################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-05-03 - 15 0503m Wavesheaf Of The Firstfruits-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2015-05-03
Title:    15 0503m  Wavesheaf Of The Firstfruits-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rJIuTQpP7Y
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. It's okay. Do you? Like a lost lamb, I was dreaming. I was also helpless and alone. What the seeking shepherd he found me to do my father's home and I sing glory glory hallelujah we bless foreign the great we'll sing the first verse together now my heart and soul by the mighty chain the free. Has he set you free this morning? He set me free. Worship him. I sing glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be holy name. He master the redee. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. is the great and the church said, "Amen. and you love the Lord this morning. Looking forward to a wonderful day in his presence. It's good to have each and every one of you here with us this morning. Those on the internet and the telephone hookup, we certainly want to take a moment and greet you and trust that the same presence that's here is translated to wherever you are this morning. Amen. I know a little bit about that. We appreciate your love and appreciation and affection towards myself, my family, and the family of God. in each other's was a testimony I'd like to start the service out with this morning. You know, God doesn't miss one little detail. Yesterday, I was absolutely distraught. I thought I had a a setback in my project that we're working on at the camp. And uh it happens Saturday afternoon and I just you know you you have plans and you have it kind of paced out and you know how things are going to go and then it doesn't and it kind of sets you back a little bit and you say you know now this is going to cost and this is time and energy. And the very next day I was talking to a brother that was at the camp and he said oh I I know somebody that does stuff like that. I said you do? Oh yeah. you know, and within an hour, and he doesn't he didn't know what was going on. I mean, he's not even a believer, doesn't attend the church. Within an hour, he stopped by and said, "Oh, I make those things. You need a couple of those?" I said, "Do I need a couple of those?" And just minutes, minutes, monumental problems fade, fade away. Amen. God is good. That was just my little thing. Sister Leah Brryer said, "I would like to publicly thank the group of young people that came and worked all day yesterday doing landscaping and yard cleanup at my home, especially Brother John Andes and Jessica Caldwell. That might be Jessica Andes, who got the ball rolling and organized what became literally a backyard missions project. I'm extremely grateful for all their hard work and sacrifice, their own plans. My yard looks beautiful and was a real answer to prayer. It seemed like God dropped a group of angels right into my home. May God pour out his blessings back into your lives. God doesn't miss anything. Amen. Another testimony I can read this morning. Uh this is from Sister Victoria Adamorea. The Lord did a marvelous miracle last Sunday morning service while brother Tim was preaching. Specific requests made were answered exactly. I came to church that day terribly sick. Towards the end of the service, I was instantly healed to date. I love him better every day. Thank you, Lord. Thank you also for the ministers. Amen. I think we can just give the Lord a great thanks this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He does all things well. We want to also remember Sister Sammy Keane today in our prayers. She's at home sick with bronchitis, but we're looking forward to the deliverer to come once again this morning. Why don't we sing together? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. There's statements in this song and then there's answers. What can wash away my sin? Question. Statement. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Amen. We'll sing it just like that this morning. What can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. Oh pre that makes me wide as snow bound I know nothing but the blood. Oh my pardon. Oh my pardon. This I see. Nothing but the blood of Jesus for my cleansing I plead. Nothing but the blood. Oh, precious is that makes me wide as no other bound by nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing can for sin at home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. How good I have done. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh my god. I know. Nothing but the blood. This is all my hope and peace. Hallelujah. This is all my rightous singing. Oh pre no other found. Nothing but the blood. This is all my hope. This is all my hope and nothing. This is all my rightous. Halleluah. Oh my god. I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind. I know the fer you made the sun shine again. Eyes on the master of the wind. My boat of life. My life sails on a tr there in my but my heavenly father. Oh, he watches over me. turns into a game. And I know I know that I make the sun shine again. master. Oh, sometimes I'm like an eagle in the sky among the peace. My soul can be found. What an unexpected storm. It may drive me from the high. It may bring me low, but it'll never bring me down. Are you glad about that this morning? I know the master of the wind. Halleluah. Hallelujah. We can calm the storm. He'll make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind. I know. He can promise the sun to shine again. I know the master of the way sometimes. Halleluah. Sometimes praise the Lord. Some of times gently singing our hearts in one of Sometimes all this lifted up again. of mine. Hallelujah. is here. Hallelujah. Amen. Give us your name. intense touch. You will never for Holy, holy, I will let you listen closely. I hear I hear my name. Maybe we can all stand this morning together. Oh, just lift up your hand to him now. He's here. Hallelujah. He is here. What a confession this morning. He is holy, holy. I will I will let you spit out your name. He is here. the same is real sweet. Now he is what you need this morning. is holy blessing for he is There's a single You can touch him. You will never be the same. Hallelu. With every eye closed, every heart bowed, we want to remember Sister Sammy Keane this morning. If you have an unspoken request on your heart, he is here. Maybe it's something that you mentioned in prayer last night and said, "Lord, I'm going to church in the morning with this on my heart. I need you to speak, Lord. I need you to deliver. Need you to set free that which is bound." We want to be challenged by the word this morning to take him at his word. Brother Tim, would you come this morning, God, and just open the service this morning in prayer, wonderful heavenly father, Lord, in the sweetness and the humility of this atmosphere that's here this morning, oh God, we humble ourselves before you, the great and mighty God who made heavens and earth, Lord, that Lord, if we would go by human understanding, it would be unreachable for us to touch you. But Lord, we're not going by our own understanding. We're going by faith. That you have made yourself available to us this morning that we might touch you. that we might never be the same as the song has said. That we might enter into your presence with no matter what our needs are and what our burdens are. Lord, you're here to meet each and every need. You're here, Lord, to give the answer. You're here, Lord, to solve the situation. You're here to lift burdens. You're here to break chains. You're here to loose the captives. Oh, God. No matter what the situation is, Father, there's nothing too hard for you. You are a mighty God, Lord. So, thank you for the testimonies that we heard this morning, our sisters, oh God, that you touched. And Lord, we heard this week from the saints in the PAL. Thank you that you were with them and not one of their lives were lost. And Lord, you did supernaturally spare the believers in as they prayed in the church during the earthquake. Lord, you did a miracle and spared the building even that it might not fall upon them. Lord, we give you glory for that. We give you praise. And Lord, we know the same God that was there in Nepal. The same God that was in the Philippines when the tidal wave came in and spared the saints in the church. We are the saints of the living God gathered together once again this morning and the miraculous is possible amongst us today, Lord. And so we pray that you will just move especially on the scene. Sister Sammy couldn't be with us this morning, but Lord, you're the God who's omnipresent. Lord, may you be with her where she is get watching even right now. Bless her in her mortal body. Strengthen her, Lord. Others that couldn't be with us streaming this morning, bless them, oh God. And Lord, as we look to you this morning for the ministry of the word, I pray, Father, that you will anoint our pastor with a special anointing. Lord, that you will speak to us through the gift this morning. You've done it so many times. You are so faithful. And we're asking, Lord, once more that you'll come on the scene. Once more, Lord, bless your people. Once more, Lord, meet our individual needs. Oh Lord, we call you on the scene in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, as we even would take up the offering this morning, I pray, Father, that you'll bless it. We might have a little to give. Whatever we have of our substance, we don't give it as being of our own strength. We give it as maybe the boy that had five loaves and a couple fishes, Lord. Lord, we had just a little to give, but Lord, you multiplied it, increased it, and fed a multitude. And Lord, may you use our offering this morning for your glory. We give it to you as worship, Father. And we ask your blessing upon every part of this service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Why don't you have your seats this morning? We'll sing. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, it'll quicken your mortal body. Amen. God bless you. How many were able to listen to It Is the Rising of the Sun during the week or this last night? Amen. There's a lot in there. I don't I don't have any idea where brother Ed could go. It's loaded. Huh, brother Tom? It's loaded. Yes, sir. But we want that same quickening spirit to dwell in us responds back to the word. Word speaking to the word this morning. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. Oh, sing it now. Where do you get that same right from the dead? Your mortal body. That spirit dwell in you. It shall witness your body. If that is true, we'll sing that again. We've uh we got a special this morning and I want to give them plenty of time to get up here. It's uh the grandchildren of our brother Derek Donaldson from New Zealand, Timothy, Manuel Estelle and Jamai and uh I believe it's the Stevens. Is that right? All right. So, you guys come on up. Whoever's singing with that group, we've got everybody right. Come on up and get ready. We'll just sing this through another time or two while they're getting ready. If that same spirit will you give that same feeling that face from the dead willing you got wicked your mortal body is that spirit dwell in you. It shall witness your whole body. If that spirit dwell in you, it shall quicken your mortal body. It shall break your body. Thank you for the crossel. Thank you for the path you made. bearing all my s and gave amazing grace. Thank you for the Thank you Lord. Wash me in your presence before. Now all I know is your forgiveness. is the seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You made victory. I am lifted up. Jesus will come the treasure of heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the price you bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you Lord. Thank you for the in touching your blessing. Now all I know is your forgiveness worth the lamb it on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victori. Glor I am lied up Jesus lamb of God the treasure of heaven is is the lamb. Love is the lamb. Praise the Lord. Well, we want to invite our pastor to come this morning. We've uh taken up all the time that we dare take. He needs as much time as we can give him. Amen. Why don't we sing Blessed Assurance. This is my story. This is my song. As our pastor comes this morning, we're certainly in anticipation what the Lord will say to our hearts this morning. Not just uh in the soul realm. We want fruit. You know, it's one thing to be planted by the river. It's another thing to bring forth fruit. Lots of trees. We want to be those that bear good fruit. Amen. Let's sing this together as our pastor comes this morning. Blessed assures. Oh, what a taste of glory. I've been purchased of God for his blood. This is my glory. This is my song. Praising my savior. This is my glory. This is my song. This is my all the day long. Perfect. Oh, perfect. Visions of rapure now burst on my side. Angels be from lifted up now with spir of love in my soul. Glory. This is my song. Praise my God. Christ once again. This is my God. Praising my Savior all day long. This is my story. This is my song. &gt;&gt; Let's bow once again in prayer, shall we? Gracious and loving heavenly father, we're desiring one thing today and that is that you will be lifted up, exalted, and glorified. Not what man will desire, but what you desire. And Lord, we want your will above our will. We say, "Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." God, may we lay aside every personal thought and every personal ambition. We pray that we will lay aside all of those things that we might just seek, oh God, to know you in the fullness of the revelation. And may we step into that channel of revelation today, we pray. Open your word, oh God. Anoint the hearers, anoint the speaker, we pray. Anoint all of those on the internet. I pray oh God whether near or far or the archive services however you should desire to do it we just pray that you will bless it in the name of Jesus Christ we surrender ourselves to you now amen and amen the people said amen uh I'm going to just have you have your seats for a moment and uh because I have a couple of things I'd like to make you aware of. Uh there's a brother that he may not be streaming right now, but his his name is Brother Neville Rodriguez, and he is the son of the pastor Fabriiono in Brazil, Typico, Brazil. He was the first brother that invited uh myself there some years ago. Uh but he has he's a man that's just like he's eaten up with a passion and a desire to get the message to someone else. Uh as you probably know, Brazil speaks Portuguese and so he feels closely connected to Mosmbique and Angola over in Africa. So he has made many many many trips to Mosmbique over a lot of years and today as we sit here he's in Angola again. He's been in Angola several times. I don't know how many times. I know he was there at least once or twice before. Uh but he's there today. And his son Neville has asked us to remember him in prayer. Neville is not uh uh he's uh not just a young man as such. He's married, has several children and lovely wife and children. Uh he asks us to remember them in prayer. And so I would uh I don't want that just as a a phrase, you know, remembrance in prayer. And I think of the world how often they say our thoughts and prayers are with you. And I just wonder if that's really true. You know, everybody has their thoughts and prayers with you. Well, it's a little more than that. I want to I I I received um also an uh an email from him yesterday. We've been communicating back and forth quite a bit. I've known him I've known Neville for a lot of years as well, and he he has done some translation work. not translating of the message but he'll interpret uh for visiting minister his dad is a pastor of the church there and so that's where I met him uh for the first time he works in a bank and so he speaks really quite good English um and uh he he saw he saw a message just a title of a message that uh I preached I think in 2010 and uh you will remember those of you that were here it was entitled the wounded word that was earlier and then I think about 2010 the the value of a flaw and he thought those were such strange names so he just passed over them he didn't bother to hear them and then different events were taking place in his life and and so on and he thought I I'll go and listen to that uh service the wounded word. He said that he was so deeply affected. He was so sobbing and broken and to realize that he was a part of that. And uh he said that he was so affected he listened to it again and then listened again and each time it seemed the Holy Spirit was just doing something in his life. So it it kind of rippled out from there and uh he was so affected they played it in the church. They have a church which uh when I was speaking there probably 1,500 to 2,000 people in their church and uh he said it was such a blessing in the church. Then other ministers heard about it and other people heard about it and said we would like you to come and play that service in our church. So that's what he's been doing and he's been writing back to me and saying and then he said then I thought I would listen to the value of a flaw because that was connected that was the service uh just before just after and I I don't recall the order of them but he listened to that and uh right now as of as of we sitting here you think of something archived maybe two years ago an atmosphere in the service here and however God was speaking to the people here. I think it's just wonderful. I was thinking of the uh thinking of the course uh I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I think that is so wonderful. And then uh we I got also word from uh brother Busabos and who's been communicating with brother Tim because of the work that is going on in Ethiopia. Brother brother Bus, we call him brother Bus, but brother Busaboosei who's from Uganda had gone to Ethiopia with his family and he had to return because he needs to get a new passport and that's why I'm bringing it to you. uh they they've tightened things up very very tight because of ISIS and because of the um I would say extremists that have come into Ethiopia and have have beheaded and killed some Christians. Uh and uh and so you know the Bible says in as it was in the days of Noah, the Bible says in the days of Noah that the earth was filled with violence and there was only evil in the in the thoughts of man on a continual basis. And we're there. We're there. No, nobody has an answer to it. And no government has a control of it. And nobody no border can keep it all out. And so this is what's happening and because of what's happening in in Ethiopia and other countries in northern eastern Africa uh they have made it very very tight for brother Basaboosei to get another uh visa. In order to get a visa, he's written over here. They require that they get all of our documents, our articles of memorandum, our incorporation. And uh so we send them all over there and it seems that now they want the government to notoriize. First they want them notorized and now it seems that they want the government to notoriize them. I don't know if the government even does notoriize documents, but it's just a tightening up and a tightening up and a tightening up. It's just making more difficult. And in order for him to remain there, and here's a a a group of people. There's been about 15 or more recently baptized, I would say, in the last what about a year. It's in September. And when he was leaving, they said to him, and this is a book of Acts, friends, this is not a story. This is a book of Acts. And they said to him, "Are you leaving us now? We can't go back to these dead churches and denominations. How can we go back?" And are you leaving us? And he said it just broke his heart. And uh and and one of the one of the most fervent young women that has opened more doors was a young woman that was following him and another brother as they were walking down the street cuz they were witnessing and doing different things and and she was beckoning to them and calling them and calling them and they just kept on going without paying any attention. And one said to the other, uh, there was one calling in the New Testament, I think, to Paul, maybe we should turn around and and speak to her. And they turned around. She was a prostitute which was seeking to offer herself to these two young men. And so they turned around and preached Christ to her. She gave her heart to Jesus Christ. She has become one of the most fervent and followers of this message in Ethiopia. I say praise God. Nothing is beyond him. And this is a reality friends. This is an absolute reality. God bless all the believers in Ethiopia. God bless those in Kenya that have gone there and those believers that are there and established there. We don't know of many, but I know that the message is going there. and let's pray that brother Busaboosei will be able to get the necessary documents for him and his family to be able to stay there. And he said he was so last Sunday he was so aching and so burdened and uh he got on FaceTime. I don't know what you do with FaceTime. I've been on it maybe once with the family, but he got on FaceTime and preached a whole service. He said, he said, "I preached a complete service to the f to the saints in Ethiopia." He said, "It was wonderful." I said, "Praise God. God knows how to use all of these, you know, toys. They're not toys for some a worker or a laborer. So, praise God for that." And then he had just met a scholar. He met a man. He said a very fine man. He was a he was he was an absolute scholar of the scriptures and he just loved God. He was so so given over to the scriptures and a very humble man and very rich in his uh Christian experience but he was seeking more. So brother Bessaboosei gave him a church age book. He said yeah he said he he read that. He said, "Uh, now I've heard truth that I've never heard before." And so, Brother Buster Boise then went on to the hub and brought down some messages and printed them for him and handed them those messages. And he was so delighted to get some. And then there were some other folks that needed some messages. So, he went up in the hub and and got those. And I don't know was another language or what it was, but he he printed those out and handed them to that body of believers. I'm so glad we can have a part. Amen. Amen. And that's that's just the beginning. I mean, you have to pray they'll get around to preaching. Then we get word out of Switzerland and uh Sister Angela Michel and brother Gerard Michel. Brother Gerard, he has a painter doing some renovating in his house and he gets witnessing to him and uh and he speaks another language. He speaks Portuguese. So he he went up on the hub and brought down Portuguese language and printed him some and said here, you know, so he walked away with those. He was paint. He went to paint the house and walked away with some Portuguese messages. I say, "Praise be to God." And then Sister Angela went out for a walk and there's a place my wife could tell you about it. She said, "It's just so picturesque. It could only fit in Switzerland, just pastoral." And and there was a shepherd with a flock of sheep. They were waiting to cross. He they were waiting for the gate to enter. And he when he opened up the gate, he said, "Those sheep just shot across there." And and uh uh but they have confidence in in what the shepherd is doing. And uh so sister Angela was walking there and here was a shepherd. And so she started talking to him and he said, "What's happening in the world? What's happening? This just a shepherd hurting sheep in Switzerland." But he said, "What's happening in the world?" They said this sick some problem. She said well you know God sent a messenger. God sent a prophet to us. Said you just just stay here and I'll run home and get a message for you. So she went home and went on the hub and printed why it had to be shepherds and came back and handed him that message book. So the shepherd's reading why it had to be shepherds. and I just said, "I'm so glad we're apart." Hallelujah. We've got a couple slides out of uh out of Angola where brother Fabriiona is right now. And so I just want to show those to you. Maybe we could dim the lights. And uh I just these are just four, but this is just the last day or two. Uh Brother Fabriiono is in the middle with the blue shirt. And then I think the brother with the cowboy hat and another brother right beside brother Fabriiono are are uh they traveled with him and I'm not too sure but I understand that. And then the the brother in the white suit or the light colored suit is a pastor of the church. Next slide please. And uh I guess I could do it myself. That's the uh congregation, part of the congregation. Uh that's another part of the congregation inside. So the the the message is well established in some cities in Angola. This is in Angola. Angola had civil war for 37 years which ended just uh two three years ago. So I tell you these people who've heard the message have have come under from a lot of oppression. So that is that. All right. If you wouldn't mind then to stand. Now we'll read the scripture. Are you ready for the word? Amen. You can turn in the book of Li Leviticus if you would to the 23rd chapter. Thank you musicians and we'll I'm keeping the lights down so I trust you'll be able to read in your Bible, but I also am going to put it on the on the uh on the slide here as well. We're starting at verse 9 and we'll read to verse 11. And if you can just uh change the slides as as I go, please, if you don't mind. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, when you come into the land," would like you to notice that, please, a very important phrase. When you come into the land, Brother Brandham said, "The land is was the promised land, and the promise is the Holy Spirit." So that's your life in the Holy Ghost. When you come into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, then you shall bring a sheath of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest. And he shall wave the sheath before the Lord to be accepted for you on the tomorrow after the Sabbath. The priest shall wave it. And you shall offer that day when you wave the chief and he lamb without blemish of the first year of for a burnt offering unto the Lord. And he shall wave the sheath before the Lord to be accepted for you on the tomorrow after the Sabbath the priest shall wave it. I want to read also in Acts the first chapter and you can turn to that if you would. There's one scripture I'll read while you're turning. The Bible says, "And they truly were many priests because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death. So a priest would come and would die and then another one would raise up and the priest the priest would wave it but the new generation would come and maybe it's a different priest. But then the Bible and I'm getting ahead of myself but but you just so that you won't get lost. Then the Bible speaks of a priest by the name of Melzdc without beginning of days nor end of life. That's a different that's a different order. That's completely a different priest without beginning of days or end of life. You'll have to really stay focused because so that the message won't sound chopped up to you. But in so now we have in the in the in the Old Testament in the type God instituted this because it it it it pointed forward and the Bible is like it's like layered. You have one layer. You have the Old Testament in types and then you have the New Testament. And many of the Old Testament types were fulfilled. And then not all of it was fulfilled because some was left there for you and I. And then there's one layer and another layer and it and and it it changes. But I want to explain the change to you because in in life we think well this ends and then that starts and this ends and that starts and and when he comes this will he'll come and then the resurrection will take place and that's just not quite the way things happen. Apostle Paul said in uh Corinthians he said and he was speaking about these things. He said, "When I was a child, I spoke as a child. I understood as a child, but when I became a man, he's talking about maturity." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And this was when you come in the land. And when the first sheath that you cut down, you don't cut down the grass. You don't cut down just an empty stock. You cut down a sheath that has come to full maturity. And so that is another layer of this is and before we read the scripture, another layer of this was Jesus was the first sheath that came to full maturity and he was cut down and then he raised again and was ra and waved over the people. And then the scripture says he was waved over the people again at Pentecost. And the prophet says again in this end time he's again waved over the people can't be waved if it's not mature wheat. Only mature sheath can be waved. So and and the priest has to wave it. &gt;&gt; So that brings us you say well Jesus was a prophet. Well uh when did he become a priest? Well, he he matured into that and then he became you I'm going back over this in a few moments so when you sit down. But so when when when did he become a priest? Well, uh the prophet in this day said when he in the New Testament era, he was a priest. He's our high priest touched with the feeling of our infirmities. Isn't that what the Bible says? When did he become that priest? Well, Apostle Paul is giving us the key. When I was a child, I spake as a child. Jesus was coming. He was in He was in Abraham. He was in Isaac. He was in Jacob. Promised son in Isaac. He was in Jacob. He was in in Joseph. He was all through. He was in Samuel. He was in David. He was in Solomon. When Jesus came, a greater than Solomon is here. Isn't that what he said? &gt;&gt; So, so what is it? The maturing all the way. Then when he came to the full maturity, he was cut down. That was that part. Went on and brought us redemption. Then he raised from the dead. And then the Holy Spirit is waved over the people. And the Holy Spirit came upon the apostles, those that believed on him. So I want to read these now. The disciples in Acts 1 and 10. And while they looked steadfastly toward heaven, as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, which also said, "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner, as ye have seen him go into heaven." And the prophet said he was plucked up from the earth and waved over the people. Then the Bible tells us in Acts, if you will can perhaps turn to that one, Acts the 2 chapter verses 1 and two. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, that was immediately after this. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind and it filled all the house where they were sitting and they became filled with the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; And we we just we everybody's got some kind of interpretation. All I can tell you is that now Jesus Christ was living in them. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may be seated. I have this on the slide as well. This is just an inter introduction. So you have to hang on to these things because I'm going to probably repeat them later on. And this is out of the rising of the sun and to be waved again. So now the first scripture in Leviticus, it was waved. That was a literal sheath waved. Then he was plucked up from the earth and waved over the people. And then on the day of Pentecost, prophet said he was waved over the people. And now here and and he says and to be waved again. And we realize in the last day according to Luke 17:30 in the sun s o n day again in the day that the s n of man the son of man will be revealed or waved over the people. If it's revealed to you, when something is revealed to a person, it's something that's waving over you. It's something that's responding. Actually, it's wave for your accept to you be accepted. The Bible speaks rather the is the rising of the sun speaks it's waved as a memorial before God. And the Old Testament said that it's waved. You shall take it to the priest and he shall wave it to the people. Didn't take it to Moses. &gt;&gt; Took it to the priest because that's another office. Jesus Christ is son of man as a prophet. He's son of God as a priest and he's son of David as a king. He's prophet, priest, and king. Well, when does he become a prophet? He was a long time coming up to being the son of man, born of a virgin. He was a long time. Then about 30 years, 33 years. And that that part that he was living out as a redeemer, it was come to fulfillment and he's cut down. But he didn't Oh, are you following me? See, now I'm just speaking out of my heart. But he come before Caiaphas. Caiaphas was the high priest. But Caiaphas had no capacity &gt;&gt; to wave it. &gt;&gt; And it wasn't the season. &gt;&gt; All Caiaphas could do was commit him to the earth, &gt;&gt; committed him to death &gt;&gt; and planted him. But he said, he said to Pilate, "No man takes my life from me. I'll lay it down and I'll raise it up again." That was different. &gt;&gt; That's how he entered his priesthood by raising up his life again. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So then I have another another quote I'd like to read and it's also from the um it was the rising of the sun. He said in paragraph 96. He said, "Hallelujah. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. It was waved over the people and and the first time there will come forth for the bride age. &gt;&gt; For the bride age, for a resurrection out of the dark denominationalism will be a message. I just say something startling I think to you people. You can be dead while you're living. You can actually be in a tomb of denominationalism while you're living. &gt;&gt; There are nothing more all of thousands of of denominations and just dead. Without Christ, you're dead. &gt;&gt; You have to have grace to receive that out of the resurrection. So, we've had a resurrection. Amen. &gt;&gt; I can tell you, I was talking to my wife just driving here to the church. I said, "We've had a resurrection. &gt;&gt; We've actually been resurrected. I could no more go back to some old denominational uh and theories and ideas." And without an absolute, thank God we have an absolute word. And it may be too strong for some, but those that have as the prophet said, too rich for some. But once you've tasted of it, you can't you can't be satisfied with anything less. Isn't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; And he said uh a resurrection out of the dark denominationalism will be a message. &gt;&gt; That'll be the resurrection. That the full maturity of the word that the full what? maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power &gt;&gt; and being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. &gt;&gt; So now I'll just have a beginning. So when Jesus the word came to a certain place, a certain certain time of maturity, did Jesus mature? Yes. The word was being fulfilled when they Peter was going to try to prevent him from going to the cross because he spoke about death. Said, "You'll never go. I'll go with you. You'll never go to death." And Jesus said, "How then shall the scriptures be fulfilled?" How how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled being manifested actually lived out coming into full maturity? I say, how is it possible for a rapture not to happen? How is it possible for the for the these bodies not to be changed? If this word speaks of it, it must happen in order for it to come to its maturity. And so when Jesus had come to that place and he entered his priesthood office. So you say well when did he enter the priesthood office? When I when you were a child you spake as a child you understood as a child when you became a man or when you became a woman. When was that? Well they call it you know a certain time of uh in maybe in the teenage years but when was it? What was it? It end here and did it start there? Well, no. I It's when I became a man or when I became a woman. When did that happen? When did he become a priest? Well, we know that he became a priest because he is a high priest touched with the feelings of our infirmities. In fact, as I want to announce to you, don't just sit here and listen to me. You can touch, you can actually touch him. You had a prophet stand before thousands and thousands of people year after year after year and say these words. Who did he touch? &gt;&gt; Who did she touch? Hundreds and hundreds and maybe even thousands of people around. But somebody touched him. &gt;&gt; Who did he touch? Who did she touch? And I'll give you a couple of quotes on that. And then he said, he said to the people that were there in attendance, which I can say to you, you can touch them. &gt;&gt; You can do something more than go to church. &gt;&gt; You can do something more than come through the doors. &gt;&gt; You can do something more than sing or listen or clap your hands. You can do something more. You actually have the privilege of touching a high priest. If you don't believe that, then our religion is vain. &gt;&gt; You can actually touch him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's part of the core of the message this morning. the message itself, the preaching, I'm I would I'd be standing here in vain unless we get somebody that can touch him &gt;&gt; and make it work in their lives. &gt;&gt; He knows exactly what you need. You maybe don't even know, but he knows. &gt;&gt; You came to church this morning maybe not even aware of your need, but he knows it. So Jesus stood before the high priest, Caiaphas, the high priest. As I said a moment ago, he could only commit him. There stood the chief. There stood the chief in front of the high priest, the high priest. The high priest didn't know who he was. The high priest didn't realize he was the word in flesh. Jesus knew exactly who he was, &gt;&gt; but he did not know who the the high priest didn't know who he was. So he committed him to death. And fact is the one who was in front of him who he was committing to death was replacing him. &gt;&gt; Think about that one. The condemned was replacing the condemmer if there is such a word. And they laid their laid hold on Jesus. Matthew 26:57. Don't turn to it. And they laid hold on Jesus and led him away to Caiaphas the high priest where the scribes and the elders were assembled. But Taiaphas could not continue because of death. And that's the other scripture. And they and they truly Paul said in to the Hebrews in 7:23 of Hebrews and they truly were many priests because they could not they were not suffered to continue by reason of death. The very one that Caiaphas was condemning as I said a moment ago was replacing him. not only replacing him but replacing a whole new order. The Levitical priesthood, the whole priesthood was passing off the same. &gt;&gt; I'll probably leave you with a lot of questions, but just hang on because we'll answer some of them as we go along. We need to we need to cover these things. So, now a whole new priesthood, a whole new order was being established. There are two in the Old Testament that have connection with Melzdc. One, listen close. One was Abraham who MelzDC came and met him in a body and one was David. He's mentioned twice. once in the Old Testament in Genesis and once in the Old Testament in Psalms. And the spirit in these men, not their literal sperm, but something that was greater than their sperm, greater than the sperm that produced Isaac. Isaac was only reflective. Isaac only indicated another promised son was coming &gt;&gt; that was of another seed. &gt;&gt; That God the creator &gt;&gt; who put sperm in a man's body had a had another word had another sperm the spoken word of God &gt;&gt; and and that and that God is going to attribute his son out of his bosom to Abraham and also to David. And so Genesis, those two they spoke of, they spoke and the Bible says in Genesis, in Genesis, I'm going to be slow now so I don't don't rush ahead. And Melzdc, notice please, and Melzdc, king of Salem, priest of the most high God. And he was priest of the most high God. and and Apostle Paul speaks of him and says, "And he met Abraham and God said of Abraham, he's my prophet." So now you have once in the Old Testament, you have all three offices merging being reflected on earth at one time. Prophet, priest, and king. He was king of Salem, priest of the most high God, meeting Abraham the prophet. That was once. You're quiet. I'll suggest to you, perhaps you don't realize the significance of this modern age that you're living in. Don't let the modern age rob you of the reality of the spiritual age. A prophet came in this modern age and said this is the bride age. &gt;&gt; This is not the glory of the 21st century or the 20th century. It's a bride age. There's a group of people that actually have a living mature manifested word being waved over them. And there are some of those that are promised of God. And he said, "I'm going to wave my word over them." They will catch it and realize that there's something taking place. And these men, something was in them. Something was in Abraham. Something was in and Melzdc. He met him after the slaughter of the kings. And he gave him a tenth. He gave him a tenth of all that he had of all of the peoples of the earth. Out of Abraham came a promised seed and out of all of the peoples, you happen to be a crop. &gt;&gt; You are a crop. You're a crop of young people. You're a crop of older people. You're a crop of people. And God is harvesting his crop. And Abraham gave him a tenth because it may well be that God is taking his tenth. Think about it. He's harvesting, his crop of humanity. And there's a certain amount of them that are my children. And Jesus referred to it, my sheep. &gt;&gt; They hear my voice. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And it says in Psalms, "The Lord hath sworn, he will not repent. Thou art a priest forever after the order of Melzdc." Not David. But he was prophesying of something yet to come. The Lord hath sworn and he will not repent. Thou art a priest forever after the order of Melzdc. It's really amazing in your Bible as it is in my Bible. There's the page between Malachi and Matthew. It's really amazing that the first verse of the of the New Testament is the book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David. He mentioned Melazdc. And the son of Abraham, he mentioned Melzdc. Isn't that really amazing? Isn't that really amazing? the son of David, the son of Abraham. Here's a whole new priesthood. Now, it's showing him this is his record. And now he's coming into into his uh to fulfill that part of the word of God that speaks of him. And he fulfilled it. He fulfilled that part. But there was a part he said, "I must go &gt;&gt; and I will not leave you comfortless, but I will come to you." &gt;&gt; And he was plucked up from the earth and waved over the people because he was w he wasn't waved over the 5,000 that left him. He was waved over a handful that kept and believed on him. &gt;&gt; He was actually waved over a group of people that didn't know what was happening. He was waved over people that were were had tunnel vision. They said, "Oh, after 30, 40 days of being seen by him of by many uh supernatural things, he was waved over the people." And so they were wondering, "Are you at this time going to restore the kingdom to Israel? Is that what's going to happen? Are we going to come back to our old glory and our old power? And is that what's going to happen? And Jesus said, "No, it's not for you to know the times or the seasons the Father has put in his own power, but you shall receive power." In other words, you'll make it to the end. You shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And he was and and and while they were standing there and he was blessing them, he was lifted up in a cloud into heaven and vanished from them. And they were there gazing and the and the and the angel said, "What are you gazing into heaven for? This same Jesus that was taken from you will come in like manner." Well, they didn't know even what was happening. They couldn't understand things. They didn't have things all slotted out. Neither do you or I. The prophet said, "If you have things figured out, you can be sure of one thing, you're wrong." How many people have ever been wrong? So now we have we have him coming into a a new priesthood, a new priesthood. And Paul said in Hebrews 7:1, "For this Melzdc, king of Salem and priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, because God said to Aimilec when he when he had uh uh Abraham had kind of gone wayward and he said to his wife, "Tell them that you're my sister because you're very beautiful and they will take you etc and kill me. And God spoke to Aimilec and said, "Now therefore restore the man his wife, for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live." And he told him, "If you don't, you're going to die." That's that's how much God thought of Abraham. Did Abraham Abraham think that much of himself? Well, I don't think he did. I don't think he realized. But now these three offices of prophet, priest, and king merging together at one time on the earth. I hope you will catch and stay with me. This is the first man of promise. &gt;&gt; Abraham is the first man of promise. He's like living. It's like having a a miniature picture of everything that's happening. And so he meets Melzdc because you're meeting him. He become a priest. He become a high priest. Well, I thought that this was a son of man ministry which was prophet. But it's it's it's really amazing. I'm not trying to introduce some new doctrine to you, but it's really amazing when you just think of things as they are maturing. Those of you that are well-versed in the message at least, if you go to 1965, and you realize and you just say, you know, this is the last year uh uh uh of a prophet of God, the spirit of Elijah. And I'll never forget I'll never forget what Tommy Osburn says. He said, "You won't you won't see this again. you won't see this again. You're not going to have another messenger. And I was going to the end of of one of the services uh 1965 services. All these people that have all of their questions, I'd like them to just to go to the end of one service and be if they can't tell me what that is that's happening there, then they need to keep their mouth shut. All they can do is ask questions. Parkbench politicians have find they know how to run the government and everything else, but they can't even make enough to to buy food for themselves. And these people here, they can't find an ounce of a a truth that that I that I would even desire. But when I hear him say, "And you uh you have a sinus, you have a sinus problem, but the one right next to you, that's your wife, and next to her is her sister. And who is that that's saying all that? Who is that that knows all of those things?" You might say, "Well, that was kind of insignificant." And not insignificant to them. You might say, "Well, this is a this is a rather insignificant thing. I I'm I'm, you know, I I feel okay. I'm okay. Maybe you're not okay." Spiritually, maybe you are, but maybe you aren't. Do we have a need spiritually? I think so. &gt;&gt; I think so. And this high priest that I'm speaking of say, "Well, when did he become high priest?" I don't really care when he become high priest. But the Bible says you'll be and God will not repent about this. Thou shalt be a priest after the order of Melzdc. There'll be a priest. So here come here come a prophet of God uh to reveal the son of man. Luke 17:30. But in the last in the last 12 months, the last Easter &gt;&gt; that the world is having, the last one, he says it'll be the rising of the sun. And again in this day, &gt;&gt; what does that mean? &gt;&gt; Does that mean what it says? I guess it does. And again in this day, it has to be waved again. &gt;&gt; Why did it have to become again? Because the word that he was fulfilling was coming to its end, &gt;&gt; coming to its maturity. there would not be another Easter. He could not speak the same thing again. He would be gone by the time another Easter came. This was as mature as that word was going to become as far as Easter is concerned. And the world is remembering a resurrection. But he's taking it further saying the word was waved over the people. And again in the last day according to Luke 17:30 when the son of man will be revealed. It has to be waved over the people again. &gt;&gt; And he's entering his priesthood or he entered his priesthood under I won't say under Caiaphas but in that era when things were happening he entered into his priesthood. He he he was not the son of man anymore. He raised to become entering into his priesthood. And now in this day, you can do what you want with this, but he was ending his priesthood. &gt;&gt; Well, does he ever stop being a prophet? No. Because he is he's God. Does he ever stop being a priest? No. But he shifts and changes the administration of it and how you how you how it's administered and how you get the benefits. Just sit there nice and quiet. Now when Apostle Paul came and he said when he ascended he's the same he he that ascended is the same that descended. And when he ascended, he gave gifts unto man. This the same God that gave uh the Levites said, "You'll have a Levite priesthood order." And the Levites and everyone that is everyone that opens the womb is a son unto me. But the Levites, they won't have any inheritance in the promised land. I'm their inheritance. And that was such a such a divine order. And they kept the Levites and the Levites and the Levites. And finally, Apostle Paul comes with a whole new dispensation, a whole whole new economy. And he brushes them all aside and says, "There's apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. That's it." &gt;&gt; And there's helps and there's governments, and there's various things. But he never once spoke about the Levites. In fact is it it is said that the the the priesthood could not continue because of death. But now here comes a new order under Melzdc without beginning of days nor end of life. This is a new one. You're not called to a Levitical under Levitical priesthood. You're called to one that has no beginning of life or end of life or beginning of life or end of life or end of days. What is what is the prophet of God? If there's anything he established, I said, "God, help me get this across to you." He said, "If you have eternal life, if you are ever there, you're always there. You eternal life has no beginning and no end. That's the priesthood you are called under. If you want to, you know, you live so many days, etc., etc., that's a that's an earthly order. We're not under an earthly order. Yes, you are born by your parents etc etc. But let me tell you even the prophet of God said that the day came when he found out he was not just a son not just a son of Ella and and and Mr. Brham but he was a he was a son of God. &gt;&gt; And and our heritage really doesn't mean that much. &gt;&gt; I went with brother Milo to Yugoslavia. I went to Norway. I went to Sweden. I went to Finland. I went to Poland which was just about 90 kilometers from the Ukraine. I went to India. I went to India again. I went to China. Went to these places. And I often wondered why God wouldn't allow me to go even to my own where my where my forefathers came from. And it was years of going to all of these other places. Never went because God's not interested really where my forefathers came from. God is trying to say to us, "I'm your father." &gt;&gt; We're not connected emotionally. I want to go back there cuz my roots are back there. Your roots aren't back there. Your roots are in heaven. &gt;&gt; We are of another nation. We're a holy nation. &gt;&gt; I might be touching some soft spots, but just &gt;&gt; don't scoot away. Just say out. &gt;&gt; That'll be fine. &gt;&gt; We're not Americans. We're not Canadians. This is where we live. The prophet said, "This is where we live. We We may love this place, but that's not what we are. What we really are." &gt;&gt; And the prophet came to establish us into eternal life. &gt;&gt; Eternal life. If you were ever there, if you're going to be there, he said you had to be there before. &gt;&gt; That's not pre-existence. That's not pre-existence. We don't believe on that. But you were in the mind of God. You were in the thoughts of God. Jesus, although born of the Virgin Mary, he never made a big issue out of that. He always said, "I come from God. &gt;&gt; Father, father." He never talked about Joseph being father. Father, father, yes m maybe some human parents and not belittling them. I think that they deserve a great deal of credit and a great deal of love, great deal of respect and loyalty. I believe in that. &gt;&gt; But more so, we need to respect a heavenly father. &gt;&gt; We need to be in tune. Father, did you say something? You need to be in tune. this morning. Father, are you trying to say something to me? &gt;&gt; When you were a child, you maybe didn't understand your father and mother. When you were a child, but when you became a man and a woman, and you begin to understand what they were saying to you, it's time for us. We're not playing church. We're not just at a Sunday school picnic. We're here having a mature word. Too mature for a lot of people. But I say give it to me. And I prayed this morning. Oh God, I prayed at home. I prayed in a study here. Get put the people in a channel of revelation and let give me a mind of revelation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And so now that I've in the message of revelation of Jesus Christ, it says he said, "I am he that was he that is and shall come, the Almighty." He had a three-fold being on the earth. When he was on earth, he was a three-fold being. On earth, he was a prophet. He's also in heaven a priest. And when he comes back to the earth again, he'll be a king. It's not, oh, he stops being a priest, now he's going to be a king. It's a maturing of the word, a fulfilling. Oh, I think it's going to happen. I think it's going to happen. You don't even know. Maybe you don't know even what came across my desk. was some pictures and we've all we're all aware of the terrible catastrophic event in Nepal and thousands lost their life innocent people. I understand that a Christian brother who was preaching in Nepal four months ago was burned to death alive was burned to death because he was preaching the gospel. And they said that when this earthquake ripped through Nepal, it went just like it was on a target and wo through and struck some of the most revered and re and honored places of temples and their idolatry. I was in Nepal. I went to one of their places and the people were walking around. They have cylindrical uh things about that long and they're embossed with the letters of their alphabet and their words and they're I said, "What are these?" They're they're prayers. They're prayers. You know how the people were praying? They're walking by and spinning that one and spinning this one. They didn't even have to say or think a prayer. That was slick. Just And they had said a prayer. Said that prayer. Said that prayer. Said that prayer. Said another prayer. Then I come to a place. There was a hole in the wall. There's red red substance. I can see it was blood all over the door. And I said, "Well, what is this? What blood is this?" They said, "That's goat blood." said, "That makes sense. In a place like this, they wouldn't kill a sheep. They wouldn't kill a lamb, but they kill a goat, kill a scoundrel, and they put a goat, the goat has to go through there, and I think it's once a year or something, and they put the blood over the door." Isn't that close? something that was preached here not long ago. Brother Tim Pro, not Tim Pro, but Brother Ron Spencer was saying, he was saying, for those of you that weren't here that Wednesday night, he was saying that was it Michelangelo and he painted Christ and he looked for thousands of faces. Pardon? looked for thousands of faces so he could paint Christ. And it took him years and then years and years later he was looking for someone that would fit Judas. And it took him years and years and he's looking and he studied the anatomy of people and everything so he could paint it right. And he found one and he had them sitting before him. And this this this man said that he don't you don't you recognize me? Don't you know me? No. He said, "I've never seen you in my life." Yeah. I said, "You you had me here as a as a model for Jesus." And now he was painting Judas. And that's how close. And brother, brother Ron Spencer was making a very powerful point. Things that look so right and things that look so worshipful actually may be a Judas. Not that we're suspect of anyone, not not at all. But that's is that's how careful a person has to be. And now here comes a prophet on the scene in this time and he says and he sees all this lovely people and lovely people but the system is taking them. He said to a slaughter. Is that what he said? Do you love the message? That's what the message says. Take him to a slaughter. It's the innocent people. And here are many many of these innocent people in Nepal. I don't know. I don't know if they recognize what's happening or what happened, but it it struck me as being very very scary because I I had my little computer open and I would see what was taking place in your heart aches for those people. Should we stop sending aid? No, not at all. Do all that you can. Do all that the government can. I just wish they could get it in there sooner. But yet on the other hand, you're never going to change the hand of God. &gt;&gt; Do you hear me? &gt;&gt; God does as he as he pleases. &gt;&gt; And when God decides that one order is done, it's done. &gt;&gt; And do you want to know? You want to know why? Why the churches are where they are today? They re rejected the word of God in a prophet's mouth. &gt;&gt; And there's no way back. &gt;&gt; Some here, some there, one here, one there may come to repentance, &gt;&gt; but there's no way. You won't recover the nations of the world. You will not recover them. And you have and the Bible speaks of those nations whose Lord who whose God is not the Lord. So he had a three-fold purpose. Can I continue? For a short time, not too long. He said he was he was Jesus a prophet. He that was now is a priest making spiritual sacrifice a high priest and can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities and disclose himself and prove that he's in the midst of us prophet priest and king but one God. Now the Bible speaks of the quickening power. And Jesus answered and said unto them destroy this temple and I will raise it up. said in John 10:18, "No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my father." And then in uh he raised himself and entered into his priesthood. It is on the It is the rising of the sun, not on the Sabbath, on the seventh day, but on the first day, which we call Sunday, su n d a y. He said, and it's it's not su n anymore. It's the s o n the sun day that the corn of wheat God's first one up from the dead was it is to be waved over the congregation. They were they that we are his seed. What is it waved over for? That we are his seed. And that's the first one of those that slept. You know, let let me I have some background. I've been in these meetings perhaps the meetings that you weren't. I rejoice with other people to see the manifestation of of of the ministry, not just a ministry, but the manifestation. And then if if that's all there was to it, I can tell you if if the this mouthpiece had not answered not just answered technical questions, everybody's got those, but to answer deep spiritual questions and then people come I can I can tell you as a congregation of people that the people come to a peace. They come to a rest that is cannot be described. Why do we come to a peace? Why do we come to rest? I don't know exactly why, but I know that there's a deep yearning within a believer's heart and there are certain questions and God answers those questions. We we don't even perhaps you can't even define the question and you can't define the answer but God just so answers a person's life gives answer to what's happening in the world. We don't have the questions perhaps the shepherd had in Switzerland. We don't have the answers for that other people seek in some countries. But we know one thing that this is Satan's Eden &gt;&gt; and it shall become God's kingdom &gt;&gt; and this earth will be renovated &gt;&gt; and the king of kings shall rule again. &gt;&gt; When how I don't know and really I don't care the sooner the better. But he said it and he will do it. And that is where comfort comes. That's where peace is because God said it and he will do it. Hallelujah. Come with me. Nothing's out of control. God has everything in his hands. Say, "Oh, this is happening. That's happening." We just forget it. God's in control. And when the when the maturity I know one thing that in this end time a mature word came back &gt;&gt; and I know that the messenger was revealing the son of man. I didn't fall in love with William Brham. I fell in love with Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Did you really fall in love with him? &gt;&gt; Yes. We fell in love with Jesus Christ. I don't weep because I see a man. But tears come to my eyes when I feel a presence of the almighty God. When 50 years later, what's 50 years? Nothing. &gt;&gt; What's a 100 years? Nothing. Nothing to God. Just a breath. &gt;&gt; Jesus was on the cross according to the scripture. The day it says a thousand years. Two days ago, Jesus was just off the cross. &gt;&gt; Just 2,000 years. two days ago he's entering into his priesthood and now he's now he's departing that priesthood when somebody may rise and say it's over. I don't say that. I don't know. I know that it's maturing that way. And I can tell you that it's less and less and less &gt;&gt; and I can tell you that the last soul that comes in will be the most expensive one. All the efforts of all the bride across the whole land across the whole world, every effort, every preacher, everyone in the bride of Jesus Christ will be out there after that one last one. Who is that last one? I don't know. But this church and this people and this body of mine will keep will keep driving be a driving force as much as I can until that last one comes in. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And we have a vindicated word. When that last one comes in, there'll be no more. &gt;&gt; When that last one comes in, we go home. &gt;&gt; How? I don't know. &gt;&gt; Will there be those gazing? This prophet says there'll be people coming to the altar after it's over. &gt;&gt; There'll be people preaching after it's over. &gt;&gt; Has somebody said, thinking they're getting saved. &gt;&gt; They say, "Well, my goodness, that's that sounds really sad." Well, what's really amazing is people today are kneeling thinking they're getting saved. And all I've been fed is a bunch of emotions. And if they'd listened to a prophet, they'd say, "These emotions are only here to help you contact this world. I feel that it's a little bit cool. You don't feel it cool. I do because I've got my hand on it. Fact is right now my body says I'm a little thirsty that water didn't go to my soul just went to this body. Are you getting some understanding? So that's that's all this body is. People get there said well I wept. Well the body wept. Well I heard a story while your emotions were touched. I I I was told a sad story and and I and I cried. Lots of people cry. People hear sad stories all the time. And then you hear a preacher come up and he comes to the end of his message. He he tells a a tearjerkering story. He wants to move the people to the altar before they hit that door and may be gone. Well, I I I I left. I I was told how bad I was, and so I cried over it. All kinds of people cry. I've had them cry in my office. Okay. I see like brother G wrote all anyway. Are you too tired for me to carry on? &gt;&gt; I don't want to be labeled as long-winded even though I've got that kind of that record. And he said, he said, and I continue, and that's why they had to wave the sheath, for it was the first one that come to maturity, and it was waved for a memorial of thanksgiving to God. And this is the phrase I love, believing that the rest of them would come. &gt;&gt; Do you get it? believing that the rest of them would come. He said it was a sign. &gt;&gt; So here he is the first one to come to maturity. &gt;&gt; He fulfilled everything. He could say it is finished. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then he was waved over the people. Father, this is a memorial. It's finished. I've done all that you told me to do. Now I'm waving it as a memorial over the people because they're the ones that believed on me. They're the ones that believed. They didn't necessarily have it. They weren't doing all the miracles he was doing, but they he was waved over them as a memorial to God. &gt;&gt; That there's more like me in the field. Some of them aren't even born yet. Some of them are going to come up in 2010 and 2011. And some of them are going to be sitting here in 2015 and as a memorial. &gt;&gt; Now you say, "Well, was that just Christ?" No. Christ was the virgin born. Now he had to have a son that was an adopted son. And here come a man say, "Well, who was William Brandham?" He said, "I was a sinner saved by grace, &gt;&gt; just like you. But he recognized and believed in his calling what he was called to do. Just hold your seats. Now I'm going to close in a few moments. You can go to your libraries. I challenge you to go to your libraries. Go in your Google or go to Wikipedia or go to wherever you want to go. You will not find a ministry that duplicated William Brandon's ministry. You will not find it. Why? Because it was a redeemed son of God that had come to full maturity. There are certain words, certain of the Luke 17:30 had to be fulfilled. Malachi 4 had to be fulfilled. The messenger to the Leody Leodysian church age had to be fulfilled. So I want to just say this congregation, you can kick me out if you want, but this ministry is waved over the people saying that is done. And God is not going to duplicate it again. You will not find it again. And it was waved over you when you didn't even know it. Say, "Well, I I didn't live back then." You didn't have to live back then. It was a memorial to God that there's more like this in the field. And they're going to come up and they're going to believe and the manifestation of the word is going to be waved over them and they're going to believe this word because they actually possess the promise. They came from God. They're part of this word. And when they see this word, they're going to believe it. And they won't even know why they believe it anymore than the disciples or the apostles knew. We can read that they didn't know why they believed it. We may not know why we believe it, but we know one thing. The truth speaks to the truth. There's something within an individual. It's not something you're convinced about. It is something that is reality. It's something you crave. I craved water a few moments ago. I don't know why I need water. Say, well, some scientist can tell you. I don't know nothing about the science of it. I know one thing. When I have it, my thirst is quenched. And I know another thing. When I had an answer, my thirst was quenched. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. When I had spiritual thirst, my thirst was quenched. And I say, glory to God. Nobody has to tell me I wasn't thirsty. I was thirsty. Nobody has to tell you you're thirsty. You know if you're thirsty and if you're thirsty say I can reach through to the high priest Jesus Christ and have my thirst quenched. How old do I have to be? How old are you to be thirsty? &gt;&gt; How old do you have to be to be thirsty? How old do you have to be to know that your thirst is quenched? How old you have to be to have a drink? I tell you there's no age. How old How old do you have to be before you want it? If maybe you're dying breath, I want it. My wife stood beside her. Daddy, he had no pain. He wasn't sick. He just was leaving this world of old age. She knew. She knew as a daughter that he liked ice cream. Oh, don't give him ice cream. That's the last thing in the world you want. That doesn't matter. This is his daughter. He likes ice cream. So she stood beside his bed, got a little ice cream, and that's some of that was the last food he had. A little bit of ice cream. Cuz he liked ice cream. Did it feed his soul? No. No. No. I dealt with the soul years before. Ice cream is not soul food. But revelation of this is soul food. &gt;&gt; And when you hear a voice, &gt;&gt; I if you read it is the rising of the sun and I trust you did, you don't have to have me up here to tell you that come out of that was a divine message that come from God. No man could speak those things. And again today, he said, "And again today, it must be waved according to Luke 17:30." because Luke 17:30 was a prophecy by Jesus Christ when he was here on earth and that had to be fulfilled. And now you have the vessel uh who's representing the son of man. He is a son of man revealing the son of man and he's saying and again today it has to be fulfilled. Why? Because the word had come to full maturity. And then people want to be sus raise some suspicion said well how was he killed? One minister came to my house years ago and I had great respect for him and he wanted to dislodge my confidence in the message. He said, "Why was William Brandham killed in that tragic accident?" And I looked him in the face and I said, "Why was John the Baptist beheaded?" Because a little girl danced. &gt;&gt; He opened his mouth and no air even came out. Why was Jesus crucified? Why were the disciples? Why were the prophets Was Jesus lying when he said they've all been killed? You killed them all. Nice to see you, Jason. God bless you. I was I was I was always expecting to see you over here and I was thinking about you yesterday and I said, I haven't seen Jason. Have to excuse me. I'm happy to see Jason. You've uplifted my heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it's not up to me to ask, you know, why was he killed? All I can say is that the word came to maturity. His part was done. &gt;&gt; I could shock you a little bit. It's this prophet that said, this prophet said, I want you to say, what did he say? This prophet said that to go and drink and become drunk and go out and drive in a car and kill somebody is firstdegree murder. How many How many know he said that? How many know he said that? And a man did exactly that and drove down the highway and head with one headlight on and came across and smashed into William Brandham's car head on. And he died as a result of that. How did he die? First-degree murder. Five states some time ago. Five states in the United States of America have adopted that. You're sitting real quiet. I don't care how he went. Jesus was crucified. That's up to them. That's up to them. And you might not understand what I said some years ago. And I'll say it again. I'll repeat it again and perhaps raise the same eyebrows. The Roman soldier who thrust his spear. The iron that he was on the cross put in the ground with a stick wood stick from a tree that he the creator allowed to grow. and the and they're breathing the air that God gave them to breathe and thrusting that spear into the Savior and out came blood and water. Is that right? &gt;&gt; He did us a favor. &gt;&gt; He gave us a savior, &gt;&gt; but he condemned himself. and gave me a savior. &gt;&gt; There is no weapon that is formed against thee that shall prosper. No spear, no sword, no accusation, no nothing can prosper against the son or daughter of God. Hallelujah. elect of God, called by God, sent a messenger and waved over the people to let you know the word, children, that is fulfilled. That's already happened. &gt;&gt; Now, we can just expect the next event. &gt;&gt; God bless you. He's waved over the people. And for those of you that may stream or hear the service at a in Lima, I want to speak this in Lima. I want to take it just one more step and I won't take the time now because I can't do it justice. But you are the first fruits. First fruits. The disciples that came out were the first fruits of the word. The believers of this message, you have the honor, you have the great privilege to be the first fruits. And it's written all through the scripture. You are the first fruits. Listen to me. I'm not just preaching. I'm te making a declaration. You are the first fruits because you have come out. You You don't have to duplicate everything that the message did. You You're believers of it. And it's waved before God. It was waved before God. Luke 17:30 who came out of the word lips of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ and his priesthood. Hearing all that, seeing the people come. There they come. There they come. The promised seed. They've come. It was waved over them that they would come. Here they come. Here's the evidence of it. I'm evidence of it. We're evidence of it. I'm evidence that the I'm evidence that the sheath has been waved. Hallelujah. And we're the first fruits of that waving. Hallelujah. God bless you. I want to I want to sing a a little chorus. And uh it's just the chorus of a a song. I don't know the song, but it has to do with touching Jesus is all that really matters. How many know it? Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. I want you all that know it to sing up real loud. And you those of you that know it and those of you that don't know it, I'd like to ask you a question. Do you think you need to touch him? I'm standing be beside a very very about your height brother Nathan Hilderbrand. If you just stand up so people can see how tall this brother was. That's about the height and about the size a slender man like about Nathan. Thank you, brother Nathan. And I was standing beside him about here. and he's standing on this side. He was a pastor in Grand Prairie, Alberta. Paul Cornish was his name. And the meetings were held first in Grand Prairie and now it was in Dawson Creek. And I have questions. Oh, have I got questions? I haven't got an absolute on the Godhead. I didn't have an absolute on the baptism. And I certainly couldn't see the serpent seat in the scripture. And I'm standing there with all these questions. Don't move about people, please. The service isn't over. Now we're coming to an important part. And here stands God's messenger. And somebody's in front of him. I don't know who. It doesn't even doesn't even come around my mind. And the prayer line goes to the wall of the auditorium and all the way down. There's probably at least 40 50 people in the prayer line and brother Brennham is standing there and I'm going to duplicate what happened. So don't get scared. He raised his voice. I don't know what he's saying to this woman or this man. I don't know who it is. And he's just talking to them like that. And then he goes like this. The boy will be all right. Took me a second to get what was said. The boy will be all right. I was standing here and a force I can't explain. It's from another world. A force just went past me like the force of an earthquake or something. Just no sound. But I was deeply affected. And this man right beside me, he went like this and he began to sob and his shoulders. This man, you couldn't hardly get a tear out of him. This man was an eloquent scholar. This man went to Seattle and became a Bible school teacher. And he is he's he's shaking. And I don't know what happened. I I'm like the disciples. I What happened? What did he say? What? What's happening? I'm in total confusion. And this man, it was like he got hit in the head with a hammer. He just keeled over like that instantly. And he straightened up after a moment. He touched me on my shoulder. He said, "Brother Eddie," he said, "See down the prayer line, down towards the end of the prayer line. See that young young lad, young boy? He was about 14 or 15 years old." He said, "That's my son." And he's up for a serious operation next week and he's in the prayer line. He would never have made it to brother Brandham. This man, as far as I know, he doesn't believe the message. Multitudes of those that were in the meetings didn't become believers. But something, and brother Bam talked about this something, he touched someone in another place. He touched he so touched the high priest. The high priest that was actually resident with this prophet's ministry caused him to cry out the boy will be all right. When I hear that, when I've experienced that, &gt;&gt; I'm affected because you and I sit here, you're believers. Don't just be nice believers. But when you need to touch him, I have a need. It's such a crushing need. It's such an agonizing need. Just remember, you're not far from touching him. You need to touch him. Touching Jesus is all that really matters. I wonder, could you sing a praise Brian for me? Touching Jesus is all that matterers. And your life will never be the same. and make our way. And your life will never be the same. Jesus in all that matter and your I will be the only one way. Just call his name. You know, a preacher has to believe what he preaches. You know, I have hearing aids. My hearing is not really good and I don't have good tone sound. That's why I have other people saying I just so desire. I'm one that sang, we sang together, etc., etc. And for me not to be able to, it's a really uh very, very difficult burden in life. I'm not asking for any sympathy. if you have faith, you can pray for me. But this last week, I had to go to a very very specialist and I went there because I said I want to have my tone back. So I put different all kinds of instruments and testimon testings and I I've been told years ago I can't have it can't have it back. And so while they're doing their examination everything, they said this this hearing device has to go back to the factory. It's deceptive. Okay. I give it to them. So, right away I was asked, "Are you still going to preach Sunday?" Yep. I'm going to preach Sunday. I will not I'm not going to allow some gadget to stop me. Did you hear me? All right. I'm sure you did. So, he tries to he tries to interfere with the preacher's work. &gt;&gt; He tries to interfere with the message. because I've been studying for probably a month or two and I say I just want this is this is for Lima. I've told you here in the church this is for Lima. And then over a week ago I contact Brother Tom and said I feel that I'm to say this this morning in the message. So I know I know there's somebody that's here that needs to touch him. We had Sister Deborah Hilderbrine's testimony, how God answered her prayer and answered her need. I wonder how many needs there are. Really urgent needs that you have. We're going to pray in a few moments. Just hold it up. Now I want to ask you while your hand is up. Do you really believe you believe this word? &gt;&gt; You believe he would answer you? &gt;&gt; Yes, he will. While your hand is held up, would you sing again, please, brother Ryan? Touching Jesus is all that really matterers. &gt;&gt; And your life will never be the same. And there's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. &gt;&gt; Dear gracious and loving heavenly father, you are our father. We come forth from you. We are a we are a result of your seed. We believe upon you. We believe upon him whom you have sent. We believe upon our Lord Jesus Christ. We believe in the revealing of him in this day that you have done. You have achieved it. You've accomplished it through your messenger, your prophet, your servant. And how thankful we are, oh God, that we have been called by a voice and we have indeed heard the voice and you've called us. We do not know entirely or precisely why you have called us. You've called us to fulfill a certain purpose and Satan has come and tried to put obstacles in the way. He's tried to bring hindrances. He's tried to make us un ineffective. But we resist him in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan has tried to bring disease and affliction and sickness upon people. And oh God, I resist it. I resist the hearing loss that I've experienced. I resist everything that the people have experienced, the infirmities. Oh God, and we believe in Jesus Christ who is the answer to every affliction. And if he that is afflicted, let him pray. And if they are sick, let them call for the elders of the church. Let them pray the prayer of faith. Oh God, we believe, Father, in those that in those promises they are yay and amen to everyone that believeth. Father, I pray for every burden that laid upon the hearts or lays upon the hearts of the individuals as they raise their hand to you. Oh God, I raise my hands to you, Lord, knowing that you are not only someone that knows, but you're someone that is has the compassion and you heal the fever and then you raised the dead. You did all manner of things. You straightened up the woman and bent over. Oh God, you did all of these things. Those are physical things, but more than that, you've opened your word. You've opened our minds. You've opened our understanding. We thank you for the anointing of the hour, oh God. Oh God, thank you for the resurrection of this time. Ah that you've resurrected us from the dead denominationalism and brought us, oh God, to a living faith. How we thank you that we can be part of the family of God. And I commit this people to you, Lord. I commit them to you in a way that they did not enter the building that they that they exit the building free. Free that they can say I'm free and whom the sun sets free is free indeed. And I pray, oh God, as the days go on and life is extended, that you'll make this people a powerful witness and testimony throughout the earth in Jesus Christ's name. Thank you, Lord. We want to love you. We want to love you. Show our faith and confidence in you. I commit this people to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Touching Jesus, &gt;&gt; touching Jesus is all that matterers and your life will ever be the day. and the glory such when you call his name Jesus is all that we call Your life will never power and there's only one way to friends just to make it personal to I was sitting in a restaurant just having a quick bite to eat with my wife yesterday and I had to grab my pen, take a piece of paper that was out in front of me and tear off a piece of newspaper and I had to start writing these words. Who did he touch? Who did she touch? They touched the high priest. They touched the high priest. And God was impressing upon me and inspiring me that this very part, this is the part. There's somebody there's somebody in this service. There's several people in this service. I don't know who and I don't need I don't need the the glamour of your hands or anything else. I want to announce to you somebody needs to touch him and somebody can touch him. God wants me to tell you you can touch him. He is touchable. And furthermore, we have not a high priest that cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities that you, you, you, and you up there and you on the internet, you have the privilege of touching this high priest. He became priest for you. He entered that priesthood for the believers. It's not for us just to go through life. He touched he he became He entered a place that we could reach through. You as a believer can reach through to that dimension and touch him. How about having a servant of God cry out, "It's over." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Your sin will be fine. Hallelujah. Your situation is solved. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Somebody touch him. Well, if you think it's impossible, that's the devil telling you that it's not impossible. I give my life to him. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. I call the promises of God until we as one mass of people believe it with all of our heart. It's not impossible. This high priest has the answer. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matters. touching Jesus is all that really matterers and your life will never be and there's only one way. Touch him. Oh, touch him. If you're here and you're tormented and you're tormented by the enemy, maybe not physically, but mentally, I'm tormented by Satan. Let me tell you, Satan has no right to your mind. Satan has no right to lie to the children of God. And Jesus rejected him and resisted him because there's no truth in him. Don't listen to the devil. Listen to the word of God. Oh, touching Jesus. touching Jesus in all that matter and car. Oh God, when you come in just to hallelujah and my life will never be the same. That is why only one way to touch it. That's when you call on his name. But you change all that and your life will never be I am want to touch him That's when you get when you have me down to touch you and Everybody say all that matter and your life will Jesus be touching Jesus in all and your life. Hallelujah. your name. We bless your name, oh God. We bless your name. We bless your name. Hallelujah. That's all that matters. That's all that matters is believe. When you call on his name, believe. Glory to God. We are believers. I wonder who wants to raise their hand. Say, "I'm a believer." Hallelujah. See this body of believers. See these hands. Oh God. See these people. See these children. Not one or two, but the whole congregation. The prophet would say milky with faith. Let a faith bank be built up. If you don't need it for one next to you, one beside you. Oh God, we will not be denied. will not be denied in the name of Jesus. I will not be denied. I will not be denied. I am a praise and I will not be tonight. I would not be Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I was not Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Are you believing? get to see a corporate. Okay. Hallelujah. The song that song of Sister Joanne sings so fitting with this service. The priest that I have. &gt;&gt; The priest that I have. Glory to God. There's none other like him, Sister Ruth. None other like him. The priest that you have, how close is he to you? Closer than your breath. Saints of God. Closer than your breath. The priest that I have, reach through and touch him. Reach through and touch him. touching Jesus. I'll sing it again. Jesus is all matter. And your life will never be the same. and the way just here's a here's a couple that are worthy of our prayers. Brother Edwin and Sister Sally Dodge. You feel the same as I do. I know you do. And it goes beyond failing. With your faith, we lay our hands on them. &gt;&gt; Pardon? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Sister Sally's confessing her faith and her believing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh God, &gt;&gt; it's all that really matters. &gt;&gt; Oh God, it's all that really matters. &gt;&gt; Oh God. Oh God, &gt;&gt; you're so near to us. You're here at this very moment. Lord, it's not so much only that we touch you, but you touch us. &gt;&gt; Who touch melle? Oh God, I pray you'll bless Father Jesus, &gt;&gt; my brother Edwin and sister Sally with angel God that are beyond our reach and beyond our understanding that oh father in the name of Jesus Christ that you'll minister to them. Minister to them, oh high priest. Minister to them, oh Lord Jesus. For we are indeed believers of your word, believers of this message, oh God. You see everything, Father, every detail of their lives. And now I ask your blessing upon them &gt;&gt; in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in love. Have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. For the answer have been in God. So have faith in God. Have faith in God. in God for the answers have made like you sing. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the valley by his blood joy with Jesus as we travel with God. For I'm a part of the family, the family of God. I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the mountain by his blood joined with Jesus as we travel in sun. I'm a part of the family, the family of God. Now, what I'd like you to do is turn around and shake hands with another part of the family of God. And thank God for them. We thank God for one another. God bless you. You're all dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Hurricane. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Nothing. dire. me.
