################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-11-20 - On The Wings Of The Mighty Angel  Pastor Adrian Gengan - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-11-20
Title:    On The Wings Of The Mighty Angel | Pastor Adrian Gengan
Speaker:  Adrian Gengan
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wApgXAPRwI
========================================

Description:
Subject: A Royal Proclamation
#jesuschrist 
#williambranham 
#endtimesmessage 
@SonofManRevealedMinistries
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
She wants to return thanks to the Lord. Amen. I tell you, it's no ordinary thing when sons and daughters of God recognize their position and want to walk in newness of life. Amen. My dear sisters, I want to tell you something. Satan is not going to be happy with you after today. And he's going to point every arrow against you. He's going to try to make you live worldly, to do things worldly. But you take your stand for Jesus Christ. Amen. He's going to bring temptations. This walk's not going to be easy. The Christian life is not a bed of roses. You're going to get trials. You're going to get temptations. But I want you to know the Lord will always be by your side. If you call on his name, he will always be by your side. Amen. And what a blessing it is to walk into newness of life. And I shared the scripture with you. The Bible says that over one sinner that repent, the angels of God in heaven rejoice. Amen. So what a jubilee. What a rejoicing that is in heaven. And why can't we join heaven and rejoice on the earth? Amen. With our sisters. Amen. And even the family, the mom and dad, I'm sure they are most excited this morning to see their daughters who they have raised, who God entrusted to their care and they're raised in the in the nurture of the Lord now make that decision on their own that they want to serve the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so glad. Amen. For all the songs, the testimonies this morning. I know it's right in line with what we preaching this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Everybody excited? Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we'll turn to Revelation chapter 10 this morning. My subject this morning is now when I after I prepared the old message and had everything done, something dropped in my spirit and said, "Check when brother Brandon preached this message." And I looked and it was the exact month of November in 1965. Amen. [clears throat] So he preached a message. So remember on the wings of a snow white dove he's following the dove leading that lamb message right? So on the wings of a snow white dove. Now we all know the song on the wings of a snow white dove. God sends down his pure sweet love. A sign from above on the wings of a dove. So this morning seeing that it's 60 years later surely the Holy Spirit will progress. Amen. And the Lord gave me this title and it's titled on the wings of the mighty angel. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The message that we have came down on the wings of a mighty angel. Let's read. Amen. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud. Now you'll notice right here. Sorry. When the spirit speaks, I just need to move. Stop right there. You'll notice he's saying, "I saw another mighty angel." So John is seeing angels descend up from heaven onto the earth. This is another one. If you'll read Revelation 9, you'll see that angel falling like a fallen star. Coming down upon the earth. You'll see brother Brandham is on earth at the time of this angel's coming. So there's a natural messenger on the earth. There's an angel on the earth. And I want you to know under this time and age, you got to be under three angels message. Some people have opted for just two angels message. But it's very important to be under the three angels message. Amen. Who are these three angels, you might ask? the mighty angel that came down in Revelation 10. The seventh angel. And the prophet of God, I want to read it right from him. Amen. Hallelujah. The prophet of God says this before I forget this. I want to read it for you so that you get it. Amen. [clears throat] He says, "Your pastor," you'll find this in the book, Revelation book of symbols, paragraph 58. He said, "Your pastor, when he stands here on the platform ministering the word of God, he is God's angel to the church. Messenger to the church." So I don't understand why some people don't want to have a pastor. Amen. So they are not under the angel to the church. So you need to be under the mighty angel who gave the message to the seventh angel and the pastor standing there. Here's the quote. Standing there on the platform ministering the word of God. He is God's angel to the church, messenger to the church. So we are so glad that we under the three angels message. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's continue reading. Amen. So what we said was there are angels that are descending from heaven but here comes another mighty angel. This was no ordinary angel. He was clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head and his face was as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. Oh, what an angel this is. Amen. This is not a soft angel with wings just flying and flapping singing holy, holy, holy. This is a different kind of angel. Amen. This is not an angel who worships before the presence of God, but this is God himself in the form of an angel. Amen. And he had in his hand a little book open, and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth and cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. Hallelujah. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. Amen. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not." Amen. May the Lord add blessings to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Hallelujah. You know, when I was reading this quote, I my mind went back to brother Joshua and brother Jaff because when I read the quote, you know, brother Joshua specifically, I think it was I think brother Jaff had a similar experience when they walked into that convention that year. They heard a specific voice and specific word spoken to them. You can ask them what it is if you forgotten after the service. But as I read this port, you'll find that when the angel is telling this brother a certain thing, you'll hear it's exactly the same angel speaking. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So you find here on the in the message on the wings of a snow white dove, there's a brother who left denominationalism and he wants to hear more about the message of the hour. So he's going downtown looking for the church. He hasn't been given the location. So he seen people gathered and he inquires and he says, "Is this where Billy Brandham is going to preach?" And they said, "No, this is where Billy Graham is preaching by the way of a flim." And I'm afraid many people looking for Billy Brandham preaching this morning. When they knock on their door, they're going to say, "This is where Billy Brandom is preaching by the way of a tape." Amen. But the angel didn't want him to stay where the film was being played. He said, "Well, I'm sorry. I got the wrong place." So, you tell them when you go there and you're playing that, "Sorry, I got the wrong place." Nothing against it, right? But we got to come by God's provided place. Amen. He said, "Now, where can I go, Lord?" He started to walk up Texas Street and there was a big white cross up on a church and the Lord told him just keep walking. When he got to the church where brother Brandham was preaching, he saw a bride and groom coming out of the church. Amen. [laughter] Amen. That's right in line with what we've been preaching. Queen of Queens, a marriage, Amen. ceremony taking place on the earth. And what did the Lord say? This is what I'm getting to now. The Lord says, "Now this what it is. You're coming out of denominationalism to enter the bride to go with the groom." Amen. Yes. Amen. [applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Isn't that in similar lines? Amen. Amen. This message, Amen, is a message that has come down from heaven. Amen. This is not a message made up by a seventh grade education Kuckian preacher. Amen. [clears throat] Amen. Amen. So my title this morning is on the wings of the mighty angel and for a subject I want to speak on a royal proclamation. Amen. Amen. Now a proclamation is an official formal public announcement. Now a proclamation I want you to know is different from a declaration. That's right. So he's not coming to make a declaration. He is coming to make a proclamation. Amen. And it's usually issued, a proclamation is issued by a person of authority to make certain announcements known. Yes. Amen. Now, before a proclamation is made either in trumpet sounds or I'm going to say it in this way, they cry with a loud voice. Amen. Amen. You know back in the day when there wasn't microphones and things they would say here he here he and everyone must give pay attention there's some important announcement to be made and if it's an important message from the king then everyone must be silent. Now, if you look at the way brother Brandham structured his message on the wings of a snow white dove, he takes you through the Bible and he shows you every time that dove appeared. Now, who is this snow white dove that brother Brandham is talking about, he's talking about God Almighty coming in the form of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So I am taking you this morning and I'm speaking on the wings of the mighty angel. And I'm going to show you every time that mighty angel came down, he brought a proclamation. Amen. The first proclamation he brought was announcing the birth of Jesus Christ. And that announcement came on the wings of a mighty angel. You find in Luke 1:26, in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel comes to that city Nazareth, and the angel says to Mary, "Hail, thou art favored. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women." Amen. And the angel says to Mary, "Fear not, Mary, for thou has found favor with God." Amen. And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus. Amen. The next time he brings a proclamation is at the birth of our Lord Jesus. And we know they there are shepherds in the country and they are in the field keeping watch over the flock by night. And lo, the angel of the Lord comes down, and the glory of the Lord shines round about them. And they were so afraid. And the angel of the Lord says to them, "Fear not, for behold, I bring to you good tidings of of great joy, which shall be to your people, for unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord." Amen. And this shall be a sign unto you. You shall be, you shall find a babe wrapped in swaddling cloths, lying in a manger. Amen. What was the angel's message? Messiah is on the earth now. Amen. Hallelujah. And the Bible says, Amen. that the shepherds got into action. They made a to go find where the babe lay. Amen. You find a few years later the wise men trying to follow that star and coming to Bethlehem that day made a proclamation where is he born king of the Jews. Amen. Amen. A proclamation. The next proclamation comes when this mighty angel at the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ in Matthew 28. You'll find it's the end of the Sabbath and it's beginning to dawn toward the first day of the week. This is taking place between 6:00 and 9 one morning. Amen. And Mary Magdalene comes and the other Mary and behold, there's a great earthquake, right? There's another one fixing to happen. Amen. And it's right in line without going away. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. If an earthquake struck when the head arose, there'll be another earthquake strike. Amen. When [clears throat] the bride is taken away. Amen. Amen. The Bible says here there was a great earthquake. Why was the earthquake? [laughter] What does the Bible say was the reason for the earthquake? For the angel of the Lord descended from heaven. Amen. Amen. and came and rolled back the stone from the door and sat upon it. Why was he doing it? He was not trying to release Jesus from being trapped within the tomb. Jesus could have passed through that wall and he did. The angel came and tore the seals open so that the person standing on the outside could see that he is not dead. Amen. But he is arisen. Amen. The same way when he comes to break the seal off of your life and he breaks all seven seals, it's for you to see, amen, that you have rights back to your inheritance and you don't have to lay dead in your dead denominational system in your man-made religion. But when he calls your name, you can go free. Amen. Amen. The Bible says his countenance was like lightning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now think of that Revelation 10 angel. His countenance is like lightning, his raignment white as snow. And for the fear of him the keepers did shake and became as dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the woman, "Fear not he. For no, for I know that you seek Jesus who was crucified. He is not here. He is risen as he said, come see the place where the Lord lay." Amen. Amen. Jesus Christ is risen from the dead. Amen. That's our message. Amen. That's the most victorious message that we have that he is now king of kings and he's lord of lords and he's still the risen savior. And he's still saving those that seek him. Amen. He is still calling the names that are found written in the book. Amen. The family album is not complete. Amen. Amen. So he is still calling names. Thank you, Lord. And until that last name is called, he will not stop. And neither should the bride stop. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. I want you to know this is the bride's revival. Amen. This is the time of the bride's revival. The greatest message that has ever struck the earth. Amen. Came by the shout of a mighty angel. Came when that seventh angel messenger began to utter his voice. Amen. And he began to turn our hearts, every predestinated seed, he began to turn our hearts back to the faith of the original Pentecostal fathers. Amen. All you got to do is subject yourself to that voice. That voice is designed to turn every predestinated son and daughter of God back your heart back to the original faith. Thank you, Lord. The trouble comes is when we reason with that voice. That's right. A trouble comes when we question the voice. When he says woman shouldn't wear pants, we question the voice. When he says man shouldn't have long hair, we question the voice. That's always the trouble when we question the voice that sent and designed to do a certain work. The Bible says that Malachi 4, what shall he do when Amen. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin a sound, mystery of God is finished. Amen. Elijah the prophet shall turn our hearts back to the faith. Let him do his work. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't stop the work. Oh, I said we are in a bride's revival. Amen. But some people are fixing for a 30-day revival starting today. Some of you laughing. You know where I'm going. Oh, they can't wait [clears throat] for today. 30-day revival. Life is going to come back to the body. For those of you who don't know, soccer world cup 2022. I want you to watch your husbands, your wives, your sons, your daughters at home and see how excited they're getting and I want you to go and needle them and say, "Why you don't perform like this in church?" Amen. Hurry. Hallelujah. They're fixing for a 30-day revival. And dare you switch that channel? Dare you change it? But I'm not talking about message believers. I'm talking about unbelievers because that don't happen amongst us. That don't happen here. 90 minutes fixated to a game, but we can't put on a prophet's message that's going to give us rapturing faith. You even want to watch the highlights. Now watch, there's going to be a transfer of spirits. Something that's being played thousands and thousands of miles away is going to create an atmosphere in your home, right? And people's temples are going to rage and fights are going to break out, right? And people are going to lose their lives when they in these taverns and these bars. Why? For a silly ball game. Amen. a little pigkin that they kicking around. Amen. So, go ahead, enjoy your revival. But we'll stick with the bride's revival. Hallelujah. Amen. It's the bride's revival. The spirit is moving all across the land. Amen. Amen. Oh, I I can sense some resistance here this morning. I want you to know, Amen. You're not supposed to be an unbeliever. Right. If you're going to go and resist, then the spirit of God's going to come and chop that thing right now. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Give me some relief. I just want to let go of the pressure. Brother Brandon told you how to let off the pressure. Amen. Amen. Surround yourself with the things of God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Why you want to let those people raise up your blood pressure? You can't even kick the ball straight. Now your blood pressure is going to rise. And it's going to go further than that, brother Sunonny. Some people are going to place bets now. You can do it on your phone at home. You just download the app. Sports betting at home. Must be some cockroach here, some devil here this morning. But the torch is being shown that way this morning. Don't lose your money. Yes. Use your money to pay your offerings, pay your tithes. Amen. Amen. Don't go give it to that. Now it's going kata over there. Hey, you're going to give the Muslims all your money. Amen. Hallelujah. Can we move on? Amen. Amen. Have we killed that spirit? Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, we are the royal seed of Abraham. How many of you agree? Amen. Royal seed of Abraham. But royal seed of Abraham is tied to an earthly kingdom. I'm trying to show you your position this morning. [laughter] Amen. [clears throat] Tied to an earthly kingdom. But I want the bride of Jesus Christ to know this morning that when this mighty angel came down from heaven, our domain extends from just the three-dimensional world. Amen. Because Abraham is royal seed, his inheritance to the earth. Amen. Amen. I know you're going to get it this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. It's tied to an earthly kingdom. So as children of Abraham, as royalty seed of Abraham, our inheritance is of the earth. Yes. But Christ has stretched that inheritance. Amen. Our domain now stretches far beyond the three-dimensional world. We are also the royal queen married to the king of heaven and that makes us the queen of heaven. Amen. I want you to know nobody, no other woman can make that boast. That we are rulers of the earth and also the queen of heaven. Amen. And heaven has a throne waiting for you to be seated upon. When you leave this three-dimensional world, you are going to a physical heaven and you're going to be seated with the King of Kings. And they have your place reserved. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you have reservations? Amen. There's a place reserved around that marriage table, that married supper table with your name on it. reserved for the royal queen of heaven. Can you imagine? Oh, what a glorious thing. I wrote the song a few years ago. I still have to find time to sing it. Amen. All I can find time for now is to prepare messages. Amen. But we'll find time to sing the song. And it's called Hello, Mrs. Jesus. Can you imagine? Amen. When we go to heaven and we are physically united with Jesus Christ. Church, I want you to know we shall physically see Jesus Christ. Amen. Some of us have got so accustomed to just being united with the word Jesus Christ. But I want you to know there will come a day, there will come a time when we'll be physically united with the Lord Jesus Christ and we shall look upon his face. Yes. And the Bible says he shall wipe away every tear from our eyes and he shall say weep no more. Amen. This life is full of trouble. This life is full of heartbreak. There's enough going on in this life. Amen. To to finish us sometimes to tear a man down, tear a woman down. But God is keeping us in this hour. That is why when we get to the other side and they begin to ask us, "How did you ever make it in that most evil age?" Amen. You mean you came out of that age? the most evil age when the god of that evil age was enthroned. Satan became incarnate in the pope. Yes. You mean you lived in that age? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So our kingdom stretches far beyond this three-dimensional world. We are the royal queen of heaven. Now when we come into kingdom life, kingdom authority, it requires a certain kind of a speech. Around the royal household, they have something called the queen's language. Yes. You cannot speak the ordinary language. Yes. It's the same way in the spiritual kingdom of God. We we cannot talk ordinary language of the common people. That is why you won't hear denominational talk here in the church. Neither in any messy church. That's common language. It's a common people. But here the queen of heaven is seated together in heavenly places and we have a royal language. Amen. He has changed our language. Amen. You try talking. You want to talk I English. You want to talk royal queen language. Talk about the seven seals. I'll tell you your language is very high. Yes. Talk about the seven church ages and the church age messengers. Amen. And how they overcame each age. Talk about the trumpets and talk about the vials. And talk about Revelation 10 and the mighty angel coming down. Yes. Hey, this guy went to uh private school. Yes. We had a private tutor. Amen. Our father paid for private tuition. and he sent him down on the wings of a mighty angel. He saw that you needed extra help. Amen. So he sent you for private tution. Amen. So when a person is born into a royal house, so whether he is born in a royal house or whether he is brought into the royal house by marriage, they must undergo training. What is the training for? To teach you about the royal life. That's right. To teach you about protocol. Amen. I think brother Joshua and them also they are taught because they sometimes accompany these provincial leaders and sometimes maybe even the president. They teach you a protocol what to do, what not to do. Amen. How to approach the king and the queen. They teach you that you cannot walk before the king or the queen. That shows disrespect. When you leave the room, you leave with your you don't turn your back and you leave. You leave with your face and you bow as you leave. Approach, respect, presence. They're teaching you about royal life. They're teaching you etiquette. They're teaching you the royal ways of the kingdom. And that's what the message of the hour came for. You know, when you were in the royal household, you can't dress any hour. Why you think the message started off with dressing? Amen. He started to teach us about royal life. Yes. Amen. There's a certain dress code for kings and queens. And this is how you dress. This is how you carry yourself out. No. No. We don't go out and we drink. We don't go out and we smoke. We don't go out and we gamble. Started to change our opinion and our thoughts about royal life. Amen. Some people cannot handle royal life. Yeah. Case in point, you know this woman? Yes. She wanted to sparkle, but they were cutting her down to size. She couldn't handle royal life, so she had to leave. Now, she took the prince of England away. And [clears throat] that's what will happen if you marry the wrong person. Can you imagine that guy? Tragedy can hit at any time. Even though he thinks he's so far down the line, tragedy can hit at any time and he could be the next king, but because of his wife, he can't assume the throne. So watch who you marry. Amen. Even in spiritually, I'm talking about watch who you marry. So we know now, Amen. They approached the king and queen. The message of the hour came to prepare us for royal life. And we said the message of the hour came on the wings of a mighty angel and he brought it down with a heavenly language that only royal descendants understand. Amen. Didn't they come to Jesus and say, "Oh, you're speaking in parables. We can't understand." But there was a time when Jesus spoke plainly to them and they said, "Now thou speakst plainly to us." Wasn't when we first came into the message, seals, thunders, vials, trumpets sounded foreign to us. It used to boggle our minds. Yo, this is higher grade stuff. But now, Amen. Now that we became accustomed to the language, now that the tutor has broke it down for us. Amen. Now we can understand clearly because to you it's given to understand the mysteries of the kingdom. Amen. Amen. Let's get to the crux of our message this morning. Amen. So what is he doing now? Notice if you had paid attention to every time he made a proclamation this angel what did he always say? Fear not. Fear not. Fear not. But here in Revelation 10 when he is coming he does not use the words fear not because his agenda is totally different. If I could describe the scene of Revelation 10, I would say it's in the midst of war. [clears throat] It's in militant situation. This mighty angel, like I said, is not flying around with fluffy wings. I'm putting a halo over your head. But the Bible says that he descends from heaven. Amen. Let's take it slow now. We said when the when he descended on the Jordan River that day and he came down on the winds of a dove. Amen. and he settled upon Jesus. What was he doing? Brother Brandham says he sent his love on the wings of a dove that was coming to do the first part of redemption. The scene is set now. Revelation 10, the battle is raging. Yes, there's a fight for your soul. Satan is going to make his final move. Amen. So the lamb must go to work and he's doing his mediatorial work for 2,000 years. But there comes a time when this mighty angel in Revelation 5, you'll hear there the Bible calls him a strong angel. But if you click on the Greek, he'll tell you he's a mighty angel. So the mighty angel is saying, "Who is worthy?" There's an urgent cry. Yes. Why? There are people on the earth who are being overtaken by the powers of the earth. Right. Yes. That writer is writing. Who's worthy to take the book? We need the redeemer to come quickly. It's an urgent cry. There's a quick search done, search heaven, search the earth. When they say they search beneath the earth, they are talking about the realm of the dead. They go to that paradise and they are looking. They're looking in the sixth dimension for somebody that's worthy to take the book. Even sixth dimension saints are not worthy to take the book. And here comes the high priest because now his sacrifice is accepted and he comes back out of that sanctuary. Bells ringing on his feet because he is alive. The bell signified if he was dead or not. But don't you hear the bells now ringing? Amen. Don't you hear the [singing] angel singing? Amen. He's coming back out of the sanctuary. And when he's coming back out, John is weeping. Yes. And the angel tells him, "Don't weep, John." One of the elders tell John, "Don't weep. For the lion, the tribe of Judah hath prevailed. Amen. Watch his title. As lion of the tribe of Judah, he is king. Yes. But John, who the type of the bride, turns and he looks and he sees the lamb as though it had been slain. Yes. Very important because he's typing two son of son ministries there. one son of David. But when the bride is looking, she still sees him as son of man. Okay? When she looks, she sees a lamb as though it had been slain. So he goes and he takes the book from the one who has the original title deed, which is God Almighty in spirit form. Amen. We preach this many times and we told you it's not the book changing hands but it is the one who has the book changing form. Amen. Amen. Amen. So he takes the book and in symbol type you'll read there in Revelation 6 he starts to break those seals in symbol. Yes. But even as a symbol type John just wrote what he saw in symbols but never understood the interpretation of that symbol. That's right. But here now he comes in Revelation 10. The same one who came out of the sanctuary. Same one who took the book now comes down in the form of a mighty angel. Amen. Brother Brandon says only Christ it could be. Hallelujah. So watch the thought and the point. When he came at the Jordan River, he came down on the wings of love. He came, he sent down his love on the wings of a dove. Now that he's coming in Revelation 10, on the wings of a mighty angel, he is coming with judgment. Yes. Yes. Amen. This is the Goel. Who is the Goel? The Goel is the same redeemer. Boaz was both redeemer and Goel. The Goel is the avenger. The redeemer is not only one full of love. Yes. But with redemption comes judgment. Amen. Amen. So this time he's not coming down on the wings. Amen. Sending down his love on the wings of a dove. But this time he sends judgment on the wings of the mighty angel. And when he comes on the earth, the earth is chaotic. Yes. Men's hearts are failing for fear. Demon powers are let loose on the earth. The kingdom of God is suffering violence. and the violent are taking it by force. Amen. Hell is let loose upon the earth. Morals are corrupted. It's another Sodom and Gomorrah condition again. The messenger of the age has been rejected by the later and Christ is put outside of the church. Yes. That is the condition when the angel descends. And he's coming with fierce wrath. His coming is swift. The prophet when he saw him coming he said before I could bling my eyes he says they came angels said great big wings in a constellation. Amen. What is he coming to do? To execute judgment on the earth. He's not coming on a picnic. Yes. Amen. He's not coming for a social visit. Amen. This same angel descended to Abraham under the same conditions. Amen. The same conditions existed when he descended to Abraham. Sodom was ready for the judgments of God and Abraham and Sarah were ready for the body change. What's the contrast? If you can see the solemn condition, how many of you can testify that the world is in a sodom condition? Amen. Come on now. How many of you can testify the world is in a solemn condition? Then there's a group of people who's ready for the body change. Amen. Has to be scripture cannot be broken. Amen. So with one visit, with one coming of the mighty angel, he is appearing before two people. He appears to Abraham and Sarah and he brings them a rapturing faith message. Amen. And with the same visit, he lets Abraham know about the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. Yes. The same thing happened in Revelation 10. One descent, but doing two works. Yes. Amen. Bringing title deed back to the bride. Bringing back title deed. Amen. To the royal descendants of heaven. Amen. And bringing judgment to the world. Amen. What is it? Amateur tribulation. Let's go to the quote. Amen. In uh Christ is the mystery of God revealed paragraph 603. He says, "And the church becomes the word by him making her a part of him." So if you ever want to know now learn from these things how if you're saying why how do I become the word? He says by making her a part of him and that's the word again personally identified by him. I'm showing you the reason why he descends with such ferociousness. Here it is. his property alone. You are his property alone. Amen. He will not allow any other man to put his hand on you. Amen. Amen. She is redeemed by him. Through him, for him, and for him alone. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. No one can touch you. I'm going to read it again. The Bible says you are his property alone. Sorry, the property saying you are his property alone. His property alone. She is redeemed by him, through him, for him, and for him alone. That's right. That then what is the devil howling about? Okay, let me read that right. He said that's what the devil is howling about. That's why he's in a raging fit right now. because the mighty angel has descended to claim his property and he can't get to you. He said what the devil is howling about that is being revealed. He says we're in dangerous time. Remember the scripture says when these things begin to happen, time is no more. What am I trying to do while via this quote? We're just not reading a quote for the sake of reading. I'm trying to show you the conditions on the earth at the time when this angel is coming. We are speaking about on the wings of the mighty angel. He says she is fading away. When we see the manifestation earthquakes, you see them thousands killed the other day. Earthquakes in diverse places. Fearful sights in the sky. Pillars of fire like floating around like flying saucers. They don't know what it is. They don't have an idea. Did you notice the angels that come down investigated Sodom before Sodom was destroyed? You remember that? There was a bunch that come down, three of them. One of them stayed with Abraham. You remember that? There were lights from heaven. That one came down in investigating judgment. Amen. Amen. So we are learning now that this angel is not coming on a picnic. If you watch with what ferociousness is coming to it now he says look now watch if you go and Google this when did they first sight flying saucers angels you'll see it's around the time brother Brandon goes into the ministry because angels are coming down to meet with him in the cave angels are appearing He says look what they found around the Pentagon things they find them that's the world judgment Sodom and there is one represented who will be represented amongst the churches will be Christ himself vindicating himself sights in heaven above and signs in the earth below certainly oh the devil is howling about this yes the manifested truth of the promise of the word in everyone. Sure. Where's the word found? There's another quote where he says, "The word is in the bride as it was in Mary." Here again, let me read it. The manifested truth of the promise of the word in her alone. Amen. The word is in you alone. Amen. In paradox 270, he says, "We see the world geographically. We see the signs, earthquakes in diverse places, nations against nations. Right now, it's happening. We see all these things that's predicted. We see fearful sights in the skies, man's hearts failing, flying sauces and so forth that they can't explain. Investigating judgments coming to the earth." Yes, we see the atomic bombs hanging out yonder. Do you hear it being announced? Atomic bombs. Atomic bombs everywhere. And the great missiles can carry total destruction in an hour. You see, they can't even control their missiles. You saw the Ukrainian missile went and bombed Poland. Now, whether it's a mistake or not, people still died. That's right. Property was still damaged. We see the gases hanging above us there that would rain down the that would rain the fires down out of heaven and destroy the earth. Right. In question and answers you say now in the days in the in this last days the logos that was upon Jesus which he has become from that back to the pillar of fire again has descended down on the earth. Amen. For an investigating judgment. One more quote just to finalize what this points on investigating judgment. This is and knoweth it not 269. The world don't know what that is. You know, you know it's on. We know what it is. That's why I say royal language for us. Amen. We know what it is. You see all this time I was saying the devil is howling, howling, howling. You saying, "Where is the devil howling?" Didn't you see? Believe the sign. Howling. Didn't you see them trying to blast it all over the internet? What are they doing? They're howling because people know what this is. He says the world don't know. You know it's on. We know what it is. See, we know it's investigating judgment angels and how at the Pentagon and all about how it come right down and the intelligence how they go like a flash before and be gone. You must have seen those videos. They're looking and they're fliming this light and suddenly it's gone. He says they go like a flesh and be gone. Pulling away from anything they got. Brother Brandham snaps his fingers. They don't realize what it is. Let them think whatever they want to. They call it flying saucers. They don't know. Now, when the angel is here, we've got to let the angel lead the way. Yes. Amen. That is why we do not we do not have a roster. I cannot predict and tell you the next five services what is going to be preached. Because when the angel of the Lord is here, we let the angel of the Lord lead. Let's find it in my angel shall go before thee. Next quote, if you've got it there, he says the trouble of it, we try to get ahead of the angel. You see, even if he called us to preach, we must wait for the angel. Amen. Because the prophet says, "She has thus said the Lord or she keeps still." Amen. So sometimes even even when I was not the pastor if I didn't have a message I do not jump at every opportunity pastor Ronnie asked me to preach if I didn't have a message I would tell him sorry I don't have anything she keeps quiet if she don't have thus sayith the lord we don't look at just jumping up in the pulpit and preaching if a man knows that he has a message from the Lord he to bring it forth for the people amen so he says says, "Let the angel lead the way and he will lead us to the fountain of the water of life and give it to us freely." Amen. You see, if we let the angel lead the way, he leads us to the fountain of the water of life and we have it freely. Amen. Now, if you notice the scene, we're going to try and bring this to a close now and just highlight what he's doing here on the wings of a mighty angel. We're talking about the proclamation today. What is he doing? As soon as he descends, he roars because it's the lion of the tribe of Judah. He's bringing a proclamation from the throne room of heaven who said the one that's carrying the proclamation is an important figure. Now he's bringing an important message from heaven. Why is he roaring like a lion? The Bible says he cried with a loud voice like when a lion roar. There's chaos on the earth. There's too much noise upon the earth. And in the jungles of Africa, not these zoo lions now, in the jungles of Africa, when the lion roars, everything shuts up. Yes. Amen. An important message from the king. Everyone must shut up. Everything must shut up. I'm going to say something now. Even heaven goes silent at this proclamation. Amen. Amen. Amen. I've said enough there. That's a big chunk of meat right there. Amen. When the lion roars, why will heaven go silent if that's not the king? I just tried to explain to you that you are both royal queen of heaven and earth. Now that he roars on the earth, even heaven pays attention. Yes. Amen. Silence on the earth. Silence in heaven. What is he doing? The mighty angel roars like a lion. Everything shuts up. Amen. We said, you know, the lion is the king of the jungle. So too is the lion of the tribe of Judah, king. He's king of kings. Amen. But his subjects are not the only ones on the earth alone. But he has royal subjects in heaven. Amen. And even they silent. The prophet describes it this way. in a suspense of time in that moment where everything hangs in the balance he's coming to execute judgment on the earth and he's also bringing title deed back to Adam's fallen race because redemption is the greatest thought of God it's the ultimate plan so they want to see how it all ends I want you to know we are in the final act this is the end these are the closing scenes So when he comes to return title D to the royal descendants, what must he do? I told you it's chaotic. The greatest battle is being fought. So he descends with one foot on the one beast and one foot on the other beast. Yes. Yes. Amen. Amen. They are rising up out of the the earth. One out of the earth, one out of the sea. So he descends and he puts his foot on there. Amen. And as long as his feet is on their head, as long as his feet is on their head, they cannot operate with the full authority they want to. That's why you see America trying to flex their muscle, but they don't know. They they are singing, I was shackled by a heavy burden. The pope is singing, "Need [singing] the Lord of the mighty angel." Then the mighty angel crushed me. And now I'm no longer the same. For he crushed me. Oh, he crushed me. They are feeling the weight of the mighty angel. Their wrath cannot be unleashed upon the earth as long as that mighty angel is here. As long as they're the people. Amen. Why is he so angry? This angel. Why is he so ferocious? Because of you and I. He's descended in this hour because of you and I. Amen. And he's come to take control. So that you can go free. Amen. Do you know if the angel didn't descend and he just sent his word by a man, you wouldn't have been able to get to that word. Satan would have overcome you on every trial, every circumstance because you are still in a flesh body fighting fleshly battles. But he must come to contain those two powers like he ascended that descended that day in the midst of Joshua's camp. He's come to set the battle in the rain so that you can have the victory. Amen. Let's move. So as long as his head is on on these two beasts here, they cannot rise to full authority yet. That is why they are trying to change laws and move. Amen. To change laws, but they are not fully in control. Amen. Amen. It was time for the mighty angel to come down. Same thing happened when they tried to throw those three Hebrew boys into the fiery furnace. Amen. This was not a job for an ordinary angel. So God said, "I will go down myself." Amen. And as they began to take these three boys and they're about to throw them in, they just threw them in and there's a four man in that furnace. Hallelujah. Amen. Even the ones that bow down before the image that was set before them got burnt. Yet the fire was not meant for them. There's a type right there. The ones, you know, that were trying to bind these three Hebrew boys and throw them in. The Bible says the fire was so hot that they got burnt. Yes. Amen. But did they bow down before that image? They had to bow down because there's only three that didn't bow down that day. So even these people that were binding them. So I'm trying to show you that those that bow down before the image of the beast will be burnt. Yes. Amen. And the ones that do not bow down will be saved. Amen. Amen. Amen. So right now they are changing laws trying to control but they do not know what this heavy burden is. It's the mighty angel. Amen. So the royal subject must be taken off the earth and he's going to do it in a royal fashion. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's go to brother Caleb. Let's go to I don't have it there on the slide. Let's just type it up. Psalm 50. I want to show you this condition. Why it's so temptious around and why is it so fierce and so rare? Amen. Why is he roaring like a lion? Why is seven thunders roaring their voices? It's a battle. If a trumpet blows an uncertain sound, who shall prepare for battle? But the seven thunders come to sound a certain sound. He says here of the mighty God. This is the same one that descended. Now is David in the Psalms a prophetic writer? Yes. Amen. So here he is writing about Revelation 10. The mighty God even the Lord had spoken. Did he cry with a loud voice? And called to the earth from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof. Did he raise his hands up to heaven? out of Zion the perfection God had the perfection of beauty God had shined right so it go straight to you the bride now that's what he's coming for he says our God shall come and shall not keep silence a fire shall devour before him is his feet like flames of fire so it must be pretty hot on those two beast head a fire shall devour before him and it shall be very tempest estuous round about him. Amen. He shall call to the heavens from above and to the earth that he may judge his people. Here's the rapture now. Gather my saints together unto me, those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice. Amen. What a prophetic writer this is. Amen. Gather my saints together. The rapture them that have made a covenant. Blood covenant, blood covenant, sacrifice of the lamb. Amen. With me by sacrifice. Amen. Hallelujah. So you can see Revelation 10. He's coming to execute judgment. He's coming on the wings of a mighty angel. Now what is he coming for? Let's bring this to a close. The Lord is going to pronounce a final victory. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's what we are moving towards right now. Oh army of the living God, march forward. We are heading to our final victory. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What is the final victory? The voice of the archangel. One of these days he's going to call the names of the ones that is found in the book and out of the graves and out of the dust of the earth are going to come forth bodies. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. The Bible says he shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel and with the trump of God. The shout is to gather the living saints. That's already taken place. That is still going on right now. But then the ministry will change to the voice of the archangel and he shall call to the sixth dimension. And he shall call Amen. And from the dust of the earth, 16 elements shall come forth. Amen. They could have been thrown into the deepest sea. They could have been ate up by lions. They could have been burned by fire. But when that voice of the archangel begin to call, amen, from the earth shall come forth, bodies that will be formed, amen, in the brilliance of the youth. And on that, amen, will come on the earth, bodies standing there. Amen. And then from that six these bodies cannot operate on their own. Amen. So he will empty out that sixth dimension and their theophony bodies will come down from that dimension and it will come down and merge with their flesh bodies on the earth and they will become a glorified body. Thank you Lord. Don't fear death. Amen. Brother Brandham says death is an open doorway. Yes. Amen. The voice of the archangel is going to call for the names that are found in the book. The sleeping saints names are found in the book. Amen. So you must call their names as well. And they shall come forth. Amen. Hallelujah. And that is going to be the final victory. So I want to sum it up by this and tell you he came with a message of love on the wings of a dove. But he comes now with judgment on the wings of a mighty angel. He did the same thing in the days of Abraham. The only thing this time Abraham and Sarah were having a body change to bring forth a natural son. The only thing in the type is here. He's bringing a message of our body change and we will be united with the son. Amen. I'm going to close with this thought I had on the way to church. Why are there only seven steps to perfection? And what happens after perfection? After perfection, he comes down and he caps the lives of the believers. There's seven steps and then the capstone is Christ. A man who reaches perfection, a man who comes into the image and likeness of God, he cannot be contained or restricted by a three-dimensional world. Amen. I've said enough. Let's stand. That's too powerful right there. We are climbing up to perfection. Yes. a man who comes into perfection. And that's the man Enoch was. Amen. Three dimensional world couldn't keep him bound. Amen. [laughter] Amen. Amen. [applause] Amen. So, let's keep climbing. Amen. Let's keep moving up to perfection. Yes, Lord. This world cannot defy you. Gravity will not be able to defy you. Amen. You shall be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. The message came on the wings of a mighty angel. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Brothers, you know, this is not the end. You know, we can go on and on and on and on. Amen. There's so much in the word. [music] We can just have a jubilee right now. Amen. But we just also want to go into [music] the baptism as well. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed [music] be the name of the Lord. Let's see what's the attraction on that mountain. While the world is groping in darkness and don't even know what this attraction is, we know what's [singing and music] the attraction on that mountain. [music] What's going [singing] on on Mount [music] Sunet? God [singing] has come down to vindicate [music] his word. It's uniting [singing] time for Christ and his bride. Oh, [music] what's the [singing] attraction on that mountain? [music] What's going on [singing] on [music] Mount Sunet? The God has [singing] come [music] down to vindicate his word. It's uniting [music and singing] time for Christ and his bride. [music] Amen. Let's bow our heads for prayer. Amen. And if you want to be remembered in prayer and you say, "Lord, [music] I see with what ferociousness you have come down in this hour. You've come to silence your critics. You've roared like a lion." [music] Amen. Seven thunders begin to utter their voices. [music] And when the lion roars, he strikes fear in that jungle. Everything must shut up. He's coming with a proclamation. He's coming with a message of the hour. Amen. That's what the mighty angel has descended for. [music] And I want you to know the proclamation is the message of the hour. [music] Amen. He's come with a mighty proclamation, a shout to gather the living saints. [music] Amen. Don't miss it for anything, dear brothers and sisters. Don't miss it for anything. Don't fool around with the world and all that it has to offer. Let's get our lives right with God. Let's let's not see how far away we can get from God, but let's see how close we can get to God. Amen. Amen. Let's not now that we've come so far, try to backslide and just take ease. Amen. Don't be like that man who said, "Oh, soul take thy ease. Let me tear down these barns and build bigger barns." No. Let's see how close we can get to God. Let's walk. This road is a narrow way. It's a hard way. It's a narrow way. [singing] Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And if the mighty angel has roared over your life this morning, maybe you're just been in a slump, in a condition, but the angel has roared to remind you that these are the closing scenes and the royal proclamation has been made. Amen. Then get back in line. Step back in line. [music] It's time to move, church. It's time to move. Not time to play. It's time to move. There's a great battle. Amen. There's a great army marching. No time to slack down. [music] No time to set up tent. Time to move. Amen. [music] Hallelujah. You want to raise your hand at this time and say, "Lord, I have a need. I have a desire. Speak to me. Lord, I want a closer walk with you." You can raise your hand at this time even as we pray. Great God, heavenly father, we come before you and we thank you, Lord, for your word, Lord. It's so powerful. It's so quick. It's so sharp, oh God, that it can discern our hearts and our thoughts. Father, I pray, Lord, this morning, Father, even as their hands are raised, that you will meet them at the point of their need. Lord, we know, Father, their needs may defer one from another. But you are the mighty angel who is in the midst right now. And you came with a message of proclamation on the wings of that mighty angel. And you are here right now, Father. And Lord, your angel wing can touch them right now. Father, your hand can touch them right now, oh God. And Father, your hand can touch their lips of clay right now, Father, with a call from heaven, oh God, that they'll say, "Woe is me. I'm a man of unclean lips. And I dwell in a land of unclean people." Amen. Father, even as Lord, we believe it's a prophetic outpouring this morning. Father, you are right in line, right in step, Father, with the progression of the church, oh God. We believe it's the angel of God leading us every step of the way. And I pray Lord that you would meet us at the point of our need. I pray you will heal the sick, oh God. Every sick person, oh God, I pray, oh Lord, that right now, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus, they will receive the healing. They will receive a miracle touch from the Lord, oh God, and they will be made every withhold. Father, I pray, Lord Jesus, that you will, Father, give them a closer walk with you, Lord. And may there be a double portion anointing come upon them, Father. Those that desire a closer walk with you, grant to them the desire of their heart. Glo those that Lord desire, Father, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Father, I pray you'll fill them up, oh God. And those, Father, I pray, Lord, for our dear sister Jayen and Janice, oh God, even as Lord, they made this decision, Lord, to come into that watery grave and will die to themselves, oh God, and will go, Lord, through, Lord, that burial process, Father, and shall be resurrected in you. I pray Lord that you will come down Lord like you came down Lord on the day of Pentecost and fill them Lord with your anointing father. Fill them with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. May there be daughters of God who stand in this hour Lord as a testimony to the world of your salvation power and what you are doing in this day Lord Jesus. And I pray Lord that you'll bless them all the days of their life. Bless them every step of the way. Whatever decisions they make in life oh God I pray you'll bless their plans, bless their purposes Lord. Lord, even as they seek your face, Lord, bless, Lord, the mom and dad, oh God, I pray, Lord, even as they have raised up their daughters, Lord, in the admonition and fear of the Lord, I thank you, Lord Jesus, for their lives. And I pray, Lord, that you'll bless them, Lord, even as they have raised up these two young daughters, Father. I pray, Lord, and Lord, I'm sure they dedicated them to you, [music] Lord, many years ago. And now, Father, they come back to you to be baptized in your name, oh God. [music] We give you glory and we give you praise, oh God. We pray Lord that you would bless each and every one of us, the hearer of the word. And even as we further continue now, we pray Lord that you'll bless us in this time. Even as Lord, the angels of God are rejoicing in heaven. We rejoice here on the earth, oh God. We bless your name and we pray you'll be with us now for the remainder of this meeting. We ask these blessings in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. God bless you. Amen. So, we do have the baptismal pool out here. Amen. [music] We thought it might be inconvenient if we had gathered somewhere else to do the baptism [music] and we really wanted you to witness the baptism and be a part of it. Amen. So, we made it convenient for everyone and we'll go now straight to the baptism. Amen. We can just greet one another outside but [music] I don't want you to start to talk other stories and other things. Just be in [singing] the frame and right mind of the service. [music] Just greet one another. God bless you. Give them a smile. You're allowed to smile. Amen. And then we'll just gather around the baptismal pool there and we'll do the baptism. God bless you. [music] Amen. The Lord bless you and keep you. Amen.
