################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-07-31 - A Double Portion Anointing  Pastor Adrian Gengan - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-07-31
Title:    A Double Portion Anointing | Pastor Adrian Gengan
Speaker:  Adrian Gengan
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1XYBriTsGg
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
the way Father [Music] Morning. May we draw virtue from you this morning. Amen. You are wonderful Jesus. [Music] me not. Oh gentle s [Music] my god is thou holy do not Let's raise our hands now. [Music] [Applause] Savior my heart will cry. one others now according [Music] to the blessing. Lift me at thy throne of mercy. [Music] Find the sweet [Music] there in deep [Music] have my arior [Music] [Applause] [Music] sing [Music] Your god is thou but holy. [Music] Do not pass me. Trusting only thy merit. Trusting only in thy merit. through I see thy face. [Music] Heal my wounded broken spirit and save me my life. Oh precious [Music] will [Music] now falling. Oh to not. Let's play gently now as the voices singing out. Savior, [Music] Savior, [Music] my humble cry. [Music] on others. Thou art pouring. [Music] Do not pass me by. He is on others. Thou art. do not pass by. Hallelujah. I've come expecting Jesus. [Music] I've come expecting God. The sweetest soul is here. [Music] I'm desperate for your touch [Music] and I know you're more than able [Music] to meet me in this place. [Music] I've come expecting Jesus. [Music] I've come expecting. Amen. As we call our pastor amen forward now. Let's sing it out. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting God. [Music] Speed is holy spirit. [Music] I'm desperate for your [Applause] [Music] name. Amen. He's the only one that's able. [Music] Hallelujah. I've come expecting Jesus. Come expecting Jesus. Amen. I've come expecting God. I've come expecting. Let's sing. Oh, hell. Oh, hell Jesus. Oh, [Music] he's the king of kings. Oh, praise the Lord. Worship the Lord. Give glory that his name. Oh, bless the name of the Lord. As you all eternity, [Music] I want to praise him and forever more and forever more. [Music] I shall reign with [Music] Hallelujah. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel this morning. Father, we lift up our hands to you, oh God. From whence cometh our help, oh God. And Lord, we just want to bow our heads to the dust of the ground from where you have taken us, Lord. Realizing that we are nothing without you, Lord. We stand here today, Lord, well in our bodies because of your grace upon our lives, Father. And we know, Lord, when our time on earth is done, Lord, you will call us away to our place of rest, oh God. But while we have breath in our lungs, we want to give you praise, oh God. And Lord, we want to come and serve you, Lord, to worship you, Father. And Lord, even sit around your feet this morning, around your precious word, oh God, that you have delivered to your people, Father. I pray Lord you'll come once again and speak to us through your word oh God and I pray you'll bless the gathering together of the saints father Lord even as our needs to fall one from another father I pray you will come down great Jehovah Gyra and meet us to the point of our needs we want to say we love you we appreciate you Lord we thank you Lord for the brothers and the sisters in this assembly Lord we pray for them we pray you'll bless them Lord Jesus and father I pray oh God that you would come now the mighty angel of God and speak to us through your word. We ask his blessings now in the name. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Good to be back in the house of the Lord to worship him and give him praise. Amen. So, greet you all. Amen. In the name that is above every other name. Amen. And I pray that we are praying for one another. Everyone praying for one another. Amen. Amen. Praying for one another. Amen. Praying for yourselves. The Bible says pray always. Amen. Hallelujah. And even as we see the day fast approaching. Amen. We ought to pray even more earnestly. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles this morning. Amen. We'll start reading at 2 Kings chapter 2 and verse 8. Amen. 2 Kings chapter 2 and verse 8. We'll speak this morning little thought a double portion anointing. Amen. That's what we have. We have a double portion anointing. Amen. 2 Kings chapter 2 and verse 8 reads. And Elijah took his mantle and wrapped it together and smoked the waters. And they were divided hither and tither. And so that they too went over on dry ground. And it came to pass when they were gone over that Elijah said to Elisha, "Ask what I shall do for thee before I be taken away from thee." And Elisha said, "I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me." Amen. Amen. Amen. Mhm. And he said, "Thou has a thing. Nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee. But if not, it shall not be so." Amen. And it came. So what is he saying? You got to stick with the prophet. You can't let your eyes get distracted and take your eye off the prophet. Watch his every movement. Amen. So he says, "And it came to pass as they still went on and talked that behold there appeared a chariot of fire and horses of fire." Glory and part of them bought a thunder and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven. Examine that, scientists. Where did the chariots appear from? Amen. Where did the horses of fire appear from? Amen. And where did Elijah go? In a whirlwind into heaven. Amen. And Elisha saw it. Critics in the message room and say, "We want the evidence of it." Amen. But we got to take the Bible's account. And Elijah saw it and cried, "My father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof." And he saw him no more. And he took hold of his own clothes and rent them in two pieces. And he and stood by the bank of the Jordan. Notice he took Let's drop my volume a bit. Amen. And notice he took the mantle of Elijah. Amen. The mantle of Elijah is not laying in the grave. Amen. The mantle of Elijah is being passed on. Amen. Amen. He fell from him and went back and stood by the banks of Jordan. Now notice as mysterious and supernatural as Elijah is taken up, the mantle fell down. Amen. Amen. He says he also took up the mantle of Elijah that fell from him and went back and stood by the bank of Jordan. And he took the mantle of Elijah that fell from him and smoked the waters. Amen. Amen. And said, "Where is the God of Elijah?" Amen. And when he also had smitten the waters, they parted hither and thither. And Elijah Elisha went over. Amen. Amen. May the Lord have blessings to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Amen. Now, whatever you read there, that's exactly what's going on now in the message. Amen. Amen. Elijah's mantle has fallen. The bride has got a hold of that mantle. Amen. Amen. But I want to ask you, have you smoked the waters? Amen. Have you used the power that's laying in the message of the hour? Amen. We can walk around with Elijah's mantle and never use the mantle. But we've got to use the mantle that's been passed on to us. Brother Brandon said, "The bride under a messenger will become the final voice to the final age." Hallelujah. You cannot change that quote. Amen. Amen. Amen. That quote must come to fulfillment. Hallelujah. He did not say the tapes will be the final voice to the final age. Because that will be breaking Revelation 10. Amen. Amen. Revelation 10 ends with a commission given to John who is a type of the bride to prophesy again. Amen. And once that prophecy is finished, next comes Revelation 11, which is the two prophets to the Jews. Yes. Amen. So, Revelation 10 ends with the bride's prophecy. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I also want to say that the bride's prophecy is not a mysterious prophecy and a sealed prophecy. Amen. Yes. Amen. Amen. Because all the mysteries of God have been revealed. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So we find that the word must position us in our ought to be condition. Amen. Now it's not just any word. Everybody's got the written word. Amen. Anyone wants to go and buy a Bible, even give the Bibles free, they have the written word. Amen. So what when we are saying the word must position us, you know, ought to be conditioned, we are talking about the right kind of word. Amen. A word that was promised to believers, right? Amen. Now, everyone that's preaching the word has an objective and aim. Amen. Some seek man-made objectives to control the people with their idea. So the people end up glorifying and worshiping the idea more than worshiping God. Amen. Amen. Amen. The church will preach a word so that you can denominate around their creed and their dogma. And make you believe that you can find salvation in their church denomination. Amen. Amen. Because that is the word the people are receiving and the people start to worship that idea that if you don't fellowship with us you cannot find salvation. Some say outside of the Baptist church you cannot find salvation. Outside of the Methodist church, the Presbyterian church, the Anglican church, the Catholic Church, right? Amen. Amen. The Jehovah Witness Church, the Seventh Day Adventist are teaching you their gospel as truth. and they will point you to their organization or their lodge. Amen. But we know that these branches are grafted into the original vine. And they are living of the original life. Amen. Amen. Now we are in our time. At our time you'll find that they cannot produce the fruit of the original vine. Amen. Amen. harvest time. You can't hide the fruit. Amen. It's manifestation time. Amen. And the fruit that they bring forth will be a denominational fruit. And only the original branch as the original life flowing through the original seed which will bring forth the original fruit which is the life of Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Now I want to break that down further. When I'm saying people are worshiping an idea more than worshiping God. If I take take an idea and I tell you that you must only listen to control worship now to the prophet's message at 2:00 on a Sunday evening. What is that? Now, everyone who subscribes to that idea is promoting that idea. Anytime you talk to them, they'll only promote that idea. Even when they listening to that tape, they're not listening to what the prophet's saying. They are more satisfied that they are following that idea. Amen. They feel justified. Oh, I'm just doing what I'm supposed to be doing. Do you get my thought? They're worshiping the idea more than worshiping God. Amen. It should also we should also take introspection this morning because we subscribe to the idea and the word of God that we should not forsake the assembling together of ourselves even as the man of some is. Yes. But we mustn't just worship the idea of coming together and feel oh we did our religious duty. When we come into the house of God, we must worship him in spirit and in truth. We must give it our all. Hold nothing back when it comes because we know that faith cometh by the hearing of the word. Amen. So you can listen to any preacher, but the faith that you are going to produce out of that ministry may not be the same. You listen to a Baptist minister, you'll get a Baptist faith. You listen to an Anglican minister, you'll get an Anglican faith. But if you want rapturing faith, Hallelujah. There's only one channel and source it's coming out of. Amen. So, the true wife of the Lord Jesus Christ only has an appetite for the true word of God. Amen. Yes. It's my duty as your pastor to tell you filter what you are listening to. Amen. We have to have a filter and filter out anything that's contrary to God's word. Yes. We ought to have discernment of spirit to know whether a minister be it outside the message or even in the ranks of the message is sewing seeds of faith or sewing seeds of discrepancy. Try every spirit. Yes. Judas was in the church. Judas was performing signs, wonders, and miracles. The only time you could set Judas apart was in the upper room. Not in the upper room. In the last supper when Jesus told him go do what you must do quickly. Other than that you would have embraced Judas. You would have fellowship to Judas. You would have washed Judah's feet. Amen. And because Judas had the money bag, you know that he would order you your right kind of Nando's meal. So you would have been good to Judas. All right. So the right kind of word is giving the true wife of the Lord Jesus Christ the right kind of faith. We are talking about perfect faith. Amen. Translation faith, rapturing faith, something that has not been seen since Jesus and the disciples were taken up. Amen. So what you are believing sounds ridiculous to the world. Amen. Amen. Amen. So we are waiting for and we are hearing the word and we're getting rapturing faith to step into rapturing grace. Amen. This kind of faith is giving us grace to overcome. Amen. Overcoming power to overcome later. Amen. Yes. Amen. To overcome the world and all its temptation. Amen. Overcome the flesh. and live a life above reproach. Amen. Overcome sickness, overcome mind battles, to overcome mental oppression, to live a victorious life as an overcomer in Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. If we can find Amen. this quote, let's uh find this in uh the church age book. I'll start to read it. Now we said everyone's got an objective and a hand. Now we are following the message of William Marry and Brandham. Amen. Okay. We say that unreservedly. We say that without being ashamed. That is our prophet. Amen. He's a scriptural prophet. Amen. Amen. Revelation 10. That's why we are gathered at 10 manner. Amen. So let's listen to our prophet's objective and motive for preaching. You see, we can also start isms. You can find the smallest thing and start isms, right? I just clicked here when I drove into the yard. I saw Revelation 10 and the next one is verse 8. So we need to claim that property. So we have Revelation 108, right? He says, "Now listen to the prophet's objective. You want to know why you're following the message? Where is the prophet leading me to?" Right? Let's see what he says. He says, "Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization." Right? I have never done that and will not do that now. Amen. I want to accomplish there. This is what he wants to accomplish and men. Amen. Wherein men live according to his word. Now I don't know why people would find fault in that when he's one of the only close to the Lord Jesus Christ that so everybody see brother Brandham's objective and motive establish a relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You say if I go to denomination don't they also say that? No they are preaching another Jesus. That's right. That's right. They say but Jesus loves us. We cannot find security just in that statement that you are loved by Jesus. Because the Bible says that when Jesus saw the rich young ruler, the Bible says it's recorded there in black and white. That's right. Jesus looking upon this young man loved him. That's right. Amen. So is that the end of it? Just because Jesus loved him, did he find eternal life? No. The Bible also says God so loved the world, right? So you notice their message is but God loves us. Jesus loves us. Yes. But what's your response? That's the main thing. Now let's find this in the angel of God. We'll find the double anointing and we want to find who brother Brandon types Elijah and Elisha with. Amen. It says in the angel of God 1948 it says so the hour has come for the repeat of the Bible. Amen. Amen. And the fulfilling of the word. Yes. God promised that he was going to send a former reign and a latter rain. Amen. Now, we are the only people that's going to receive till later reign. In other words, a double portion. Amen. Through the church ages, they had one reign. Amen. They had the former rain. But in the latter reign was going to come the both the former and the latter rain. So he says here as he promised the former and the latter reign in the latter rain. In other words, a double portion. Amen. So remember what we're speaking this morning, a double portion anointing. So we have two reigns. So he says, "Like the garment of Elisha, when Elijah dropped it, Elisha picked it up and had a double portion." He was a type of the church and Christ. Christ was taken up. Amen. And the same spirit that was upon Christ is on the church tonight. It's on you this morning. Amen. Believe it. Amen. Receive it. Hallelujah. the works that I do, greater works than these shall he do. Amen. He said he he took the gun and struck the let the to be bold and fearless with the message of the hour. Amen. Hallelujah. We find in the manifestation of the spirit. Amen. 1951 he says God never takes his spirit from the earth. Right? God takes his man but never his spirit. Did you know that? For he took Elijah a double portion of Elijah's spirit come upon Elisha. Is that right? And several hunted to come out again in the last day. Amen. God takes his man but not his spirit. His spirit remains here. When the spirit's gone, the church is gone. Then everybody caught that. The only now go to the Jews. Amen. He says God takes his man but not his spirit. His spirit remains here. When the spirit's gone, the church is gone. Then there'll be no more salvation, no more care. Mercy is over. When is it gone? When the spirit leaves the earth. He says when the spirit's gone, the church gone. There'll be no more salvation, no more care. Mercy is over then. The spirit's gone. The Holy Spirit was an apostles is here tonight. The same Holy Spirit. God takes his man but never his spirit. some famous me artist. If I had his spirit and if I confess to have the spirit of Jesus Christ on us, we should do the things that Jesus did. Jesus said he can do nothing but message. Amen. Witnesses the message witnesses preached. Amen. 1953, 5th of April. Just want to read a bit here to show you the stages of the journey that led to the double portion anointing. So in paragraph 196, it says, "After the great prophet was taken and Elijah taken, Elisha took Elijah's place." Did we already establish that the church is Elisha? with that opening quote. The prophet said it, right? Elisha took Elijah's place. Oh, I can imagine this type of witness. One day he started off, he seen Elijah and he threw his mantle on him, blessed him. He killed the ox and made a sacrifice showing that all things of the world was dead behind him. That's the only way to come to God. Now watch, I'm going to give some advice. Kill everything behind you. Burn all the bridges. Amen. I left one uh tight rope there, Lord. Just in case I want to go back and smoke. Don't leave. Not even a tight rope. Amen. Don't lay that bottle up so you'll find it tomorrow. That one under your bed, get rid of it. Amen. Don't lay this other thing up so you'll find it tomorrow. Get rid of the thing. Burn it up. Now, I don't know what that is in your life, but stop holding on to it. Amen. He says, "Be a real witness. Come out, brother, barefooted. That's the way." Amen. I don't all come here next week barefoot until you like Shamb. Come out there barefooted. That's the way. Excuse those expressions. Excuse that expression. He says, "But that's the only way I know to say it. Things are going to happen around here." So watch now. He's typing this, right? They started from Gilgal. They went on to the school of the prophets. And I want you to notice when he got there to the school of the prophets, he said, "The Lord is leading me to Jordan." And this is the point we want to catch. Three stages that Elisha followed Elijah. And Elijah was the type of Christ. Elisha the type of the church. I got to go to Gilgal first. Now Gilgal is justification by faith. Amen. And then he said, "Now you stay here to the church." Amen. The young and the old prophet, a type of Christ in the church. And as he soul lives, I'll not stay here. I'm going with you. Amen. Now watch our prophet now. when he came with the message of restoration, he also took us back to Luther's message. Amen. But we didn't stay with the just shall live by faith. Amen. In fact, brother Brandon broke down justification even more more than what Luther broke it down when he said to be really justified is as though you've never done it in the first place. Amen. Amen. Now, we could have stayed at Luther's message, but we to not so we will not stay at Luther's message. Amen. That's the church. So, that's 204. Now, he says, "Keep your eyes on Jesus. Wherever he moves, go." If he goes out of the Methodist church, go right on with him. He goes out the Baptist church, go right on with him. He goes out of brand tabernacle. Go right on with him. Amen. Amen. I wonder if the absolute applies here. If he goes out of Brandham Tabernacle, go right on with him. I'll not leave you. No matter where mama belonged, where papa belonged. Do you know people still talk about that today? Right. I was talking to a guy on just yesterday and he was telling me he goes to the old apostolic church. I asked him, "Why do you go to the church?" He said, "Oh, I can't leave. You know, my mother's been going there all the time." You're in the 21st century. Spirits do not die. What the prophet is saying there still holds true today. Amen. He's saying, "Oh, my mama belong there. My papa belong there. Where this happened? I'll go with you. I'll not leave you." Hallelujah. So 205 he says come on and I'll follow. And he goes to the school of the prophets and he told him stay here. Now that's another stage in the journey. And some of the prophets said to Elisha do you know your master will be taken from you? He said I know but hold your peace. The brother says I like that. I'm going to stay right with him no matter what the rest of them say. Amen. Amen. Do you know your prophet died in a car accident? So what? Amen. John the Baptist head was cut off. Right. Peter was crucified upside down. Are you giving me a history lesson? In fact, I know more about Brother Brandon than you do that the car accident. Let me tell you more about his life. Amen. Amen. Elijah turned around and said, "Now you Terry here for God is sending me to Jordan, three places, justification, Gilgal, sanctification, the school of the prophet." So, brother Brandham also took us to Wesley's message, sanctification through the blood, but he also elaborated further on the blood. Yes. And he told us it's not the literal blood. The chemical of the blood is dried up. Amen. But it's the life that's in the blood that must come upon the believer. You see how he magnified their teachings. Right. Amen. Amen. But he's going to Jordan. So school of the prophet was sanctification and to the baptism of the Holy Ghost at Jordan where Jordan represents death. Amen. So he talks about Martin Luther, John Wesley, Pentecost down to the Jordan, a dying out time. So Elijah walked right down to the Jordan with Elisha. And when they got down to the Jordan, death, the last stage of the journey, old prophet reached over and pulled off his mantle, struck the waters, and the waters divided hither and thither, and the two walked across and was on dry land. The preachers stood afar, looked at them go across. Amen. Now when they got on the other side, I hope this soaks into the Brandham tabernacle plumbed down to the marrow of the bone. Not when he was at justification or the school of the prophet, that sanctification. Neither when he was on this side of Jordan. That's the Pentecostal outpouring. But after he crossed Jordan following every step of the way. Amen. Amen. You say, "I accept Jesus as my personal savior. I quit my bad habits, but come down to Jordan." Amen. Where you die out, where all the things of the world, all your friends and everything has forsaken you, keep your eye on him alone. Amen. Amen. 214 he says, "And after he crossed Jordan," then he said, "What will you that I do for you?" That's what Christ wants to know of the church this morning. Amen. And after you separated from the things of the world, after you become a new creature in Christ Jesus, after you're born again, filled with the Holy Ghost, crossed over Jordan, all the things of the world is dead behind you. Now ask what I can do for you. Hallelujah. Amen. I like this. Amen. He said, "That's a double portion of your spirit come upon me. a double portion cuz I want to witness that much more. Now you asked the hard thing but if you will see me when I go away it shall be when you asked what you shall have. Now brother you talk about a preacher watching the other one he was really watching him. That's what the church ought to be doing tonight for a double portion of the spirit is watching Christ. Amen. Watching the Holy Ghost the way it moves. Amen. Did everybody get what a double portion is? Amen. If you didn't, please read that again. A double portion is watching Christ. Amen. Watching the moving of the spirit. Amen. Keep your eyes on Jesus. 219, he says, "The trouble of it tonight, we got too many Christian people, professing Christians, got one eye on the world and the other one on the cross. You know what they call them who can look two different directions. So they got one eye on Christ the cross, the other eye on the world. Now when you look at a person like that, you don't know where they looking. Am I right? I'm clever. I look here the forehead. So they don't know where you're looking. Right. We got too many people. Now he says, "Oh, let your heart be single. Let your eye be single. Let your thoughts be single." Brother, that rubs in, but that hurts, but it's good. Amen. People want to follow their own idea. Amen. You give them advice, they just want to follow their own idea. Brother Brandham is giving us advice. Yes. But we still want to follow our own idea. I'll do it my way, Lord. I'll see you at the end. Right. So, Brother Brandon goes on to talk now and he tells you about our taking castor oil and all of these things may make it feel bad. The taste is bad, but the end result it's good for the system. It cleans out the system. Amen. So, let's go to 225. He says, "Oh, I want you to get this now." What a beautiful type. Elisha the young prophet then the one that was his witness of all the power that he had did all the things that Elijah had done. Elisha was a witness. Amen. Then he picked up the same mantle, throwed it over his shoulder, started walking down towards Jordan. A perfect beautiful type. Walked down to Jordan, pulled off the mantle, held it in his hand, struck the water. Way is the God of Elijah. and the water divided one side to the other. A type of the church following Jesus, seeing his power, seeing his miracles. Amen. Now, is is this a concept in the Bible? A double portion. Let's go to 1st Samuel 16 and:e 13. 1st Samuel 16 and verse 13. This is now dealing with David's anointing. After God had rejected Saul, it says there, "Then Samuel took the horn of oil and anointed him in the midst of his brethren." Amen. And the spirit of the Lord came upon David from that day forward. So Samuel rose up and went to Rama. So David is anointed once, but notice where in the midst of his brothers only. 2 Samuel 2 and verse4. Now David is placed. So at that one point he wasn't even a king when he first got anointed. He was taking care of his father's sheep. Second anointing. Now remember the tribes are split. He's got Judah and then there's Israel. He is now made king over Judah. So 2 Samuel 2 and verse4 and the men of Judah came and there they anointed David king over the house of Judah. So they anointed him again. What am I saying? If you lose your anointing, ask God to refill you. Amen. Amen. Don't be despondent if you're not having the victory. Say, "Lord, this is not what I want." What have we just been reading? Elijah asked Elisha, "What do you want?" Amen. God is asking you this morning, "What do you want?" Amen. Amen. That's not the end. You can be anointed a third time. 2 Samuel 5 and verse three. So all the elders of Israel came to the king of Ebron and King David made a league with them. Now watch is uniting the two kingdoms, Israel. Now remember, he's now going to be king of Jerusalem. Amen. They made a league with him in Abram before the Lord and they anointed King David over Israel. So one time before his brethren he was anointed one time before Judah and one time before Israel because David is a of Christ. Amen. And one day we shall crown him king of kings. Amen. And lord of lords. Amen. And every knee shall bow. Amen. And every tongue will confess that he is Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to First Kings chapter 19 and verse 5. Talking about Elijah. Amen. Elijah, the original anointing, the one with just one portion of the anointing. Here he is running from Jezebel religion. 19 and verse 5 says, "And he lay and slept under a juniper tree, and behold, an angel touched him, and said, arise and eat. And he looked, and behold, there was a cake baked on the coals and a cruise of water at his head." And he did eat and drink, and laid him down again. And the angel of the Lord came again the second time. Amen. a double touch from the angel and touched him and said, "Arise and eat because the journey is too great for thee." And he arose and did eat and drink and went in the strength of that meat 40 days and 40 nights unto the mount of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, what a blessed savior this is. Amen. or a double portion anointing given to this bride. Amen. Given to this wife. Amen. The only thing exercise it know the power that's invested within us. Amen. Let's turn to 2 Kings chapter 4. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Second Kings chapter 4. [Music] Amen. Everyone got 2 Kings chapter 4. Let's read from verse 18. Now, let's follow this woman because this woman is under the ministry of the double anointing of Elisha, right? We'll pick it up from verse 18. So now you remember that this w this woman could not have children. You all remember the story? Okay. So what did she do? You're not going to read the story. You can go and read from verse uh chapter 4 right from the beginning. What did she do? She fed the anointing. Did she feed Elisha? The Bible says she fed Elisha. Yet she housed the anointing. She created a womb. So the anointing, double portion anointing. Now, now we're able to tell you that this man had a double portion anointing. Amen. Now we're getting to a point. Now this woman, she couldn't have a child. The prophet prophesies and says, "According to the time of life, you shall have a child." So she has a child. Why? She fed the word. Are you feeding the spirit? Amen. Are you housing the spirit? Amen. Created a room so that the spirit can come and dwell in your heart. Amen. Amen. Amen. So this is now where the child goes into the field. It's noon time. Amen. And the son strikes him, gets a heat stroke probably. And by the time the father rushes the boy to the mother, lays him on the lap, the boy dies. So she leaves the house. Okay, let's read from verse 18. And when the child was grown, it fell on a day that he went out to his father, to the reapers. So reapers, take our time. And he said unto his father, "My head, my head." And he said to the lad, "Carry him to his mother." So the father couldn't have faith. The mother had faith. And when he had taken him and brought him to his mother, he sat on a knees till noon. and then died. Now remember, this was the manifestation of Elisha's spoken word. This boy was a manifestation of Elisha's spoken word. But he was dead. She called out to her husband and said, "Send me, I pray, one of the young men and one of the asses that I may run to the man of God and come again." And he said, "Wherefore wil thou go to him today? It is neither noon, new moon nor Sabbath. And she said, "It shall be well. There shall come a day, sayeth the Lord, shall be neither night nor day." Amen. But at the evening time, it shall be light. Amen. Yes. In the evening time, it shall be light. The path to glory you will surely find. Amen. Yes. So she settled and asked and she said to the servant, "Drive and go forward. Slack not thy riding except I bid thee. Ride to the school of the prophets. Ride to Gilgal. Ride to the Lutherans liar. Ride to Chris." Now they can't go to TB Joshua. because the worms got him. You know TB Joshua is dead. Okay, some of you don't know who TB Joshua is. You think I'm talking about tubiculosis right to what's this guy? Bushiri that he fled South Africa. Bushiri was traveling like Philillip. Even our government couldn't find him. He left the country. Hey, hey, must delete that part. You'll catch this and you'll really testify now. He was like, Philillip, you mustn't give these guys ideas. Okay, but ride but not to the school of the prophets. Amen. Don't go backwards. We left justification, sanctification. We come up a further stage in the journey. We can't go backwards. Right. Amen. Amen. Yes. Where is she going? To the one where the double portion of the anointing. Hallelujah. And if the people of the world want to know present day truth, where must they come? Amen. Two double portion anointed people. Amen. That's right. Okay. So, she came. Now, watch where she's going. She went and came unto the man of God to Mount Carmel. Hallelujah. Amen. Mount Carmel showdown. Yes. Amen. What was Mount Carmel? It is where Elijah had turned the hearts of the Israel people back to the faith of their fathers and said if God be God, serve him. Amen. You remember the Mount G showdown? Amen. where they had the sacrifices and they they prayed until noon or the 400 prophets and they called and he he started to mock them and say maybe your god is gone on a holiday right I don't know you know nowadays when people want to talk straight they don't want to hear even the rights of the message ah the guru shouldn't have spoken like that he never have had a better spirit and said it in a different way. That's what they would have told Elijah. They don't like straight speech. When you got a spirit of discernment and you're calling out that thing, ah bro, you should have had better attitude. Eh, you know why? They're connecting with that spirit and they secretly hurt. That is why if it if it doesn't affect you, you wouldn't bother. Amen. Why would you bother? But now Elijah was telling them your God is gone to sleep. Now he says, "You know what? Bring water. Come pour water on this offering and let the God who wants us by fire be God." Amen. That's Mount Carmel. He turned the hearts of Ahab and his people back to the one true God. Amen. Amen. So that's the first Elijah and that's where we get turning the hearts of the faith back to the fathers. That's the original Elijah ministry. He turned Israel's heart back to the one true God. Right? So we find here this is where she's gone. Back to Mount Carmel. Back to the place of restoration. Amen. Every time you find yourself slipping away, come back to Brandham's message. Amen. Come back to the place of restoration. If you're gone out on a limb, maybe you're following Roscoll this morning. Come back to the place of restoration. Come back to Brandon's ministry. Amen. Maybe you're following some other preacher, but come back to the place of the true restoration. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And it came to pass when the man of God saw her from a far off. Now you'll find further down here he's not doesn't have fantastic eyesight but he's seeing her in a vision that he said to Gahazi his servant behold yonder is the shamite run now I pray thee to meet her and say unto her is it well with thee is it well with thy husband is it well with the child and she said it is well the son laying dead but she's saying it is well you got TV but you're saying it's You got cancer. You got our problem. But this morning, you're testifying it is well. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Yes. Don't play with an Holy Ghost fil son and daughter of God. Their vision is one. Their purpose is one. Amen. And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by his feet. But Gahazi came here to thrust her away. You know this Gazi character, you'll find out how he ends up if you continue reading the story. That's right. Amen. And the man of God said, "Let her alone." Amen. For her soul is vexed within her, and the Lord had hid it from me and had not told me. Wow. What happened to the absolute What happened to the doctrine that everything brother Brandham said he could see it at all times? What is the Bible telling us? God can hide things from his prophet. Didn't when he prayed over that person that was in the hospital and he told the mother she's going to be well but she still died. Did God not hide it from him? No. Then he went to the Lord and said, "Lord, you owe me an answer." And then the Lord showed him that this was the right time. She was right with the Lord. I could take her away. He says, "Go ask the mother. She would have died in a drowning accident incident years ago, but she wasn't ready then." Amen. Don't you love the Bible? Amen. Amen. People don't have discernment today. They forgotten what a prophet is. That's right. A prophet is a seer. When brother Brandham is saying a modern day prophet is a preacher, he's not meaning every office's gift. That's right. Cuz I am not a prophet. Doesn't mean because I preach, brother Joshua preach, brother brother Sani that we are prophets. We know our gifting. Amen. Now people because they don't want to offend anyone, they want to thread lightly. Okay, never mind. Maybe he's a prophet. Because you know the prophet said a modern day preacher is a prophet. Go back to the Bible and see what a prophet is. Amen. Didn't God use Now I'm just trying to bring a point here. Didn't God use Moses' wife to correct him? That's right. So, what you going to say now? Moses was the absolute. No one can correct him. If she was out of order, God would have smoked her like he smoked Miriam and Aaron. Yes. Amen. So, the prophet never placed himself as deity. That's right. But people today want to place him as deity. And that is what is causing problems in the message. That's right. A prophet when he says thus sayith the Lord, you watch that. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because that will never fail. Amen. When a prophet is saying thus sayeth the Lord. That word will never fail because it's not him speaking. It's God Almighty using the prophet to speak through him. Amen. So he says, let's follow the story quickly now. As the Lord liveth, he says, so he says to Gahazi now, "G up thy loins and take my staff in thine hand and go thy way. If thy meet any man, salute him not. And if any man salute thee, answer him not again and lay my staff upon the face of the child." So what he's asking him to do, carry his staff, carry his anointing, but you can't give it to just anyone. That's right. Amen. Especially people playing around in the message. This was going to expose who Gahazi was cuz he had no faith. So he goes, he follows the word of a doubleanointed prophet and Elisha. So he says he had gaji passed on before them even like was riding super fast right and laid his stuff upon the face of the child and there was neither voice nor earing hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him and told him saying the child is not awakened. And when Elisha came into the house, and behold, the child was dead, and laid hands upon his bed, and he went in and shut the door upon them twain, and prayed unto the Lord. And he went up. Now, where is he learning this? He went up, lay upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hand upon his hands, and he stretched himself upon the child, and the child waxed warm. The child started to warm, but the child is not alive yet. Yes, the body of the child is becoming warm, right? What is he doing? is bringing the manifested word which is now dead back into the image of a double anointed prophet. Amen. Anytime you find yourself dying and falling away, line yourself up back with the word. Amen. What is he doing? He's lining himself up with the boy. I don't have time to read it, but please write this down. Where did he get it? He gets it from 1 Kings 17. The original anointing Elijah did the same thing to the w to the widow's son who had died. That's right. So you'll find that in first Kings 17 from verse 17. So 1 Kings 17:17. You can go and read that. Now watch. So he's just warmed the body. Then he returned and he walked into the house to and fro and went and stretched himself upon him. And the child sneezed seven times. That really didn't work. Amen. He brought a full restoration. And the child opened his eyes. And he called Gahazi and said, "Call the Shinomite." So he called her, and when she was coming unto him, he said, "Take up your son." Then she went in, fell at his feet, and bowed herself to the ground and took up a sand and went out. Amen. Now the prophet is telling us here that when he stood there, he must have remembered first Thessalonians 4. What is that? That the living will not hinder them that are dead. I'm not going to read all that. You'll find that. Amen. in the message. Well, this is some long one. In the message, it is the rising of the sun. Okay, we're going to Amen. We're going to read a quote now that talks about this double portion anointing. Amen. Everybody okay? Amen. Amen. So, let's read from it is the rising of the sun paragraph 293. Hallelujah. So, we're still focusing our thought on that double portion anointing. We know the double portion anointing is following Christ, watching the moving of the spirit. Amen. So, he says, "Yeah, I see you putting down some scriptures." He says, "Put down 1 Thessalonians 4:16. The saints, them that sleep in Christ, will God bring with him." See saints in the grave resting like Elijah was. Some like Elisha was. See, some of them be quickened. Some will be taken away. Some will be in the grave. The trumpet of God shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Amen. And we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. The quickening power on the living. That's what the point I wanted to get. the quickening power that was upon this double anointed Elisha to quicken the power on the dead boy. Amen. Now that quickening power that's upon you, you go speak to somebody who's dead in sin and trespasses. If they have a gene within them, you bring them to life. Amen. Amen. So the power of the living to quicken the power on the dead. The same quickening power of God presented in both of these prophets. Look at their names. Almost the same, right? Elisha. Elijah. See the bride and the groom. One of them Mr. Jesus and the other one is Mrs. Jesus. Amen. Is that anybody here this morning? Amen. He says, you see, almost the same. Just between is the E and the she. Yes. Right. Elijah, look how it's presented here. Now, Elish, Elijah was taken in the rapture represents the church. All right. And Elisha rested until he's probably got the names around because Elijah rested until the resurrection. And Elisha, right, is taken. But he says he's just like a bird needs two wings to balance itself. The church was represented right there in these two prophets. For we which are alive and remain to the coming of the Lord shall not hinder them which are asleep. Amen. He says both wings shall come together. Aren't you glad? What he's telling you one wing is in the sixth dimension and one wing is here on the earth. But he says in order to make the rapture we need both wings. So that one wing from the sixth dimension must come to this dimension. Then we'll be changed. And he says, "We'll have both wings together and we'll fly away." Amen. You see the living or dead, that quickening power still lives. Amen. Amen. Quicken to see what these things are. Quickening power of this day. Remember, we are quickened. Amen. He says, I think of Paul. What the father showed me, I held nothing back. I tell you and in the days when we've seen his quickening power upon us, he even give us quickening power to see the sick healed. We have seen quickening power walk amongst us. It was then upon them in the early days see it bring back thy vision and raise the dead to see it make the sick well. Amen. So, brother Brand goes and tells you about Donovan WZ and he tells you that he had a little lump. Amen. In 299 he says I looked at his ear turned all the way inside out and he says how are you Donovan and he said just took him by the hand like that and the cancer. I said, "Donovan, what's the matter with your hair?" And he says, "Don't know, brother Brandon. About six, seven months just keeps getting." He says, "Why?" I asked him, "Why didn't you say anything about it?" I didn't want to bother you, brother Brandon. You mean you got the mental? Sure. And you don't want to use it? Do you know what it is? Said, "I have no idea." I put my hand over on him and never said a word. Two days after that, there wasn't even a scar. Amen. Amen. What is it? That quickening power. Hallelujah. I want you to move in that anointing. Amen. That Holy Ghost anointing that's in you. Somebody tell you that something's wrong with him. Find your opportunity to pray. You don't even have to pray like make a big pious prayer. Even if it's like, "Don't worry, brother. All will be well." Make that contact. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandon said that Donovan asked him to pray for him. No. He said, "I just laid my hand on him and never said a word." Two days after that, now that's operating in another anointing. Now, if that's if I can call that the single portion of anointing on William Granner, how much more a double portion anointing right now? Thank you. Amen. Amen. Didn't brother Brandham say that missing limbs will appear. He says wait until that third pull. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Didn't he say they can close the heavens, call for rain. Amen. So he says the same quickening power now. So in 302 he says the quickening power, it'll quicken your mortal body. His year would have eat off. His brains would have been gone. he'd have died. But the quickening power and he says, "One day I was weary." He says, "Boy, you you better get ahead. You're 50 years old. If you're going to do anything for the Lord, you better hurry up and do it now." Amen. And there that morning, the quickening power come. And he took, "Let me look at over the curtain and I seen all of you over there." Amen. Amen. Hello. Amen. Quickening power took him to that sixth dimension. And he said, "And I seen all of you over there." Uh-huh. He said, "All that you ever love and all you love, they give to you. And I seen them all over there like that." What was it? Quickness power. What brother Brandham is saying, he's talking to an audience like this. And he's saying, "I saw all of you over there." Amen. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. You say can't be. That is not a dimension of time. That's an eternal realm. Amen. So all the theophanes of the predestinated seeds are there. Amen. Okay. He says, I seen you all over there. I seen them all over there like that. What was it? Quickening power. He says John the revelator was filled with quickening power and he seen the end from the beginning. Hia filled with quickening power. He stood up and seen the millennia quickening power and the spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. It will quicken your mortal body. Remember the quickening power. Look what we've seen in this day. The quickening power has come to us to open up the seven seals. Amen. Amen. Now, who is this uncircumcised Philistine that will say there's no significance to the cloud? It's for the prophet's personal testimony. What nonsense is that? Say it another way, please. Say it nice. It is most inappropriate the comment he made. You like that better? He's talking about quickening power coming down. Revelation 10, mighty angel coming to open the seals. Amen. Now, you know why they make these statements? They don't believe the They rather leave that alone. They don't believe the cloud. Quickening power come to us to open the seven seals. What was it? The intelligence of a man. No. The quickening power of God. See the quickening power for told this would take place in sers. Is this the sign of the end? The vision you saw of seven angels coming down. Right. See the quickening power of God made the world testify to it. Yes, brother. I'm not ashamed of the cloud. Right. He's saying they took the picture making the world testify to it. Amen. It's the truth. The angel of the Lord I told you was around. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. Oh, hallelujah. We need some men to stand in this hour. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It says the angel of the Lord I told you was around in a pillar of fire quickening power. Let the world testify that it's the truth. And in that they don't know what it was. We knew just look at it this way. Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. But there's no significance. Oh, I almost want to say something. But there's no significance. He says, "If you only knew, they don't know what it was. We knew. Just look this away. And it's our Lord up there." Amen. Amen. Amen. Wow. Amen. Revelation 10. And as we are going closer to the coming of the Lord, sayation 10, he shall descend from heaven with a shout. Amen. Going now to the voice of the archangel. So are they scoffing? But don't worry, all these tears will soon be bundled. That's right. Amen. He's not ashamed to be identified with this. Look at what he said. They don't know what it was. We knew. Just look this away. It's our Lord up there. You see, he's the one who opened those seals. Amen. So, what do they believe? Brother Vladim opened those seals. He's the one who opened those seals. He is those seals. Amen. Hallelujah. For the whole word of God is Christ. And Christ is the seals that was opened. What is the opening of the seals then? revealing the antichrist. [Music] I like bow and arrow story man writing revealing Christ. Amen. What is he revealing? Christ's redemption plan to all seven church ages. And what is he doing? Defeating the enemy that's riding in every age. Because that horse rider thought he was killing the church, killing the church. But there was silence in heaven. Silence. Amen. You know why? Satan loves it when people fuss and fight and talk about the mysteries. You know, he can hear what you're talking. He got no revelation about the mysteries. Soon as you say something, he is listening. But he get upset when it's silence. The only one upset at the silence is Satan. Right. Listen, he's going to go more into this cloud now. And the very angels, the seven angels which represented seven church is all completed. And we couldn't even see it. They did. They took the picture. Not us. And there he is standing there, supreme judge, showing that he is alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. What identification? Hallelujah. Quickening power did that to us. Are you a part of that? Amen. Amen. I'm a part of Revelation 10. Quickening power did that to us. Quickening power let us see is coming. Quickening power snaps us from dead to life. Quickening power gives discernment to know what's wrong with you. what to do, what you have done and what you ought not to have done and what you should not have done and what you will be quickening power. All those things our Lord Jesus so full of quickening power. He was all of it. He was so full of quickening power. You destroyed this body in three days. Talk about confidence in quickening power. Amen. Amen. 314 It was prophecy, the word of God. And prophecy if it's a true word of God cannot fail. And the same prophecy and the word of God said it raised him up says we are already raised with him. Glory. Amen. We already have eternal life. Amen. We are already quickened waiting for the translation. Amen. There was the living saints that had raptured. There was Elijah standing there. There was Moses the dead saints. Both of them had quickening power. Whether one died and the other didn't, they're all there. Makes no difference. We're all going to be there. Amen. Amen. He says the same thing promised in John 14:12. Go make that note and read John 14:12 cuz he doesn't read it. He says the same thing that he promised in St. John 14:12. People, you claim to have power. He says we're just like them at Mount Transfiguration. Certainly we do not claim power on Mount Transfiguration. They wasn't saying Moses see who I am. See who I am and see who I am. You know what happened? They seen Jesus glorified. That's all they wanted to see. Jesus glorified. And so is it today. Now this is where I want to tell you where my heart is and where the shirt should be. We don't try to be some big person. We don't care what the people say about us. Our name ain't nothing. It's his name. He says our name ain't nothing. It's his name. Amen. Our life it's nothing. It's his life. It's his power, not our power. There's only one thing that we love to do is see him glorified. Amen. This is where I want to close now with my opening thought. We don't worship an idea. We want to see Jesus glorified. Amen. And how can it be when he's glorified in us by his resurrection that's in us? We see him represented again as he was today. Did you see that? Our desire is not to be glorified. Our desire is not some big name. Our desire not to boast some church. Yes. or make more in the Sunday school or try to bring in octai. Push in. Offer a picnic party. Bring one cake. Cut it for your birthday. Picnic party. Bring stars. How many of you want stars? Gold star. He's saying they want buttons too. People love that even in the message. They want gold star. If you came to church, they want gold star. They want picnic party or bring stars, buttons, something else like that. That's not Son of Man revealed ministries desire. Amen. Our desire is to see him glorified. Amen. glorified not with self pride but in us our lives to prove he is alive and living in us. Amen. If I can get myself out the way so when William Brandon not even thought of and you not even thought of till we can see Jesus glorified amongst us. See that's our desire. Reason why I'm telling you this, remember I told you everyone who preaches has a aim and a desire, right? This is our aim. Brother Brandham says he didn't bring people to himself, but to have a relationship with the Lord. That's our desire as well. So if Elijah had that desire, Elisha, we got it as well. Amen. And it says, "Seeing his same vindicated methods proving in us that he is risen now from the dead." Amen. So we close with this quote now in what shall I do with Jesus called Christ preached 1963 just to end with the double portion anointing. Amen. For them to get the quote so we can read it together. talking about a double portion. Amen. This is what's prophesied now. He says the dynamics, the quickening power that we've been speaking about, the dynamics of this church will be a refund unit together. The full power of the Holy Ghost Christ for hundreds of years ago will rise in the beauty of holiness to the skies. The dynamics in the Holy Ghost. Amen. How many of you desire that? Amen. Thank you, Lord. A refilling. Amen. A double portion anointing. Amen. A double portion anointing upon you, the bride of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Don't be afraid to water the word. We told you about this woman. She fed the word. She the word. Rebecca did the same thing. They brought the camel to her. Now, she had faith to believe Eliza's message. I'm closing with this thought now. Please give me this attention. She had faith. I'm going up the pyramid now. She had faith to believe Eliza's message. Everybody agreed? So, they brought the camels to her and they said, "Fill up these camels." And she didn't take them to Sha Garage. Shall got V power, but she had another V power. She had virtue power. Glory. Amen. Is that the next step? She filled up those camels with what is virtue? Strength. She gave them back water. Amen. To get strength for the journey. Amen. Did she have patience to feed those camels? Did she have the temperance? Now you're telling me to feed these camels? Amen. Then the then the brother wants to lead wants to introduce some denominational idea about her staying a few days. So she says, "No, I got godliness." Amen. I need to go. Amen. Didn't Abraham leave this house? Abraham was taken from the same household. Were they not idol worshippers? So she wanted because she had godliness, she didn't want to get caught up in idolatry. So she said, "Let me leave and go now." Immediately, brotherly kindness. Now she's waiting. Didn't we just read there when this body unites she goes back on the journey she's writing back the word that she fed back to Isaac and at evening time Eliza is taken off the scene right she has to take her own veil and cover her head and approach the coming headstone. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. approaches the coming headstone and when they unite together they can start looking for power. Now that's what brother Brandon is saying when the full power of the Holy Ghost raises up just exactly they're both united and when that uniting time could come now Abraham seed can be reproduced. Amen. Amen. And you know out of Jacob came the 12 tribes of Israel. Amen. So that's a wonderful type there. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's give the Lord a good hand of praise. Amen. The double portion anointing is upon you. Amen. Don't be afraid to use the mantle. Amen. Don't be afraid to use the word. Yes. Amen. Amen. Don't say, "Oh, I'm too small or too little." No. Brother Brandon said it's not our power. And you know, in the other message, he tells you, you have authority. You don't have power, but you have the authority. Amen. But the power lays in the Holy Ghost that's in you. Let us stand together. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. It's time to worship the Lord. Hallelujah. It's time to give him praise. Amen. Oh, we just want to thank you, Father. I just want to praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] I just want to praise you, Lord. Lift my hands and say I love you. You are everything to me and I [Music] exalt your holy name on high. Let's sing. I just want to praise you high. Just want to praise you, Lord. Lift my hands and say, "I love you. You are everything to me. And I exalt your holy name on high. We place you on the highest place for you are the grain. I praise [Music] we place you high above all else. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you. And we come to you and worship at your feet. One more time now. Let's just worship the Lord. We praise you. Oh, we Oh, just begin to worship him. Give the Lord praise this evening. Amen. Lift him up in your worship. He is the great high priest highest. Oh, he's proper priesthood. He placed you place him high above high above [Music] above all else. And we come to you. And we come to the and worship at your feet. Well, let's just talk to the Lord. Oh, place him on the highest place this morning. Just give him praise and thank the Lord for that double portion anointing that he's released upon your life. Amen. And it's not him that willth or him that runth, but it's God that given us his grace and his mercy. Amen. It's God that has chosen us. Oh, we bless your name, Father. We thank you, Lord, for this virtue power you have given us, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for the stature of a perfect man, oh God, because that's the man that you said is going in the rapture, Father. And I give you praise. I give you glory, Lord. Lord, together with the people, we stand here today to lift up our hands and worship you, the one true living God. Father, we exalt your name, oh God. We just want to praise you, Father, oh Lord, from the bottom of our hearts to thank you, Lord, for revealing yourself to us, revealing your mysteries, Lord, and Lord, revealing Christ to us in this day. And Lord, all that was in God, your body to Christ. and all that was in Christ, you poured into us, your church, oh God. How we bless your name, how we love you, how we appreciate you, Lord, for quickening power that lays within us, oh God. Father, we call those things that are not as though they are. Father, we come against every sickness, every disease, Lord, every troubled mind, every troubled heart, every problem, every situation, every circumstance. We bind the works of the enemy and we cast Satan work and we destroy the works of the enemy in the mighty name of Jesus. Father, I pray Lord that the people will have the victory over every situation, Father, over every circumstance, oh Lord. And Father, may we take, Lord, our hands off of the situation. And Lord, place it in your hands right now, Father, knowing, Father, you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. You are the unchanging God. You are unshakable. You are unchangeable. Oh father, we bless your name, oh God. There is none like you, oh God. How we love you. How we appreciate you, Father. Worship you, Lord. Worthy is the lamb of God. Oh, you are honored this morning. Oh, we bless to honor you, Lord. Thank you, oh God. We come to worship you, Lord. We come to bless your name. Yes, Lord. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Ghost fall on me. Anointing fall. If that's your desire, let's sing it again. Anointing. Oh, anointing fall on me. Anointing, [Music] fall on me. And let the power of the Holy Ghost fall on me. anointing for me. Oh, let's sing. Hallowed be your name. Hallowed be your name. Hallelujah. Hallowed be your name. Hallowed be your name. Divine authority, Lord of Majesty. [Music] Hallow be your name. One more time. Hallowed be your name. Oh, hallow it be your name. Hallow it be. Hallow majesty [Music] divine authority. Let's just worship him. Amen. Blessed be your name. Thank you Lord for he's worthy to be praised and adored. Amen. Hallelujah. That's not like our God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, walk in your anointing. Amen. Walk with your mantle proudly on display. The mantle is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Let's just sing the original life, the original seed. Amen. The same life that fell on the day of Pentecost is in the bride. Amen. Amen. But I want you to know that we have both the former and the latter rain. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. A double portion has been given to us. Amen. Amen. [Music] God's attributes were manifested through his bride in this last days. We have caught the revelation by them. Oh, and we know who we are, what we raise up for. Praise the Lord for the original life. Oh no, the original [Music] I believe [Music] the working flesh. We are the working flesh today. This is what this virtual sing [Music] [Applause] the original word was what I believe I believe the son of man [Music] is the seop [Music] [Music] and join us for translation of glory. Hallelujah. You are God. Oh, the original [Applause] the son of man [Music] seal. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. Praise be to the name of the Lord most high. Hallelujah. Every head bowed and every eyes closed. Amen. What a blessed Holy Spirit. Amen. Come to fill us. Come to anoint us. Oh, we just bless your name with every to give it to you more than you desire it. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. And you can just hold your desire in your heart to the Lord. Just say, "Lord, more than ever before, yes, Lord Jesus, I love you. Love you, Lord. More than ever before, more than ever. I need you, Lord. Amen. I need you, Lord. Amen. Lord Jesus, I love you now, Lord, more than ever before. Doesn't he get sweeter as the day go by?" Yes, Lord. It gets sweeter and sweeter and sweeter as the day go by. Amen. Amen. Or young man, young boy, young girl, you may not know what that is right now. Maybe you haven't surrendered your life to the Lord. But if you'll just give your life over to the Lord and come into a relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ, why don't you give him that opportunity this morning? [Music] Even there may be some amongst us that have lost their relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] The message came to establish that relationship back. Amen. Don't you want that tonight, this morning? Don't leave your first love. Come back. Let Jesus be the center of your life. Glory. Thank you Lord. We can ask you brother Sunonny to close in prayer. Jesus. And while you're pondering in your heart, make your decision right now, there's still room at the cross. Amen. Millions may have come with your Amen. No matter how young you are, we can cross over Jordan knowing that everything is settled. Amen. Our brother will pray. [Music] Gracious God, we come to you this morning. Oh God, we realize Lord that we almost your bride has made herself ready. Yes, Jesus. Lord, we thank you Lord that we could fit into that garment. Yes, Jesus. We do not want to make our own garments this morning. You Lord, but you we thank you for the readym made garment, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Lord, it's pure and wine, oh God. And we know, Lord, one of these days we are going to meet you. Oh, we can talk it all over again. [Music] We'll worship you, oh Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, as we look at the angels worshiping you day and night, [Music] worthy the lamb and help us Lord Jesus this morning. Yes, Lord. Help us, Jesus. Let cross over Jordan. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I leave everything behind you God. Yes Lord. We realize Lord that we cannot go with anything Lord. Yes Lord. Amen. Even when Elijah left. Yes Lord. He threw down the mantle. Yes Lord. We cannot go with his beautiful clothes. Yes Lord. We cannot go with the gold and silver and diamond in the land in the houses. Oh God help us Lord to lead wealthiness. Oh God. Yes, Jesus. Help us Lord God not to build God. Amen. Help us to build in the heaven. Jesus. And this morning Lord God we know Lord you have given us Lord. We have given us the strength to overcome. Oh God you have given us the strength by thy word. Oh God or to carry ourselves through. Oh God, we thank you Lord Jesus that we could be reminded. Oh God, about Elia. We could be reminded about Rebecca. Yes, Jesus. Oh God, even as he fed the camels. Yes, Jesus. Help us, Lord, that we may feed also. Amen. Oh Lord, this world is falling apart. Yes, Jesus. The prophet said that 50 years ago this morning. Help us this morning. Lord, that we may just come and bask in the sunlight of your word, Lord. Help us not to forget the assembling of ourselves, oh God. Yes, Jesus. Lord, we need thee now more than ever. More than ever, Lord. Father, I pray this morning, Lord, you touch your servant, Lord, and undertake for him, Lord, as he leads this flock from day to day, until that glorious day, Lord, Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, that you'll bless him, Lord, abundantly. Thank you, Lord Jesus. undertake for all those Lord who raised their hands. Bless Lord each person. God even mind this morning God. Lord I pray Lord that you need come Lord touch before the foundation of the world. Lord Jesus you knew our needs. Oh God. Thank you. Help us Lord to go through this time. Oh God. This morning you said when these things begin to happen lift up your head. for your redemption throughout and we thank you Lord and be reminded from time to time oh God Lord we know Lord that you have given us this Lord as a reminder Lord that we know Lord your coming is soon yes Lord Father this morning Lord we commit this meeting into Lord whatever is being said oh God we know Lord it will not come back for Yes Lord Father, this morning I pray that you'll bless our assembly. Yes, Jesus. May we, Lord, be in touch with thee all the time, God. Amen. Yes, Jesus. May we this morning see and cherish one another, Lord. Yes, Lord. Let us not wait till the day that we miss one. Oh, yes, Jesus. Father, it is it is our desire, Lord. Yes, Lord. To look unto thee, the altar and the finisher of our faith. This morning I pray Lord even as we depart from this sanctuary give us safe traveling mercies oh undertake for everyone Lord undertake for the bride worldwide also Jesus wherever your name is been uplifted this morning you will take your pree for the vehicles they will be our people drive and make a way for us Lord we take authority upon your word kiss and bind every force of darkness every demonic spirit seeking whom we devour. Find it right now in the name of Jesus. Peace is the power of the Holy Ghost. Come take control. Do bless us now as we wait upon you in Jesus name we ask. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Bless. Amen. Amen. So continue to pray for one another. Amen. The Lord will also Amen. Pray for the church. Pray for the every office. Amen. Pray for the ministers. Amen. We can see the signs all around us. Amen. You remember a few months ago we told you the western media is manipulating. They told us that Russia is losing the war and we told you the line to y'all. Yes. Using the media. Amen. You would have seen I posted a clip there on the group how the president of Ukraine is now telling the people to flee that one region. So if Russia is losing the war, why flee? They say Russia's economy is booming. So Europe and the rest of those countries are paying for their war because they use energy from it. So sanctions don't work. Economy is booming. Prophet told us, Amen. that Russia would be a time player. It was the worry about we are not talking about that. That's an ism. Amen. He said don't fear communism. He says watch that Roman system. But the angel said watch Russia. Watch Russia, king of the north. So they're going to get more bold. You're going to see things escalate. You can see the price of things have just skyrocketed and you can hardly get groceries for the same value that you used to buy before. Amen. So, amen. We We were telling you these things since the lockdown and things are going to get progressively worse and worse and worse. Amen. It'll happen. It's like the frog in the bathtub. They're turning up the heat. Amen. But we know, Amen, that the bride is looking up. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're looking up from whence come with our help. Amen. He says, "And when you shall see these things, look up for your redemption draweth nigh." Amen. So, God bless you. Pray for one another. We love you. We appreciate you. Amen. Until we meet again. God bless you. If we know that song, Amen. Let's sing It Is Well. It is well with my soul. I don't know what key we sing it out of. I don't think we sang it much here, but maybe we can try a key. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Do we have it in the song book? [Music] Three or four, I think it is. Do we know the song? Let's Let's play it. It is well. It is well with my soul. in my soul. It is well, it is well with my soul. Sing it again. It is well. It is well. It is well with my soul. With my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Amen. As we just present him with peace like a river. Oh, in peace. [Music]
