################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-06-18 - Father's Day 2023  Our Father is God  Pastor Adrian Gengan  18-06-2023 - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-06-18
Title:   Father's Day 2023 | Our Father is God | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 18-06-2023
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Znan5U-EFWg
========================================

Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. To worship him and to give him praise. Amen. Let's put some life in us. Let's give the Lord a good anchor for praise. [applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Greet every one of you in the precious and most holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Greet every father. Happy Father's Day. Amen. Turn to somebody. Wish them happy Father's Day. If you've got somebody, a father next to you. Amen. Glory be to his name. Fathers are looking exceptionally smart today. All the young men, Jayen looking very smart there. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Everybody love the Lord. Amen. Amen. And it's going to be a good day in the house of the Lord because of this is our father's house. Amen. Amen. Like to welcome brother with brother Lionel and his family, Sister Lydia, the children. Amen. Bless you. Good to see you again. Amen. Good to see every one of you. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh we're going to speak this morning a little on Father's Day. Amen. If we can put up our slides. Amen. That's our topic. Our father is God. Amen. You know, in the flesh, if somebody's fighting and they say, "I'm going to tell my father about you. I'm going to tell my father about you." Or if their father is in some prominent position, what do they ask him? Do you know who my father is? Now, we are the only people that can say that. Do you know who my father is? Lord, I'm going to tell my father about you. Amen. And Jesus said, I'm not out of scripture. Jesus said, "It's better for that person who offends one of these little ones." Amen. That a millstone was put around his head and thrown into the deepest ocean than for them to offend one of my little ones. God takes offense when people harm his children. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. So, our father is God. Amen. Just got a little greeting, a little scripture. Amen. Wishing their fathers happy father's day. It says, "Be strong and of a good courage. Be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed. For the Lord thy God is with thee, whethersoever thou goest. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just get to our scripture, then we can be seated. Hebrews 12 and verse 7. Amen. Hebrews 12 and verse 7. If you endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. Amen. Amen. Any father must chasen his son, right? Must discipline, give instruction. God dealeth with you as sons. For what son is he whom the father chasteneth? That's discipline not. Furthermore, this is verse 9. Now we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us and we gave them reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits and live? Amen. Amen. Then 1 Corinthians chapter 4:14 the apostle Paul writing here I write not these things to shame you but as my beloved sons I warn you. So remember the apostle Paul is correcting the ch the Corinthian church and he's saying I do this take this correction as me being your father you are my beloved sons for though you have 10,000 instructors in Christ you have yet have ye not many fathers now we got many instructors in the message as well but very few father sons Amen disciple sons raise up sons He says, "You have 10,000 instructors in Christ, yet have he not many fathers, for in Christ Jesus, I have begotten you through the gospel." Amen. Wherefore I beseech you, be he followers of me. Amen. You may be seated. The Lord had blessings through the reading of his word. Amen. While you're being seated, I just want to thank the Lord. Father, I thank you, Lord, for your word that's come forth. Lord, just reading your scripture, Father, we realize, oh God, our connection with you and our partnership with you, Father, our inheritance with you. I pray, Lord, that you will bless your word and Lord, come and anoint it now even as we minister to the people of God. I pray, Lord, they'll be attentive and I pray, Lord Jesus, they will receive the word. May it fall on good ground. I ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Romesh is away in Johannesburg with his daughter. May the Lord bless him and keep him. So, you know what that means? I am missing a part of my amen corner here. So, somebody's gonna have to make up. Amen. Brother Romesh is someone whether it's hot or cold, whether he's sick or not, he says, "Amen." Amen. Hallelujah. So, brother Caleb, you're going to take his place when you're not projecting. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's turn quickly to John 1 and verse 10. Now if God is our father, all powerful, all knowing, and he created the heavens and the earth, Amen. created the heavens and the earth. But the power of his spoken word, he said, "Let there be an creation came about." Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you suppose anyone having a son won't have the same attributes? A dog, if he has an offspring, will be a dog and have the attributes of a dog. I'm Same with the monkey. So God said, "Let us make man in our image after our likeness and let him have dominion." Primary purpose of man to have dominion. Amen. And we will not settle, we will not rest till we come into full dominion. And let me tell you, the Holy Spirit will not rest either until you come back to full dominion. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Cuz that's our ought to be conditioned. So John 1:10 says he was in the world and the world was made by him. Now who was in the world? Was it our Lord Jesus Christ? And the Bible is saying the world was made by him. Amen. And the world knew him not. He came unto his own and his own received him not. But as many as received him, thank the Lord we have received him. Amen. To them gave he power. Amen. To become sons of God. Amen. You see, he's not going to leave us disempowered. This is not a God who watch his children in poverty. He doesn't leave us in poverty. Neither does he leave us powerless. We leave ourselves in those conditions. But God has already made a way. Amen. He has given us power. Amen. To become the sons of God. Even to them that believe on his name. So that's to you and I who believe on his name. We have power to come back to sunship. Yes. Full authority. Amen. Now God's design for fatherhood was to express himself and also reveal himself to the human race through a human body of Jesus Christ. Now interesting scripture in Genesis 2:24. God had created Adam and Eve. And Adam, the Lord takes a rib out of his side and Adam sees Eve there and he says, "This is bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh." Amen. But the very next verse, he's going to reveal God's plan for mankind because they didn't have any children. But look at what God immediately says after Adam says, "This is born of my bone." The very next verse says, "Therefore shall a man leave his father." But there was no fathers there yet. Adam was not yet a father. But that's in the back part of God's mind. And he's telling us a man shall leave his father. Amen. So it's showing you that God always had fatherhood in his mind. Amen. And in Genesis 3:15, so the seed of God is very important. Genesis 3:15 says, "I will put energy between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed, and it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." So, we see God is further revealing his plan. There's going to come a seed on the earth. There's going to be a fight, a struggle. Amen. So, God has always been looking after his seed and protecting his royal seed. Amen. Remember, they tried to kill the seed in Abel. Yes. Amen. Cain killed Abel. Right. Very first murder committed in the Garden of Eden. But God raised up Sith. A type of the resurrection. Amen. Hallelujah. God raised up Sith. Amen. Amen. So God's purpose will not be defeated. So here in Genesis 17:7, he finds a man by the name of Abraham. He finds a man he can have confidence in. Yes. And listen to what he says. I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. Amen. Amen. Amen. So God is interested in the seed. God is interested in the bloodline. Amen. Hallelujah. Genesis 18:1 17. Look at what the God the Lord is telling now after he come down and he revealed himself to Abraham and Sarah and Abraham bargains with him. Now he says, "Shall I a from Abraham the thing which I do seeing Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation?" This is prophecy. Amen. Abraham doesn't have seed yet. Hallelujah. God is telling him, "You are going to be a great and mighty nation." Amen. God is telling you, you're going to be an invincible army. Hallelujah. God is saying, "You're going to be the super church, a super race." Amen. God already sees your end from your beginning. Amen. Amen. He's going to be a great and mighty nation. And all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him. Amen. Amen. Are we some of the nations of the earth? We are blessed through royal Abraham. Blessed because of the blessings of Abraham. Amen. Abraham's blessings are mine. Because of Jesus Christ, I'm blessed coming in. I'm blessed going out. Abraham's blessings are mine. Amen. Abraham was not a beggar. Amen. Abraham did not borrow. Even when he bought Sarah's tomb, he would not take it for nothing. But he bought the tomb. Abraham's people are rich people, a prosperous people. Amen. Amen. If there's something you could disconnecting you from the blessing, I ask you to confess that before the Lord and reconnect back to the blessing. Reconnect back to THE FOUNTAIN. RECONNECT BACK TO THE FLOW. AMEN. AMEN. HALLELUJAH. AMEN. NOW, some of you say, "Oh, but I can't take that literally. I love to be poor." Shame on you. Come on now. Take God's word literally. Abraham wasn't blessed spiritually only. Amen. For I know him. Watch now. Fatherhood. Watch how God already sees in Abraham. I know him that he will command his children and his household after him. Amen. Amen. This is where headship is restored back in the church again. Hallelujah. Christ is the head of the church. The husband the head of every home. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Husbands, don't let the wives make you the tail at home. You have a God-given position. You're the head of that home. When I say head of that home, you're the spiritual leader of that home. Amen. Don't leave the house in poverty spiritually. Don't leave the house spiritually not disciplined. It's your responsibility to lead the home. It's your responsibility. Amen. To see to the spiritual welfare of the home. Amen. Maybe materially you're prospering. Amen. But spiritually the home is dead. Then you are out of God's order. You are out of God's plan. God placed you at the head of the home to lead the home. Amen. Amen. If your wife is more spiritual than you, then something is wrong. That's not God's program. The wife was not made to be the spiritual head of a man. The wife should not be begging you and forcing you to come to church and serve the Lord. You are the head of the home. As the head of the home, you are the priest of the home. Amen. Amen. The reason we have so many people that are in chaos, transgender, homosexual, gays, Amen. people committing suicide, and you'll find, Amen. even women running around loosely. Amen. It's because they didn't have a strong father figure. Amen. The image was distorted. Ask yourself, how do you want to raise your home? Ask yourself, how do you want your son to see you? Don't you want your son, your daughter, to see you as a man of God? As a man who stands firm and resolute on the word of God. Amen. He will command his children and his household after him. Can God say that about you? Amen. I know my son. He will command his household after me. Amen. They shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he had spoken of him. [cough and clears throat] I wish I had water here. Amen. That the Lord may bring upon Abraham tap water to his fine. You know, David one time asked for a drink and the the his soldiers got really mad and they went and they killed some people and they went to get fresh water. Amen. You must watch how it's going to come now with the power of the spoken word. [laughter] Amen. And the Lord said, "Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, because their sin is very grievious, I will go down and see whether they have done alltogether according to the cry of it which has come up unto me. And if not, I will know it." Why did I read that? I could have stopped short of that. Amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. Why did I read that? The world is celebrating a time again called Pride Month. That's right. I was hearing, Amen. somebody, and these are not even Christian people, they're saying, "You know what? When we celebrate someone who really did something good for mankind, we only celebrate one day, Nelson Mandela Day, or maybe they'll have a George Washington day or a Abraham Lincoln day." But here they want a whole month to celebrate their sin. M now let me tell you the percentage of them are very minor compared to the normal people. Yeah. But look how they've exalted this thing and corporates are bowing down to it. Corporate companies are bowing down to it and promoting it and saying pride pride month. You know what they're doing? They're going back to Genesis and distorting God's family. The purpose God had in his mind for family. Yeah, they are distorting it. But not one of them can reproduce and bring forth another child. So what gives them the right to tell us how to raise our children? Who can bring forth children? They can't bring forth children, but they want to tell us how to raise our children. [clears throat] But the world has gone insane and they're listening to them, right? Why did I read that? God's ready to burn. God's got line match there. He's ready to strike. Right. You know he's going to strike. You know how God said he's going to strike. Man, there's up atomic warfare. That's right. This, that, the other. They're going to launch it one of these days. Amen. But it's coming. Judgment is coming. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. If you go to slide three there, you'll hear you prophet says here. They spread their poison in every effort to destroy the seed of God. Even as Cain killed Abel. He's talking about the church world, how they spread their poison into the message. They spread their poison into the gospel, hoping to kill the seed of God, even as Cain killed Abel. Amen. They tried to kill the lineage OF GOD. THEY TRIED TO KILL THE SEED of God. Didn't they try to kill Moses? Was that the first Exodus? Didn't they try to kill Jesus? Was that the second exodus? Amen. Now, if there was a mass killing of babies in the first Exodus and second exodus, why is there another mass killing of babies called abortion in the third exodus? Amen. They are trying to get through the scene. But Amen. NO AMOUNT, AMEN. OF ABORTION LAWS can stop you from coming forth. Amen. Amen. EVEN IF YOUR MOTHER TRIED ABORTION, YOU STILL CAME FORTH. God protected his seed. Amen. Amen. Here the prophet will detail it here in slide four. I thought I had you when I killed Abel. When I threw you in the lion's den. I THOUGHT I GOT YOU. When I put the Hebrew children in the FIERY FURNACE. I THOUGHT I had you when I killed the prophets. When I beheaded John the Baptist, I thought I had you. He thought he had killed the seed. But Satan, his minute mind, his plan was cut short. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's read John 3:16. Amen. All the young people now John 3:16. Amen. Everybody knows John 3:16. Let's see father's love for us and how he came. Amen. Our father is God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Young people, you may not understand the concept right now. You may be thinking, "Hey, my father is there." What are you talking about? You have an earthly father, but we have a spiritual father. Amen. Amen. And he's God Almighty. For God so loved the world. Amen. That he gave his only begotten son. That whosoever believeth in him should not perish. There's the promise right there. I thank you, Lord. I shall never perish. Amen. But have everlasting life. Amen. Amen. To believe on the Lord Jesus Christ is life everlasting. Yes. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that through but that the world through him might be saved. Amen. He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not is condemned. So you see, man brings condemnation upon himself. Right? God has given man a choice. I have pardoned the entire world if you believe on me. Amen. Amen. I have paid the price for the entire world if you believe on me. Now the choice is back to you. Free moral agency to the ones that believe gets eternal life. To the ones that reject is condemned. Is the Bible clear. Amen. So he paid the price. Amen. SO THAT THE ENTIRE WORLD CAN go free. But the choice is in man's hand. He that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. 2 Corinthians 6 and verse 18. I want to lay these scriptures as a form of teaching and I want to put these scriptures there so that we can rest assured and see who we are. You know the world is struggling with identity. Not only these transgender people and these gays and lesbians, man himself is struggling for identity. They want to know their purpose. Is there a God? That's why you get these atheists questioning. Is there a God? Where did I come from? What is my purpose here on the earth? And where am I going to? Three fundamental questions every man must answer. Where did I come from? Amen. We came from God. What is my purpose here on the earth? To manifest him on the earth. Amen. Where am I going to? Amen. We are going to a new Jerusalem. We can answer those three questions. Amen. But most men can't answer that question. They don't know where they came from. Some believe they evolved from apes. Yeah. Some believe they evolved. Some Some don't know where they are going to. Some believe that when they die, they're going to come back as a rat, as a cockroach. That's the belief. They don't know the answer to these questions. And most of them don't know what their purpose is here on earth. Because if you don't know where you came from, you don't know where you're going, then your purpose here is meaningless. You feel it's just for 70 years, 80 years, and then that's it. M close your eyes and you're forgotten. But the gospel presents the truth to us. Amen. Yes. 2 Corinthians 6:18 says that I will be a father unto you. You shall be my sons and daughters, sayeth the Lord Almighty. Amen. Amen. So you are sons and daughters of the most high God. Hallelujah. And I'm emphasizing this again. God cannot have powerless people. Amen. God cannot have powerless sons and daughters. Amen. Not my God. HE'S TOO POWERFUL TO REPRODUCE HIMSELF. A POWERLESS CREATURE. RIGHT. Galatians 3 and 26. See how we become children of God. Now, very small scriptures, very oneliners, but it's powerful. Galatians 3:26 says, "For here are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus." Amen. Amen. How are you children of God? Say it throughus. Through faith. Through faith in him. You must believe. Amen. You must believe in Christ Jesus. Then you are children of God. Here now we answer the first question where we came from. Ephesians 1:5. Having predestinated. Your destiny is predetermined. Amen. Predestined us. Yes. predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself. Amen. According to the good pleasure of his will. Now pay attention to the scripture because predestination only speaks about sunship. Amen. Amen. Yes. Predestination doesn't speak about you in seed form. Predestination doesn't speak to you about you being in bride form. Predestination doesn't speak to you about you being the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ. What does predestination speak about? You don't believe me? Produce another scripture in the Bible that tells me you are predestinated to be the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ. Produce another scripture that tells me any other thing. Predestination talks about you being adopted children. Amen. Sons and daughters. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Every other thing is in type in type in type. We are the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ. Why? To reproduce his life to make us sons and daughters of God. That's the finished product. Christ will fully adopt us at the resurrection. Amen. Of the saints and our TRANSLATION OF THE BODIES. AMEN. Because we cannot be fully ADOPTED IN THESE BODIES. THIS BODY NEEDS TO CHANGE. THE FINAL PROCESS OF ADOPTION IS THE BODY CHANGE. AMEN. THEN WE'LL BE IN OUR FULL AUTHORITY. WE'LL BE IN OUR FULL POWER. AMEN. AMEN. Right now, we are in that amateur stage coming. Amen. Speaking the word. Amen. Taking for dominion, taking authority over Satan's kingdom. Tearing down principalities. Amen. Amen. How can one have children if he doesn't have a wife? So God had a bride through seven church ages and that wife must reproduce his own life. Amen. That life pre-produced makes you a son and daughter of God. Amen. There it is. There predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself. 1 John 3 and1. Don't get tired of these scriptures now. Amen. I know you don't read your Bible at home, so I'm reading it for you. Now, when they asked you when last you read your Bible, you can say today. John 3:1. Behold, what manner of love the father had bestowed upon us. Amen. That we should be called the sons of God. Yes. Therefore, the world knoweth us not because it knew him not. So, don't seek framing the world. The world reject if the world is accepting you something is wrong. Then you are not like your father. You are not like Jesus. If the world rejected Jesus because of what he stood for, they will reject you because of what you stand for. Yes. Beloved, now are we the sons of God? Is it tomorrow? Amen. Now, are we the sons of God? It does not appear what we shall be, but we know when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. Amen. One more scripture there to emphasize this point. Ro, Revelation 21:7. He that overcometh shall inherit all things. This is now not to the seven church ages. That is found in you know which book. Revelation 3. To him that overcome. To him that overcome. To him that overcome. This is now the end. Revelation 21. He that overcome shall inherit all things. Amen. How many if you can already see yourself there? How many if you can already see yourself as an inheritor? How many if you can see yourself? ENVISION IT. AMEN. AMEN. I will be his God and he shall be my wait is not people. He shall be my what? There are many peoples. But there's something about a son. There's something about the bloodline. There's something about that seed. Amen. Why? What does son speak about? inheritance. Amen. Amen. I have an inheritance. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Romans 8:12. Amen. Now, I'm going to bring it even further because how many of you when you look at the life of Jesus and you see him there come forth and he turns water into wine and he speaks to the storm and he speaks to the wind and he raises the dead and he cleanses the lepers and a man who has no eyeballs he eyeballs he takes mud and he puts it there and he creates eyeballs for Amen. And a man who's blind, Bartameus, he gives him back his sight. Amen. All manner of sicknesses and diseases, Jesus was healing. Thank you, Lord. How many of you know you have the same power? Amen. Come on now. Swallow. Swallow. Swallow. Glory. How many of you know you are? WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT, you must say that's me. Because didn't it say she is him? What is it? Now we are reproducing the feminine part of him. Amen. There was a mystery in Christ. Like there was a mystery in Adam. God took the mystery out of Adam. And put Eve on display. Now in the last time, Jesus Christ has a bride. He has taken his bride from his side at Calvary and he's put her on display. G. But every time you see these things, yes, marvel at what Jesus did, but say that's my potential. Amen. Amen. Come on now. Glory. I know this is hard for you, some of you to believe this, but we are going into another level. Amen. We are progressing in Christ. Amen. What we see our husband do, what we see him do in masculine form, he is doing in feminine form. You say, "Oh, but I don't see these things." Let me tell you something. All God's children pray for the sick and they are healed. You don't believe me. You say, "Oh, but Genesis, Abraham, Abraham had to pray for the sick." If you go and read about Aimilec when he didn't want, see, some of you are already frowning and you're thinking, "I never When Amalecch took his wife, God struck him with a disease and he told him, "Tell my prophet to pray for you." Amen. Right. Amen. If you go and find it in the Bible, I'll give you some homework. could read there in Genesis. The Bible says, "And when Abraham laid hands on him and prayed for him, God healed him." So these signs shall follow them that believe all the way from Abraham's time till now. You know why people uh lay hands on the sick and they don't recover? What do you think the key is it? Believe. They're doing it out of form, out of ritual, but they don't believe. These signs shall follow them that believe. Amen. This is an attribute of a son and daughter of God. Amen. Your husband is sick. You go there and you lay hands on him. Amen. Your wife is sick. Go lay hands on her. Your daughter is sick. Son is sick. Stop running and say, "Are you where's my medical card?" Hey, therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. What is a debtor? You owe somebody something. But he's saying we don't owe it after the flesh, right? To live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. Amen. Now watch. For as many as led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Amen. So you can't claim to be a son of God and you're not led by the spirit of God. The sons of God are led by the spirit of God. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. Here's Ephesians 1:15 coming into light now. But you have received the spirit of adoption. Amen. Whereby we cry aba father. Glory. Amen. The spirit itself bearing witness with our spirit. Amen. Didn't he say I'll give you a new spirit and then I'll put my spirit within you. Amen. Amen. So he's saying the the Holy Spirit is bearing witness with our spirit that we are what? The children of God. And if children then what? Amen. We have an inheritance. God, God has something to give to us. Amen. And some of you couldn't swallow what I was saying about Jesus. them. You are joint hairs with who? Joint hairs with Christ. You know what joints is? It doesn't mean that Jesus gets 75 and you get 25. What is joint tears? Ah, some of you don't believe this. Now ah some of you want only a 5%. Some of you saying I only give 10% so I only I'm satisfied with 10% blessing. Do you know the scripture on tithing doesn't say how much the Lord is going to give you back. He only says I'll do it pressed down, shaken together, and running over. Thank you, Lord. The the misers are the banks, not God. What's the highest interest rate you can earn? Caleb, you'll know. 10. You see, they base it off tithing. But not God. God says, "I'll press down. If I tell you to pack a suitcase full of money, press it down so you can fill more. Press down. shaken together and running over. Amen. Joint hairs with Christ. 50/50 partnership. Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't that what it is in a marriage? 50/50 partnership. Amen. That's why you see these people getting divorced. They want half of everything. But what's half of nothing? joint ears with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we might also be glorified together. Amen. So we've got to suffer if you want to be joints. Amen. Hallelujah. Suffer with him that we also might be glorified together. Amen. Here you find the brother Random is telling us that the seed of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Glory be to his name. Amen. You become a new creature. Did we get back to the slides there? The seed of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Let's see if they can find me here. Amen. We're coming to the slides now. So, you become a new creature because you're a seed of God that comes into the earth. You don't have to be babyed and petted and brought into something. Amen. here. Now, Romans 8:15 is going to reestablish this for some of you who say, "Oh, I I I need further scriptures, brother. Further scriptures about this predestinated to adoption, spirit of adoption." We just read Romans there. Amen. Galatians 4:6 says, "Because you are sons, Galatians 4:6, because you are sons, God had sent forth his spirit of his son into your hearts." Amen. What is that? The Holy Ghost. Because you are sons, God has sent his spirit. Amen. He's not sending his spirit to anyone else. The rain has come for you. Amen. Come on now. The rain has come for you. The spirit has come for you. Amen. God has sent forth the spirit of his sons into your hearts crying our father. Amen. Amen. Amen. We've got to cry out to THE LORD. AMEN. WE'VE got to call upon his name. Amen. Amen. What do you think Joshua was doing there that day when he called the sun to attention? WHEN HE CALLED the moon to attention? What do you think we did here at Mother's Day when it was going to rain? Prophesied to be raining. Amen. According to these modern prophets, sons of God called to their father and said, "There shall be no rain." Amen. Amen. What did I do there? In a split second, I took it from Joshua and I brought it to a present tense. Amen. Amen. And I can even bring it in your future prophecy over your life right now that if you believe on the Lord, Amen, nothing shall be impossible unto you. If you raise up to your sunship and your authority, nothing shall be impossible unto you. Amen. Let's go quickly to 1 Thessalonians chapter 2. Amen. Verse 11. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You say, "Brother, you giving me biryani this morning. It's all mixed. I'm preparing your appetite. I'm giving you spiritual biryani. Amen. Hallelujah. 1 Thessalonians 2:1. As you know, we exhorted. What does that word exalted mean? Now, learn fathers pushes you to succeed. One of the meanings of that word exhort. Encourages. Yes. Amen. Now, sometimes father's words can be very destructive on their children. If you continually put them down, you are to praise them when they do good things and correct them when they are wrong. Sometimes all their children hear is correction, correction, correction. They never hear a good word. Well done, good son. Didn't Jesus on Mount Transfiguration, this is my beloved son. Hallelujah. Whom I am well pleased. You know what fathers do? They go tell the mother you did well. Now the mother was where your father said you did very well. Now I know I know it's mostly here in the Indian community. We have a go between it's like you can't express your heart right but here now you know how we exalted we pushed you to succeed how we encouraged you and comforted comfort fathers learn Paul is telling about his attribute as a father do you know Paul had sons Timothy Titus Onimus he had sons I push I encourage you. Amen. Comforted means to console, to support, to reassure. Amen. Because children need reassurance. Children sometimes growing up in life, they don't know who they really are. They're trying to find themselves. Reassure them. Son, if you continue on this right track, I reassure you, you shall succeed. You shall come out the right way. Amen. You need to guide your children every step of the way. Don't leave them to the world to grow them up and bring them up. Amen. They were given to you. Amen. Not until a certain age only. Lead them and guide them. Give them wisdom. Amen. Amen. Here's the last part. The last part is instruct. The last part charged. So I exhorted. I comforted first. Not the other way. Don't only charge. Charge means to instruct, control, give instruction. Amen. So I exhorted, comforted, and charged every one of you as a father dock his children. Amen. You see, that's the biblical way. He's telling you like a father does to his children. So what are we learning your fathers? I'm going to say it again now. First, you push them to succeed. You encourage them. And when they succeed, you reward them. Amen. Right. Then they need comfort and comforted. Console, support, reassure, then charge. Amen. Instruct, give instruction. Yes. Every one of you as your father do his children. Amen. Then in verse 12, that you walk worthy of God who had called you unto his kingdom and glory. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. How many of you love the scriptures? Amen. That's reaffirming who we are in Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. I tell you, if you're speaking to any sickness, keep speaking to it. Amen. If it won't leave, Amen. Maybe it's stubborn, you keep speaking to it. You keep speaking the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm doing things, Amen. that may seem ridiculous to people. I'm not accepting any disease, any sickness. Amen. I'm speaking to any situation. Amen. There's no mountain that must stand in my way. Some come to me. Oh, leave me alone. I'm just a heal. I don't want any heels in my way. I want a clear pathway. Hallelujah. Amen. How many of you know you can speak sickness out of your life? Some of them tell you, "Hey, my father had cancer. My father had a history of heart disease." Don't accept that. Amen. Cut off their generational curse. Amen. Say, Lord, I thank you, Lord, that I have a perfect, welllete body. I thank you, Lord, that sugar diabetes DOESN'T TROUBLE MY BODY. I THANK YOU, LORD, THAT ALL MY arteries are flowing. Oh God, flowing with blood. There's no blocked arteries. Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that my cholesterol levels are normal. I thank you, Lord, that I have no cancer. Oh Lord, I thank you, Lord, for a well body. I thank you, my blood pressure is normal. Speak the revelation of your faith. Speak a well body. Amen. Lord, thank you Lord. Speak it. Don't don't don't be reactive after or the doctor diagnoses then you want to go pray. Believe me, by that time doubt and reasoning and everything is setting in. That's right. Amen. You really got to be a strong man of faith. Amen. Then now you're laying there on the bed and you're looking at all these people coming and praying for you and then now you want people to feel sorry for you. They're telling you don't confess negative thing. Ah, he's not going through that. See how he's talking? He's not feeling the pain. He's telling me when I'm feeling the pain, he's saying, "I'm going to say there's no pain. I'm pain free. Praise the Lord." Hey, that's how we humans think. But the brother is coming to speak faith into you. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's read Peter. Amen. Let's just reaffirm these scriptures. Peter 1:23. We were born again. But look at what he says. Being born again not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. The grass witherth, and the flower thereof fadeth away. But the word of the Lord endureth forever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you. Amen. Now, we know the word is a seed. Now quickly I want to go to this in first uh Timothy 5 and1 first Timothy 5 and 1 to show you something here. It says rebuke not an elder but entreat him as a father. Amen. Right. And the younger men as brethren. Right. Amen. What is the younger men? Everyone say the younger man has Hey, how you brew? L man. Now I know this is foreign for the overseas people. I'm sorry. They don't know what I'm talking about here. We are brothers. And I really want this to change in this church because there's a familiar spirit amongst us. That's right. We don't respect officers. We don't respect people. We don't respect our brothers and our sisters. I don't want you to call anyone on firstname basis. It's brother this and brother that and sister this and sister that. Amen. If you got a pet name for someone in the confines of this church and in the confines of the church hours, you address them as brother and sister. Amen. Amen. Amen. They are your brother and sister. Amen. Let's maintain that. Yes. Amen. You got to have respect. You've got to address them in their office. Brother, sister, who didn't I just describe that they are joint ears with Jesus? They are the brother and sister of Jesus. Amen. And you refer to them anyhow. Call them anyhow. That's right. Don't we call Lord Jesus? Amen. Now, we're not asking you to go to that extreme. We are saying brother Brother. Amen. Now, I know it's going to take some training. You may slip up the first time. It's okay. But the person now listen. How you going to help them? The one who is calling you. When they call you by your first name, like say it's brother this. Amen. It will imprint in their memory. Lot of sheepy screens here. It will imprint on their memory. Correct them once and they'll always remember it. What am I saying? Why am I saying correct them? Help them. I'm saying help them get accustomed to these things. Amen. Amen. When you're going, "Okay, brother. I'll see you later." Yes. Okay, sister. Pray for me. I'll pray for you, brother. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. This is Christian conduct. Amen. Yes. This is the way we ought to conduct oursel in the house of the Lord. Why am I saying these things? Young people are growing up not knowing these things. They're looking at the older people talk to one another like that and what example are we setting for them? The next generation will be so casual. They'll come to church in in their uh tracksuits because that's the generation. That's how they gone. They don't feel the need for reverence and respect. Amen. Rebuke not an elder and treat him as a father. Second Timothy 1 and2 to Timothy my beloved son. Talking about sons now in the gospel. To Timothy my dearly beloved son. Amen. Grace, mercy, and peace from God the father and Jes Christ Jesus our Lord. Go to Titus 1 and4. Titus 1 and4 says to Titus my own son after the commun common faith grace mercy and peace from God saying greeting to all his sons. Thank you Lord. You may be saying why do you speak about this? Because you may not want to believe this. I have sons. Amen. Amen. I have sons in the gospel. Amen. That I'm training up. I am grooming up. Amen. That when it's time for me to leave this place, sons have risen. Where do I learn this from? We had a father. Amen. We had a good spiritual father in this house. Who raised up sons. We got generations of preachers here. We got brother Sani. [clears throat] How many years ago was that brother Sani? What? 40 40 years ago. Amen. When brother Joshua came in, he saw the potential in brother Joshua raised up sons. Amen. Now, a lot of you may think that I am in here because of an inheritance. I'm telling you, you're solely mistaken. Amen. You ask brother Joshua if my father ever favored me above him. Ask him that. If you ever know anything, you would know the amount of reproof and correction we got. Amen. You that are seated here and have been in the ministry for years and all these years, you would know that I was given no extra preference over the other brothers to preach here. Amen. Right. So, it wasn't a thing to push someone forward. I am here because when God ascended on high, he gave gifts unto men. Amen. And he gave some pastors, teachers, apostles. and you will reaffirm that. Amen. Now we have raised another crop of ministers that are coming on. What are we doing? We are seeing the progression of the gospel. Amen. Did you hear what a fine job brother Jeffer did on Wednesday? Amen. Another crop is coming in on the scene. Amen. What are we doing? We are raising sons in the gospel. The gospel must go on. Amen. Amen. This is not about selfish motives. This is about seeing the kingdom of God established on the earth. Amen. Amen. Amen. So here I was telling you about Pastor Ronnie and how he stood firm for the word of the Lord. The reason we can stand firm is because he never deviated from the word. Amen. Where there was a dot, he put a dot. Where the tea was crossed, he crossed the tea. Amen. He wanted to see the house of God established. He had a desire for the things of God. He had a concern for the people of God. Amen. And he labored all these years. He swed. Amen. So that another one can come and water and another one can come and reap an harvest. Amen. Amen. Amen. Didn't we see progression? Amen. Hallelujah. Even after he went on, Amen. the church has been growing. Amen. The church has been blossoming. Amen. Didn't we see the young people get baptized? Make a commitment for the word of the Lord. The church is prospering. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. There's fruit on the vine. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to his name. Thank you, Lord. Amen. God, you say he's a father. Yes. Let's turn to Psalm 68:3. Amen. I promise you we're going to finish on time, which means I've got another 12 12 minutes. Hallelujah. Everyone say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Amen. I got 12 minutes like the 12 apostles. Amen. Blessed be the name. I like that. Praise the Lord, brother. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hey, I'm excited. Amen. That the Lord is doing something. Amen. Amen. Psalm 68:3 says, "But let the righteous be glad." Amen. Are you righteous? Amen. Oh, I'm glad. Amen. Let them rejoice before God. Amen. Let them exceedingly rejoice. Sing unto God. Amen. Sing praises to his name. Amen. I like the songs, brother Jeff, you sang today. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Sing praises to his name. Amen. Extol him that rided upon the heavens by his name. Yeah. Amen. Amen. And rejoice before him. Why? Thank you, Lord. He's a what? You say, "I don't have a father." Look here. He's a father to the fatherless. Amen. And he's a what? a judge of the widows. Amen. You be careful how you treat widows. You be careful how you treat the fatherless. Amen. What is he saying here? I'm a father to the fatherless. They are my They are [clears throat] my people. I take care of them. You mess with them, I'll sort you out. I'm a father to the fatherless and I'm a judge to the widow. Is God in his holy habitation? Now very quickly we're going to go through this in the mind of God. Now remember God is a spirit. Amen. All right. Or can I say let me just leave it there. God is a spirit. Right. And in him was attributes. Before there was anything in him was attributes, thoughts in his mind. One of the thoughts was Jesus Christ. Amen. He had two thoughts. He had Jesus Christ and he had you sons and daughters. Amen. And both have to be expressed in flesh. Right? So in every seed he's written your part of the story. So what did he do? He put his seed within you. That seed gene within you. When you were born into the earth, that seed gene was already in you. Amen. You may have grown up in life for 20 years, 30 years, 40 years without that gene being germinated to life, without that seed coming to life. But in you was a seed of God. Amen. God lets you run through your course of life until your appointed time when light would strike that seed. Right. Amen. Amen. So when light strikes the seed, you've got to water the seed. Amen. Okay, let me go through the process. When when you have a seed, what you've got to do first? Bury the seed. First, you've got to bury the seed. So the seed must be buried in Christ. Then you've got to water the seed. Then you've got to expose it to sunlight. Amen. So you've got to bury yourself in the word of Christ. Don't leave yourself unwatered. Don't leave the seed unwarted without sunlight. And when it receives that, it will start to grow into the full potential of a son and daughter of God. Now, very quickly, let's go now to that quote. Amen. I think it's slide number [clears throat] Let's go to slide five. We'll go through these slides and we're going to close. I'm going to go through it as quickly as I can. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So we said God was a spirit, right? God could not fellowship in the spirit. So God became a man with us. This is the prophet. Now you couldn't back there because you were just a word in him. So back there Jesus was a thought. You were a thought. Jesus was an attribute. You were an attribute. So you couldn't fellowship. But now he manifested you and now he wants you to fellowship with him. Amen. Then he came down was made flesh so he could perfectly fellowship with you. Amen. Right? Then he goes on to say when he was expressed in flesh now the spirit moved on him again. Amen. Because there's unwritten parts of the seed in unwritten parts of the story in your seed. Your story is not complete yet. There are chapters yet to be read in your life. There are chapters yet to unfold in your own life. Everyone following my thought? The spirit moved on him again because there was some word had been wrote about him. You see it wasn't the full word wasn't revealed when he came there at the Jordan River. There was no word written about him. Amen. The some word had been wrote about him come from God through the prophet and he was led see what the unfolding word written about him. He was led to the slaughter like a lamb and the spirit moved upon him and led him and sent him to Calvar's cross. There he died and everything that was spoke of him in his death was fulfilled. Why now? There must be a purpose for everything. To bring light and life to all his predestinated seed of God that was upon the earth. Oh, say thank you, Lord. He died so that I can live. He brought the way to do it. He says here is the seed. The spirit brings the life transforming sons and daughters of God from the world of this dark chaos into be sons and daughters of God. Amen. Amen. And some of us were heading for good for nothing people but the light struck at the right time. Amen. Changed our lives around. Thank you Lord. Now if we are his sons his attributes he says you were in the loins of your father but your father could not have any fellowship with you until you was transformed into a body of flesh. Brother Caleb right now will experience what I'm talking about. His seed is still in a beding ground and he cannot have fellowship yet with that seed. Whether it's a boy and a girl or a girl, only the Lord knows right now. Right, Sister Sarah? We don't know yet. Right. Only the Lord knows. But that child that's being formed is predestinated to come on the earth. Amen. Yes. Amen. I'm excited for new sons coming on the earth. Amen. Have we got a name yet? You're not going to reveal it now, but we know there's one Judah coming forth. And I know he's going to raise up the praise in this church. Take it to another level. How many of you know you represent your name? Your name represents your character. There's no way we can name him praise and then he comes here and he's mute. [clears throat] He's going to shake things up. Amen. Hallelujah. So, you get what I mean? Brother Jeff knows what I'm talking. He can't have fellowship with his son as yet because he's not fully expressed on the earth. So you were in the loins of your father, but your father could not have had any fellowship with you until you was transformed into a body of flesh. You're an attribute of your father, not your mother. Your father who carries the blood. You may look like your mother, but you got the blood of your father. The germ lays in the father. And now your mother was an incubator that bear you bear the seed of your father and the earth in flesh is also an incubator. So now he's taking the earth as the body of flesh giving birth to you that bears the seed of God. Amen. Now if you were if you are a son and daughter of God then you were in the beginning you were in God at the beginning. You're his attribute. St. John 1 says in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. Amen. It says, now here's the important part. Then you were in the loins of Jesus. Amen. And went to Calvary with him. And you died with him. And you raised with him. And today we're sitting in heavenly places in him. Amen. Filled with his spirit. Sons and daughters of God, die with him. Raised with him. Give God praise. Amen. Hallelujah. [applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. You being flesh and him being flesh. See now both flesh is now expressed. Amen. First it was a thought in God's mind. But then he expressed Jesus. Then through time you were expressed. Now you being flesh and him being flesh then you can fellowship now. Amen. Ah but I leave Jesus to fellowship alone on Wednesdays. I feel s I like my alone time. I don't like to be crammed. I want my space. Jesus is so possessive. I'm an independent woman. He want to see me the whole day. Isn't that the modern woman? Give me my space. Why you keep phoning me? Especially when you're poor. Hey, why you keep phoning me the whole day? They want their space. Don't keep troubling me. I want my girl time. I want to go with my friends. I want my alone time. Amen. So he says here, where are we now? 237, you being flesh and him being flesh, then you can fellowship now cuz he was God's attribute of love. So Jesus is God's attribute of love. Amen. Amen. Jesus is God's attribute of love. God is love. And Jesus was God's attribute of love. And when the attribute of love was displayed, which was God himself, all the attributes that hung onto him came to him. Amen. All the father had given will come to me. Amen. Right. So did you learn that? Every attribute that God thought of Jesus came to him when he was expressed right. Every attribute that God thought of you to be an amateur son of God is now coming to you. Now we can fellowship was through the riches of his word and in you which you are part of. You are part of the word cuz he was the word in the beginning. You're the word now. Here he says every seed will bring forth of his kind reestablishing the thought you must be a powerful person. You must be a a son and daughter full of power because his seed can't be powerless. Just understand that one thought. If you don't understand anything about today's message when I'm preaching about our father is God. I am telling you that you are powerful. [crying] Every seed will bring forth of its kind. If you are seed of God, an attribute, a son of God, then the word of God is sown in you. And then when you hear the word of God, my sheep heareth my voice, a stranger they won't follow. Then every seed comes forth after its own kind. Son of God, daughter of God, power the spoken word in your mouth. If he said, "Let there be and it was." You can say, "Let there be and it was." If he spoke to a mountain, I can speak to a mountain. If he walked on water, I can. If he walked on water, I can walk on water. If he spoke to the winds and waves, I can speak to the winds and waves. See, he says, "Don't fear anymore. For every forain predestinated seed of God shall come to life when that light spreads across the earth." Amen. Of the glorious gospel in every age, it'll bring forth a crop that God ordained it to. He had raised it from the dead. Yes. Now, the seed don't need no pumping up. Go to the next one. You know, a genuine seed, you don't need to pump chemicals into it. Right? You don't need no pumping up. The power is within itself. You see me telling you about yourself, you don't need me to pump you up. I can't inject anything extra than what's the seed in you. The power lays in you already. All that I'm doing is making you recognize the power that's within you. I can't manufacture the power within you. Amen. No pumping up. Its power is within itself. It needs no priming. Yes sir. Its own life is in itself. That's the way the seed of God is in a man's heart. The life of God is within an individual, not in the church, in you. Amen. You make up the church collectively, but each of you are powerhouse. I'm closing with this one quote now. Amen. And this is going to sum it up. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Glory be to his name. Amen. This is slide 19 now. The very God that stood back there on the mythical platform of eternities and rolled the words off of his and created those things give you the privilege to be his son. Amen. Say thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. And you're a part of him. Amen. And God dwells in mankind and man himself is deity. Hallelujah. How many of you know what that word deity means? Divine. Amen. This is the prophet now. Yes. What message is he preaching? resurrection of Lazarus. Amen. He made you a part of him, gave you the privilege to be his son. God dwells in mankind and man himself is divine. Here he goes on to say, God dwells in man. The Holy Spirit that's in him is God and man becomes a son of God, not to himself, but the creator lives in the creation. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Now watch. When the creator lives in the creation, when the Holy Spirit is in you, then stand with an unwavering faith and ask what you will. Amen. It'll be done unto you. There he is God. Hallelujah. God speaking through his creation. Amen. I'm telling you, this thing is going to blow up. Amen. Right now, you may see it in its infancy. Maybe right now you may be grasping portions of the revelation. But when you can fully realize who you are as a son and daughter of God, Amen. you can stand before any situation. Amen. And if we become in spirit sons of God, deity dwells in the man. Amen. Then you talk about blind eyes being open. Amen. Then you talk about autism being gone. Then you talk about cancer being gone. Then you talk about our trouble being gone. We'll stop sicknesses. We'll stop diseases. Thank you, Lord. God said nothing is impossible with you if you'll believe. Amen. Dear it is in you. How many if you believe here? Amen. Then he quotes Matthew 17. For verily I say unto you, if you have the faith as a grain of a mustard seed, you'll say unto this mountain, remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove. Amen. must remove and nothing shall be impossible unto God. Amen. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Are we reading it right? And nothing shall be impossible unto who? Say me. Amen. Me. The one who has the grave faith, the size, even if it's a mustard seed faith. But you must speak now. You must speak with authority. You must recognize yourself as a son and daughter of God. We are building up now. We are climaxing. We are climaxing now. You know if they send an atomic rocket your way, you can speak to that rocket. Stop. Yes. Amen. They send a bullet your talk about matrix. They send a bullet your way. You don't have to dodge the bullet. They got all these guys. Hey, you can speak. Amen. You become a superman on the earth, a super daughter on the earth. A super son on the earth. Speak to your situations. I apologize for going 5 minutes over. I didn't mean to do that. God bless you. Let's stand together. [laughter] You know, people like to uh bring accusations. He said, "Of course, now you went 5 minutes over." Amen. Glory be to his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name. Amen. You are son and daughter of God. Son and daughter. Son, you are joint hairs with Jesus. Joint hairs. [music] Now, how many of you know when you got two children at home and the one that keeps asking the father for something gets it and the one who thinks I don't want to trouble my father and ask him anything doesn't get much but both of them are joint hair whose fault is it whose fault is it can he come and bring an accusation against the father you only spoil him you only buy the things he wants But then the father can go to the son, ask anything in my name. If you ask me anything, I'll buy it for you. But you're not asking me, son. Amen. How many of you know now that God said to you, "Ask anything in my name." Ask anything in my name. There's nothing impossible with God. And you just read now in Matthew 17, there's nothing impossible with you. Amen. Amen. He of the father joint ears with the son. Amen. Glory be to his name. Let's sing. Amen. [clears throat] He knows my name. Thank you. [music] I have a maker. [music and singing] Oh yes Lord. He formed my heart [music] before [singing] even time began. My [music] life was in. Oh son and daughter of God, he knows your name. Now sing, he knows my name. [music] He knows [singing] my name. [music] He knows [singing] my every fall. He sees [music] He sees [singing] each tear that falls and he hears [music and singing] me when I fall. Sing it now. I have a father. [music] I have a father. He calls me his own. [music] He calls [singing] me his own. [music] And he'll never leave me. He'll never [singing] leave me. [music] No matter [singing] where I go. singing. Oh, [singing] [music] he knows my name. [music] He [singing] knows my every thought. [music] He [singing] sees each tear that falls and he hears me when [music] I call. One more time. Let's sing. I am a father. Now let's call him. He loves me father. I have. Thank you Lord [music] that you're my father. He calls me [singing] his own. [music] He calls me. God's not ashamed to be identified with you in this time. [music] He'll never leave. No, [singing and music] no matter no matter where I go. [music] Singing. [singing] He knows [music] my name. [music] He knows. [singing] He knows my every thought. He sees He [music] sees each tear that falls [music] and he hears [singing] me when I call. [music] Daddy [singing] hears me when I call. [music] [singing] He hears me when [music] I call. Consider the liies. [music] They don't toil. Yes, Lord. No spin. [music] Thank you, Jesus. Yet there's [singing] not a king with more splendor [music] than these. Consider [singing] the sparrow. They [music] don't to soul. Oh yes, [music and singing] but they f by the master who [music] watches their glory. [singing] And [music] we have a heavenly father [singing] [music] above with eyes [music and singing] full of mercy and a heart [music] full of love. [music] And he really cares when your [music] head [singing] is alone. [music] Consider the liies [singing] and [music] then you will know. Amen. Can we talk to our father? Say thank you Lord Jesus. As we begin to thank him now for his word. Thank him Lord. Amen. For his goodness, his kindness. Amen. Thank him. Amen. That he is your heavenly father [music and singing] and that he watches over us. Amen. Hallelujah. As a father, he not only take cares of our physical needs. Amen. But he has come to bless us spiritually. Amen. He has come. Amen. To make us empowered by him. Amen. Empowered by the Holy Ghost, empowered as a son of God, empowered as a daughter of God. Father, we thank you Lord that you have not left us oh God powerless in this world oh [music] God but you have equipped us oh God you have brought us to our training grounds oh God [singing] and father you have made sure that we have enough provision in this time oh God [music] in the form of your word oh God to sustain us through this time Lord Jesus you are a good father who has met all our needs oh God we want to thank you father for meeting our daily needs oh [music] god for being our provision oh god for being our protector oh lord as a father You've protected us as a father. You've been our shield. Oh God, as a father, you've comforted us in us. Oh God, as a father, Lord, you've dried our tears. Oh God, as a father, you've encouraged us. Oh God, as a father, Lord, you fulfilled all your duties. Oh God, and what a good, good father you are, Lord Jesus. What a heavenly father you are. What a loving God you are, Lord Jesus. And we want to say thank you from the bottom of our hearts, Lord Jesus. Lord, we couldn't have asked for a better father, Lord. Lord, there are so many dying in the world and their father is the devil. Lord, who has stripped them naked, oh God, who has blinded them, oh God, who Lord has given them hell for an inheritance, Lord Jesus, has given them sicknesses and diseases, oh God. What a terrible father he is, oh [music] God. But we thank you, Lord, for you, oh God, who has given us truth, oh God. You have revealed your plan of salvation [singing and music] to us. You have revealed all seven seals to us. You have revealed back, oh God, brought back title D to us, oh God, so that we can be placed back as sons and daughters of the most high God. How we thank you, Father. We love you. We appreciate you, Lord. We want to say this morning, Lord. We reverence you, oh God. We honor you as our father, Lord Jesus. And we say, Lord, there is none like you, Lord. Oh God, you are father of all fathers. Oh God, you are king of all kings. You are lord of all lords. Oh majesty, you reign on high. Oh God, how we love you. We bless you, Lord. Glory [snorts] be to your mighty name. [music] Lord, we want to live our lives for you, Lord Jesus. We want to surrender all we have for you, Lord. [music] How we bless your name, Jesus. There's none like you, Father. We love you, Lord Jesus. Lord, Father, this morning, Lord, maybe some of your children here now standing. They may be sick and body. They may have a need. They may have a desire. Maybe they need finances. And maybe they need [music] provision in this life. Maybe they need a job. Maybe they need a permanent job. [music] And some want to progress to the next phase in their lives. And maybe they need a promotion. And the current provision is not sustaining them, oh God. Maybe inflation is causing them, Lord, not to be sustained, oh God. But Lord, even as you took care of those sparrows, we are asking you, Jehovah, Gyra, to come, Lord, and meet the need, oh God. Thank you, Lord. I pray you'll grant to them a promotion. I pray you'll grant to them finances, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I pray, Lord, those that are desiring the sincere word of God, to grow in the spiritual things of God, desiring more of you, Lord. I pray, Lord, that their couple overflow, Lord, that they will grow in revelation and in wisdom, Lord Jesus. Amen. And Lord, I pray Lord that even as their soul prospers, let them prosper, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. As they grow up in the word and build upon their most holy faith, may they prosper in the natural things in [music] life. May they be in health, oh God. I pray you'll heal every sick person. Lord, I pray, Lord, that you will touch them now, Father. And Lord, even as you said healing is the children's bread, I pray Lord you'll stretch forth your hand to heal, to [singing] deliver, to set free. Oh God, joint ears with the son. Children of this kingdom, we are family. [music] We are one. Amen. We are hes [singing] [music] oh of the father. Yes, I'm [music and singing] a joint with a son. We [music] are children [singing] for his kingom. Oh, we are [music and singing] family. Oh, we are. Oh, we are. We are. [music and singing] Oh, the we are [singing and music] joints with the son. [music] Oh, we are children [singing] of his kingdom. We are family. in our [music] word. One more time. We are Yes. Yes. [music] Oh, God [singing] our father. We are [music] joined. Yes. Oh, [music] our father is gone. [singing] Amen. We are children. Oh, he's [music] king. We are [singing] family. We are [music] one. Oh, give God a praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads for prayer. Amen. Let's say grace over the meals even as we dismiss. Amen. God bless you. Amen. [clears throat] Our heavenly father, we thank you Lord. Father once again for a blessed time in your presence. Oh God, truly these are good times. Father be seated together in heavenly places. Lord, fed of our father, oh Lord. Amen. Oh Lord, we want to tell you how much we appreciate you, oh God. Thank you, Jes. What a good father you have been, Lord. Oh father, you're our source of strength when we need strength. Lord, you provide for us when we need provision. Oh God, you've opened our eyes and not left us in gross darknesses. Lord, oh age of gross darkness. Oh God, you've revealed yourself unto us, oh God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we just appreciate you, Lord. How privileged [music] we are, oh God. And Lord, not only that, Father, but Lord, you are growing us up, Lord, to take over the Father's business, oh God. Signing powers are given unto us, oh God. Lord, oh Father, you are bringing us to that stage, Father. Oh Lord, and we thank you for the great tutor, the Holy Spirit. Lord, thank you, Jesus. And Lord, we know, Father, that we are growing each day, [music] Lord, closer and closer to that stature of a perfect man, oh God, the image of your son, Christ Jesus, Lord. Yes, Lord. And we thank you, Lord, that you're working on us, Jesus [music] Christ, on the inside, working on the outside, oh God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we pray [music] for each and everyone, Lord, that is here today, Lord. Yes, Jesus. May you grant them their heart's desires, Lord. Yes, Jesus. May you [music] meet with their every need, oh God. And I pray, oh Lord, that you'll give each and every one of us a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost. Oh God, a refilling this morning, oh God. And Lord, Father, I pray you'll even bless, oh Lord, the fathers in this assembly, oh God. We thank you, Lord, for the godly example, Lord, that they are setting and leading as [singing] a spiritual priest in their [music] homes. And we pray you continue, Lord, to bless them, Lord. Bless their families. Bless each family, Lord. And I pray, oh God, that even as we have fellowship now, Lord, that you will be with us, oh God. Amen. [music] Bless the meals, Lord. We pray, Lord, that you will bless it unto our bodies. And we give you thanks for it, Lord. We give you praise and glory for your provision, oh God. And Lord, even [music] as we go our separate ways thereafter, I pray you'll grant us safe traveling mercies. Lord, be with us through the week. Lord, protect us and deliver us from all temptation, all evil, and Lord, [music] keep us in that straight and narrow way. We pray, oh God, in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [music] Amen. God bless you. Amen. You may be seated. God bless you. Amen.
