################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - 🔴LIVE  A Chosen Generation With A Chance At The Word  Pastor Adrian Gengan  7 May 2025 - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-21
Title:    🔴LIVE | A Chosen Generation With A Chance At The Word | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 7 May 2025
Speaker:  Adrian Gengan
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 51m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkcN9_JPVGs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. I greet you all in the precious name, the holy name. Amen. The name that is above every other name. Amen. The name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. I pray that everyone is well. Amen. And hallelujah. Good to be back in the house of the Lord. We'll go to 1 Peter chapter 2:9. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 2:9 says, "But you are a chosen generation." Amen. A generation that is chosen, a royal priesthood, and holy nation, a peculiar people. that you should show forth the praises of him who had called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Amen. The Lord had blessings to the reading of his word. Amen. You can find the quotes. Amen. I'll send it to you there. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Amen. A chosen generation. Amen. They say a generation lasts between 25, 30 years. Some say 40 years. He's a generation. Amen. But God has a special chosen generation for the end time. Not like any other generation that we've seen before. Amen. It's a special class of people. Amen. And I want you to hear what the prophet of God would say here in the message. Amen. The spoken word is the original seed. Amen. He says each generation has its own revival. Amen. Each generation has its own revival. Amen. Now, since the prophet went away, it's now 60 years. So, I say a generation is having a revival. A word revival. Yeah. Amen. By what was sent to us by this vindicated prophet. And as the prophet would say, as light is needed, it'll be given. And we can see the unfolding of that statement. As light is needed, it is now given to us. Amen. You'll find that in the spoken word is the original seed, paragraph 110. Amen. Hallelujah. He says, "Each generation has its own revival. Amen. Now, what is a revival? It's a churning out. It's a getting rid of all the dross. If you watch, you go to the ocean, the beach, the beach is having a revival. It's throwing all the trash back onto the earth. Amen. So, when the Holy Ghost comes in our lives, it's cleaning out all the unwanted things in our lives. Amen. And he's trying to reestablish his purpose in our life. Now when Jesus is saying seek you first the kingdom of God, he's asking you to seek the Holy Ghost. He's saying the first thing must be the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. The first thing must be the Holy Ghost. Because that's the kingdom of God that's within you. The Holy Ghost is the kingdom of God within you. So he says each generation has its own revival, a chance at the word. Amen. And then you go to paragraph 113 there he says that's why each generation has its revival God raises up a man sets him with the word with his word and starts him out for the message for that age. Hallelujah. So we have come now to a stage in the journey where we have seen scriptures unfold before our eyes. Scriptures that are hid from the wise and the prudent. Scriptures that people can read. They got physical eyesight. They can read scriptures, but they can't see it come to pass. Amen. They can read Malachi 4:5 and 6. They can read Revelation 101. Amen. All the way to verse 11. But nothing is quickened to them. But the Holy Ghost is placed in our hearts to quicken the word for our age. Amen. And praise the Lord. I want you to see what the prophet of God is saying here. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You can pick up this message in I have heard but now I see. This is all now in 1965. Amen. I have heard but now I see. I want you to see. Amen. I want you to leave your confident that the Holy Ghost, you have received the Holy Ghost. Amen. The fact that you are sitting here is evidence that you have received the Holy Ghost. I want you to hear how the prophet of God says this. Amen. In I heard by now see paragraph 103. He says no matter how religious you are, how many churches you belong to, how many books your name's on, if that genuine Holy Ghost is in you, which is the word manifested. So the Holy Ghost in you is the word manifested. Watch what he says. Now you'll see the message and the hour because it's the Holy Ghost that does it. That's why you got to seek the Holy Ghost first. Amen. So he's saying the Holy Ghost, if it's the genuine Holy Ghost, you'll see the message and the hour. Not only the message, you'll see the hour. Amen. Because it's the Holy Ghost that does it. Hallelujah. Let's put up that picture if you can. Amen. If you got that picture this, now I want you to know things happen on and and it's not for no reason. This picture fleshed all over the news, fleshed all over the internet. This here is a culmination of Revelation 13. It's not there for no reason. Because there's a voice that will speak like the dragon. But watch how they flesh it in the media. But watch what the prophet of God says. If you go back to the quote, you'll see the message and the hour. You'll see the year being marked. Hallelujah. You'll see Revelation 13. The voice speaking for the dragon. Praise the Lord. Signs coming closer and closer and closer. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Now, if we go back to that quote, I just want to finish off watch where he takes us. Now, right, there has to be something light that off. Inspiration must strike you. If you pour water on the ground and there's no seed in there to strike it, how can it bring forth anything right now? Remember, there's a gene seed within you. There's nothing there to bring forth. That is it. That only the elected of God will see it. Now you know why we are called a special class of people. Hidden from the eyes of the wise and prudent but revealed to babes such as would learn. Amen. So I want you to see yourself as God sees you. God sees you as the most royal priesthood, a chosen generation. Don't matter what the world thinks of you or how they view you. Don't matter what denominations think of you, family, friends, whatever they think of you, God sees you as the most important people on the earth right now. You are moving God's program forward. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many of you know why the Holy Ghost, you don't feel the Holy Ghost move like a mighty rushing wind right now, even though God could do it? How many of you know why? Amen. God could come. Mighty rushing winds sweep through this place right now. Hey, pin drop. How many of you know why? So the Holy Ghost, now think of God's condescension. He was father, spirit. He condescended to word, theophony body, and he was made flesh. Right? But in the in the Godhead, it is father, son, and holy spirit. But the holy spirit was not made to float around like a ghost. The Holy Ghost was sent to tabernacle men. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost is not meant to be around like a mighty rushing wind. When it's coming to tabernacle men, hello. Come on, somebody catch this. When it's coming to tabernacle men, it's coming like a mighty rushing wind. But then it appears to them like cloven tongues of fire and then it goes into man. So if there is to be another mighty rushing wind, the church must be in action and must be on the move for you to see the mighty rushing wind move. If the church is still, the Holy Ghost won't be moving. So the only way you'll see another mover like a mighty rushing wind is when the church is on the move. When God is in the in the church in action. Hallelujah. We're looking for physical manifestations on the outside when the Holy Ghost is inside us. And we are supposed to unleash. Hallelujah. Stop looking for external signs. Stop looking for sensations. The one that was sent is in you. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to his name. So I'm saying be a generation that has a chance at the word. Amen. That's what the prophet said there. Each generation has a chance at the word. This is no other time and no other age. This is a chance for the age of adoption. Hallelujah. We are candidates. Amen. Where Amen. The Lord is working in us to bring us to such a place now where the final part will be our body change. The final process of adoption. Amen. So now's the time not to slack up. Now's the time, Amen, to be on fire for God. Now's the time to move with the Holy Spirit. Amen. Now's not the time to backslide. In fact, you can't get a son and daughter of God to backslide. Backsliding is not in our language. Amen. We don't know what it is to backslide. Amen. We only knew what it is to move forward, onward, and upward. Amen. The church is likened to an eagle. The church is not an eagle, but it's likened to an eagle. Come on, somebody. Amen. You The church is made up of sons and daughters of God. And sons and daughters of God are higher than an eagle. But it's likened to an eagle because it flies to the heavenlies. It's not a a earthbound bird. Neither does it eat stagnant meat. old food lying around every day. The the meat must be fresh, must have a fresh kill. So have your chance at the word for your generation. Amen. You were chosen for this time and season. Praise the Lord. Amen. You were not chosen, Amen. for no other season, no other time. You're not chosen for the tribulation. Praise the Lord. You were not chosen for the tribulation. Neither were you chosen prior at the outpouring of the gifts. You were not chosen for Pentecosta street outpouring. So then you must be chosen for something else. You were chosen here when it's the first time the gentile world has seen a gentile prophet and all of them missed it except you. That's why he's saying it's the Holy Ghost in you recognizing this. Hallelujah. Now, let's follow that. He says only the elected of God will see it. The elected of God seen it in Noah's time, Moses time, Jesus time, the apostles time, Luther's time, Wesley's time, Pentecostal time, because that was the seed that was on the earth when this inspiration was poured out. Amen. Then he says, "Now while the inspirations poured out to gather the bride together." Somebody tell me that's a shout. To gather the living saints. He says, "Now while the inspiration's poured out to gather the bride together, it's only those who are elected will see it." Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "So I thank thee thou that that thou has hid these things from the eyes of the wise and prudent and revealed it to babes such as we'll learn." Watch how he ends it. He says, "Now inspiration has to strike it." So he's saying that that's like saying the dynamics must come upon the mechanics. Yes. Remember, this is not child's plane. Now, this is 1965. He's fixing to go off the scene. So, he's giving in nuggets here. Inspiration must strike it. Dynamics must come upon the mechanics. Hallelujah. So, when he's saying dynamics must come upon the mechanics, he's saying it's time to switch it up a higher gear. Amen. It's saying it's time to get away. Amen. From the automobile age. Time to get away from the aeroplane age and time to get into the astronaut age. Amen. Glory, pressurized different. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Conditioned different. Amen. Conditioned to to to leave the elements of this world and move into heavenly places. Amen. Do you know there's a certain level in the atmosphere where a normal man can't breathe? But we are conditioned now to move into heavenly places. Glory. Now watch the cares of this life will come to choke that seed and pull you back down to the earthly realms. Hallelujah. You're a son of God. Somebody comes now to interfere with you. God is putting you through testings and trainings and trials in your life every day. As a son of God, you're under a tutor, under a guide. Amen. So watch how we react in these situations because what is that pulling you out of heavenly realms into a hurtly realms. Now suddenly you want to pull up your sleeves and fight. Suddenly you want to argue with somebody. Suddenly you want to be carnal and be fleshly. What is that? That is not representing the kingdom of God. You can't be one day in the kingdom of God or maybe one minute in the kingdom of God, the other day in the kingdom of the world. Amen. You're coming back in the kingdom of God and calling yourself a son of God. The Bible says, "Don't be a reproach for his name." Hallelujah. We find people are too proud in this time. Amen. Too proud in this season. Pride. Hallelujah. Very hard for people. Amen. To humble themselves. To humble themselves to the word of God. Hallelujah. Yeah. The Bible says clearly, if you offend one of these little ones, he says it's rather that a milstone be taken around your neck and you thrown into the ocean than to rather offend one of my little ones. I ask you again, we thrown into trials and situations every day of our lives, emergencies. Amen. Uh may maybe situations at work. Amen. Testings, trials at school. Amen. Wherever we are, how are we now reacting in those situations? You know what God is doing in those? You think God is bringing those situations? He says, "If you're my son, I will put you through these situations to try train you and bring you through those things. It's training grounds. The Christian walk is not a bed of roses. God is trying to develop or not he's trying God is developing our character. God's not going to take you push you through a pipe and pull you out on the other end and say you've overcome. He says no. You have to pay a price as well. There's a cross that you and I must carry. Amen. And I want you to know that when you come into God's kingdom, God's kingdom is not a kingdom of lack. Amen. God doesn't tell you seek the kingdom first because in the kingdom there's lack. Hallelujah. The kingdom of God is a superior kingdom. Amen. It's one that you can't compare with the worldly kingdom. Yeah. We earn a few rands, we buy a few things, and we walk around with status. in God's kingdom. Amen. Everything is unlocked to us in that kingdom realm where even the gold is pavement which means it becomes worthless. If the most treasured thing here on the earthly kingdom is some gold that you put around your neck or you put on your finger and you think you're somebody now you got gold here in God's kingdom he puts it on the floor. Amen. In God's kingdom there's no lack. Amen. is the prophet of God in this message. It says here, if you're laying sick or afflicted, there's a king of kings watching over you. So even when you're afflicted and in your your sick bed, there's a king watching over you. He says, "Do you not know that he's interested in your healing and in your welfare?" Come on now. Not just your healing, but your welfare. Do you know what gyra is? Provider. the God who provides. Amen. So in the kingdom, there's no lack. There's no lack of healing. There's no lack of welfare. Here in the welfare, they give you a couple hundred grand and you must be help happy with it. But that's Ramapora's economy. But I'm talking about the economy of the King of Kings, the economy of the Lord of Lords. Amen. Now every every government, every kingdom must provide basic rights for its citizens, rights to education, rights to protection. Amen. Hallelujah. Rights to uh they they even say it in our in our constitution, rights to decent housing, rights to clean water, rights there, they they list a whole lot of rights. Amen. Hallelujah. But I want you to know that in this kingdom of God that he's telling you to seek first, God has an economy set up for you. And that's economy that can't be equated with the earthly economy. Amen. Hallelujah. And the currency, what is the currency that operates in this economy? It's faith. Faith is the currency that unlocks every promise in this economy. Hallelujah. In this economy, you can unlock everything. And it's all by believing the word of God. Do you know if you're you got a sick person right here now, you can go to God's economy, which is his word, and use the currency called faith, to activate that word, and that sick can be healed right now. Thank you, Lord. Lord, if you're in lack and you need finances, come on now. There was a woman this woman at two sticks She had a cup of flour. She had some water oil. And she was going to She was in the earthly economy of Ahab. Was it Ahab? Of King Ahab. But yet she didn't know that there was supernatural was coming towards her and God had told his prophet, "Get to this woman for I have commanded a woman to nourish you." She didn't know that her last meal was going to nourish the prophet of God. Hallelujah. I'm telling you, there's another woman on the earth right now that's nourishing the word of the prophet of the Lord. There's no other group of people that's nourishing the word that stored up spiritual food in due season that's giving life to the prophet's word. There's only one group of people that's giving life to the prophet William Brandham's word. Thank you, Jesus. And that unlocks the supernatural economy. Because from the earthly now, she stepped into the heavenly economy. She stepped into God's economy. And there the barrel never run dry. There the cruise of oil never run dry. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So I say whose economy do you want to live in? Amen. Here we have Amen. the South African Defense Force for protection but and even the South African police and need I say the metro police but you can't trust these protection. Hallelujah. But in the army of the Lord Jesus Christ, he's taking care of our protection. Amen. He's Jehovah n our banner. Amen. Amen. Glory be to his name. Amen. And he's got angel armies that are watching over us. He says, "Don't you know though you that fear the Lord, the angel of the Lord encamps around you?" What does that mean? When you go to work, the angel of the Lord is going with you. It encamps with you. Amen. When you're going, Amen. to court, when you're going to school, wherever you're going, Amen. Though you're walking through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. We got to walk with a confidence. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God cares for our welfare. God cares for our everyday needs. Amen. God is a God who watches over us and his economy is unlocked to them that seek the kingdom of God first. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. He says, "Oh, come on." And if you are in his kingdom, you ought to operate like Jesus. I don't expect anyone to be in his kingdom and look down on people. Where you think you're superior than someone, I say even prostitutes can come to the church. I say even drunk can come to the church because the church is an hospital of God. It's here where sinners are made saints. Amen. It's the cleansing power of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. If we don't have that attitude, we'll be like Simon sitting in his house, scoffing at Jesus because an adulterous woman was washing his feet. Watch what he says now. He says, "Do you not know the King of Kings is watching you? Do you not know he's interested in your healing and in your welfare?" Now, how about you put a claim like that? Lord, you said you are interested in my welfare and I have need of this now. I don't have need of this tomorrow. Hallelujah. I have need of this now. In fact, your word already said by his stripes I was already healed. Your word says that I have a father who owns a cattle on a thousand hills. And I'm making a claim in this economy. Thank you, Jesus. You may be ever so sinful. Oh, once I was a sinner. Oh, nobody wants to agree to that. The Bible says we were born in sin, shaped in iniquity. You may be ever so sinful, but did you know he's interested in you becoming his subject? Sin knows no bounds. Sin can sin goes from I can name start naming it. So there's no limits to what he's saying here. You may be so sinful, but do you know he's interested in you becoming his subject? Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. You say, "But I'm just an insignificant person." Amen. But you're not in the sight of God. Somebody say this. I am not insignificant in the sight of my God. Thank you, Lord. God wants you. Come on. You may have been rejected by people on this earth, people that didn't want you. People that rejected you, but God wants you. God wants you. Somebody needs to hear this. God wants you. Amen. He loves you. And God so loved you that when his love was projected, sovereign grace taken its place and sent a savior to redeem you back to himself. Hallelujah. You see, when he was wounded for your transgressions, because God loved you. God saw the afflictions of his people and with his stripes, you were healed. God's grace making a way for his love required it. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And sometimes you don't know why. You can't fathom how things have patterned out the way it is. But there's a God who's been watching over you. And he says, "This is my beloved son. I've been watching over you. I've been protecting you. In the moments when you saw one set of footprints in the sand, that wasn't your footprints, my son. That was my footprints. And I was carrying you through every trial, through every circumstance, through every situation. I was the one carrying you. So don't be despondent. Don't be depressed. Don't be in anxiety. The King of Kings, the one that stood there, Amen. There in the beginning and said, "Let there be." He's our father. And yet we walk around living this life thinking that nobody loves me. Nobody cares for me. Praise the Lord. Let's put up Exodus 23 there. Amen. Hallelujah. Do you know the Lord knows how to comfort us? And just today, you know, coming home and and pondering on the service and what to speak on and then the Lord brings me back to the commission and he says, "Never forget this." Amen. He says, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared." Now, I'm going to say the only prepared place for you and I is the what, brother Joshua? Is the shout. It's the only prepared place for us. People want to be in the voice then I say die because the voice is for the sleeping saints. We have a lot you know we have moved into dangerous times where you got to be careful what you hear. People are preaching it with such authority but you won't find a quote for it. Come on now. It's either we got a a prophet that we believe, a vindicated prophet and we don't unnecessarily read between lines and create things in there that you can't back up with quotes. And now call it revelation, light of the hour. He says, "Bring the So who's bringing us through this place?" Somebody tell me the angel. Do you know the prophet of God says in that message uh when he's preaching about Rebecca I forget the message maybe time of decision he's talking about Rebecca and he says the angel of the Lord hooed her to the waters he was drawing her to the waters. Amen. The angel of the Lord was leading her to the prepared place. Behold, I send you Eliza the prophet. Amen. Which I have prepared. So who is leading us? The angel of the Lord led them in the first Exodus. The angel of the Lord led Paul in the second exodus. Acts 27:23. For they stood by me this night an angel of God whose I am and whom I serve. And the prophet of God when going to the cave, he said, "I left $23 in my bank account and I went to the cave. And when I went there, he said, "Out of a ball of light came a man, a 200lb man stood there all of complexion." He said, "I have come from the presence of God to tell you your strange and misunderstood life." Amen. As Moses was given two signs, you shall be given two signs. But every generation has a chance at the word. I say that same angel didn't des didn't ascend back to heaven. That same angel is here on the earth right now. The prophet of God says the angel of the Lord is on earth right now fixing everything. He's fixing it. Things going wrong in your life, there's a fixer here. Amen. Call the fixer. So say, "The angel of the Lord is here." The angel of the Lord is here. Even when you don't see him, I can feel him in the atmosphere. The angel of the Lord is here. In the face of death, start to sing. The angel of the Lord is here. When your cupboards are running dry, sing the angel of the Lord is here. I can feel him in the atmosphere. The angel of the Lord is here. To the prepared place. Let's go. Amen. Hallelujah. Beware of him. He's not one to be played with. Oh, if you read the book of Joshua, you'll see this angel of the Lord was not one to be played with. He didn't have time for fancy words with Joshua. Amen. Joshua went pulled out. He said, "Are you for us or against us?" He says, "I am, Amen, the captain of the host, and I've come to set the battle in the ray." Joshua, you think you're leading the battle, but the angel of the Lord is going before you. Amen. Hallelujah. I love this. Provoke him not for he will not pardon your transgressions. For who's what is in him? My name is in him. Amen. My name is in him. Now pay attention to this. Back here it was God above us. So it was like a distant relationship. When Jesus was there, it was God with us. So the relationship came closer. But when he ascended on high, he sent back his own spirit. And he came in me. Somebody say in me. So which means this angel and I share the same name. Oh, come on. So which means in the third exodus he changed brother Joshua because of marriage now and I give you two two scenarios because two witnesses one because of marriage and one because of birth the son that's born through the marriage has the same name as the father but remains a servant until the appointed time then he has given the same rights as the father's name. Praise the Lord. So the angel that's here on the earth right now is carrying the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And there's a people on the earth right now that's carrying the name in of the Lord Jesus Christ. And I say if two or more shall agree upon anything, if you and the angel of the Lord shall agree upon anything, oh come on somebody. If two or more shall agree upon anything touching anything, it shall be given. I say again, you are not alone. You walk into a situation, you walk, Amen. And I when I say situations, I'm not always meaning Amen. highlevel situations. Sometimes it could be an appliance. Sometimes it could be something in your home. Sometime it could be anything, any situation. It could be your car. Maybe a car got stolen. If you read Restoration of the Bright Tree, you'll see there prophet of God says, "We went on our knees and we called on the great enforcer to enforce a claim." Hallelujah. That vehicle belongs to this brother. Somebody illegally took his vehicle. We are commanding right now that that man returns a vehicle. That is enforcing a claim carrying the rights of the father's name. Next verse. Amen. If you shall indeed obey his voice and do all that I speak, then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies. There's fourth dimension. If you read the fourth seal there, you'll see what I'm talking about. Whole of hell is emptied out. But I will be an enemy to thine enemies and an adversary to thine adversaries. Praise the Lord. For mine angel shall go before thee, and bring thee unto the Amorites, Itites, Perizzites, Canaanites, Elites, and Jebusites, and all these filthy websites. I will cut them off. Amen. Why? My angel shall go before thee. I want you to put up there verse uh okay let's just leave it there let's just leave it there for now amen we'll get back there to that amen maybe if not today some other time but I was just trying to show you and position you and show you the angel that's leading us now he's the one that do you know when Jesus is saying ask anything in my name there's a group of people called the Pentecostals that ask using the name and they get the results using the name, right? Because at the name of Jesus, even demons tremble. Is that what the word of God says? Amen. At the name of Jesus, even demons tremble. Praise the Lord. Even this computer is trembling now. It's frozen. At the name of Jesus, demons tremble. But there's a class of people who are moving who have been under tutors and guides. Amen. Come to the adoption ceremony where the father's name when he now says they carry the authority of the father. Carrying the authority of the father. So a name means something right? When you go in the name of something, it carries authority. It carries power. A name has rights to unlock. Tell somebody, I sent you. Influence. A name has influence. Amen. But what we are talking about here carrying the father's name, ask anything in my name is different because you're now a son who is equal. When I say equal, an heir with Jesus. Hallelujah. You're an heir with Jesus. What day is this day? In that day, you shall ask me nothing. Hello. Who's speaking here? Somebody tell me. Jesus. What is Jesus saying? In that day, when sons come to their position, when sons come into authority, I'll put it in verse 23, that in that day you shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, whatsoever you shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you. Adam didn't ask in Jesus name. Peter and John going to the man gate beautiful such as I have give I unto thee. They spoke with the authority in the first person but God is moving us. I am saying a chosen generation and each generation has a chance at the word. Adam is what prefall is what we are headed to right now. The prophet of God is telling us that Abraham had a name change and he says he took Abraham and he gave him a part of his own name and he said he adopted him. Amen. God adopted Abraham by giving him a part of his own name. He took part of the name of Elohim and he put it in to Abram and made the name Abraham. So as God adopted Abraham, he says then he comes now for the time of life in Genesis 18. Amen. So, and he's trying to type that now. The adoption comes before the promised son comes back to the earth to take them away. Amen. The point I'm also trying to make is show you that we have had a name change as well. Amen. We we've got to we've got to come to maturity, church. Amen. And I'm going to say this again. The revelation of the word was not open to us for nothing. It is by the revelation of the word that we are overcoming this age. Seven seals, seven church ages, seven trumpets, seven vials were not opened up to us for us to think it is boring for us to think we don't know the don't need to know those things. Some of us only want us to preach to their mustard seed faith. because we want to meet daily needs. We are not interested in those things. Jesus to bring a point across told the people even if you have the faith of a mustard seed you can ask what you will but in this age we need perfect faith. We need perfect faith in this age. And what will give us perfect faith in this age is the opening of them seven seals. Is the opening of the word. Do you know there's no rapture without those things? Without the opening of the word to give us rapturing faith. The opening of the word was sent to give us rapturing faith. So as a church, as a people, we need to understand those deeper things. We need to understand the revelation of God because that's what makes her invincible. He says when she knows who she is, what she stands for, that she can do the greater works, he says Satan will be powerless before her. The word that came forth was to establish sons and daughters of God. Position them. They can stand firm. Nothing will move them. Amen. Sickness or no sickness, nothing will move them. They are immovable. I also don't want to candy coat the gospel because Edith's right did not get healed. But that's what I'm saying. Immovable faith. Though he slay me, yet I will trust him. In every situation, in every trial, Amen. Praise the Lord. Why? You know, all of us want the power of God. How many of you want to be like Jesus? All of us want to operate greater works than these shall he do. All of us want to operate the power, the greater works. He said, in order to match the power, you've got to match the surrender. Direct words to me. In order to match the power, the greater works, you've got to match Jesus surrender. Without that we are flapping our wings trying to gain some ground here trying to produce something with no surrender. Jesus had a prayer life. Jesus had alone time with God. Jesus went morning, noon, and evening. You see, we all want the great things, but we can't have the power without matching the surrender. Willingly lay down his life. Took the wrong. Jesus said, "Somebody slapped you on this cheek. Why don't you turn the other cheek?" We forget all of those things. We just want to give people a mouthful. But Jesus said, "Why don't you rather take the wrong?" Jesus said, "If your brother's offended, why don't you go and apologize to him? Why don't you rather take the wrong so that your brother can be reconciled to the faith?" Amen. I thought we love all the word of God. Don't we love all the word of God? So I am saying maybe it's not a word for you but the Holy Spirit told me this to match the greater works you've got to match the surrender without that and that's where we coming to St. John 5:19 the son can do nothing except what the father showeth. Amen. That which the father showeth the son does likewise. You were chosen for this time this season. You are a chosen generation. 1 Peter 2:9 says, "But you are a chosen generation." The prophet of God is saying every generation has a chance at the word, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people that you should show forth the praises of him who had called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. What a light we have. He says in the midst of gross darkness there will come a light. Amen. It's neither day nor night but at the evening time it shall be light. It shall be evening. It shall be light in the evening time. The path to glory you will surely find. I say again as a church, can we consecrate ourselves again? Amen. We now in May, we made a petition to the church. Start reading your Bible. Amen. If you had, if you were consistent with that, reading it every day, you would be reading 33% of the Bible already. That's according to my app. 33% of the Bible daily consistent reading. Amen. I can't pray for you to have a closer walk with the Lord. If you want to have a closer walk with the Lord, it's up to you. I can't pray for you to have a consecrated life. I can't pray. I can't pray for you, Lord, make time for him to pray. You've got to make time to pray. You've got to make time for surrender. Amen. So if we are awake for 16 hours, maybe 20 hours, I don't know how long you're awake in a day, how much of that time are you allocating for the things of God for the purpose of God? Every day. And and be honest, if all you have is 15 minutes, you know what? The Lord will take that 15 minutes. He'll take that 15 minutes. But when you gain capacity to extend your borders, he'll also take that half an hour. Isn't there a song called Sweet Hour of Prayer? Sweet Hour of Prayer. I know it's hard. Sometimes you're praying, you check the clock, you thought you prayed for one hour, meanwhile, you only prayed for five minutes. Do you know the what the Bible says in Romans 8 that the Holy Ghost starts to pray when we don't know what to say. But we got to stay there. Now he says now the Holy Ghost with groaning starts to pray and makes intercessions on our behalf when we don't have the words. You see these experiences are lacking in the church. For example, if we called for a prayer meeting, how many people would come? You'll find maybe five people coming. Call for a prayer meeting, call for Bible class, call for something around the things of God. I am saying that those things are not coming without a surrender. No way. You know what the prophet of God says? He says if God did something a certain way, he's got to do it the same way every single time. Don't tell me God's going to come and pour out his power on a message church that's just lukewarm and cold and formal. Just come to church on a Sunday. Come to church when they feel like have no value. Disrespect every office. Disrespect everything principle. Every every conduct. People are just forgetting about it. Order and doctrine, dressing, all those things that were supposed to be our foundational truths. People are just disregarding it. Thinking we are bygone that now the elders have gone. These young ones don't care. God cares. And what did the Bible what would it read? God will watch over his word. So who's going to give life to conduct? You and I. Who's going to give life to order? You and I. Who's going to give life to doctrine? You and I.
