################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - Fri PM🔴 LIVE  Rev. Dele Adelodun (Nigeria)  Easter Convention 2025  18-04-2025 - Dele Adelodun.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-19
Title:   Fri PM🔴 LIVE | Rev. Dele Adelodun (Nigeria) | Easter Convention 2025 | 18-04-2025
Speaker: Dele Adelodun
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdTrj82Md8Q
========================================

[Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Jesus, you're the Lord of lords. Jesus, you're the Lord of lord and you're the king of kings, the alpha and omega. The beginning and the end, [Music] every time Jesus is the way, the truth, and the hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus, you're the Jesus, you're the light of the king. You are the king of [Music] [Applause] [Music] the shallow. [Music] Oh, because you are worthy. [Music] The Jesus [Music] [Music] lead mighty God. Hallelujah [Music] [Applause] [Music] forl beautiful living God. Oh hallelujah. You are the king of kings. You are the lord of gods. the alpha and the omega. Lord, you are the water of my life, Lord. And tonight, Lord, this evening, brother, Lord, Lord, you come, Lord, to come together to worship you, Lord, to praise your name, Lord, to set this place up higher, Lord, and every corner of this building, Lord, every Lord, and everybody, Lord, would worship you, Lord, because Lord, oh God, you are God. Hallelujah. Back then, you are still God tonight. Hallelujah. You are still the same yesterday and today and forever Lord. And that is why Lord the Bible says everything they have us. Praise God. And tonight Lord we are to worship you Lord. We worship you Lord. Hallelujah. This worship you blessing your holy name. We have visited and we lift your lift up and sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Singing [Music] hallelujah hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] We thank you Lord. We thank you for a wonderful time in the morning Lord. Hallelujah. And you have blessed us Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. We have come for continuation of that blessing. Lord, we want to receive our portion tonight. Lord, we want to go empty Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The gift of the spirit of Christ. Hallelujah. In the praise of Christ. Hallelujah. Blessed be your holy name. We want to be refreshed of you, God. Hallelujah. As the light. Hallelujah. Shining bright on us tonight. Amen. And as we open up the service in a little word of prayer, our precious pastor Nami, Hallelujah, will lead us. Amen. We pray. Dear God and heavenly father, we approve your throne of mercy this afternoon. Lord, know we have a right to be in your presence because you open up the way the veil. We that represented the coming of God now received and welcomed into your presence. Lord, the way has been open. We thank you for their visitation. Hallelujah. Your servant that you used in a mighty way. Lord, we realize the men of the roti may as you open up the word, they said lift our hearts with father. We our hearts are hurting and we hear your word. Lord, we pray that we'll be receptive that your holy spirit will be in attendance. Lord, may you heal the sick. May you restore the next slider. May you encourage them. May you may you answer to that. Use your mother. May your spirit move in a mighty way. You believe in us asking for your second glory in Jesus name. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. I have loved you with an everlasting love. The word of the Lord says, I have loved you with an everlasting love. Amen. Just a few amens. And he said, "I have loved you for everlasting love." And that is why the redeemed he's going to sing tonight. Redeemed thou love to proclaim redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeem my mercy. is forever. Oh, [Music] we by the blood of the redeem forever. I am redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No longer my turn and oh I know there's a night of his presence with me. [Music] Glory by God. [Applause] [Music] [Music] I bless everything. Oh, I think of him all day long. I sing hallelujah. I sing for I [Music] [Applause] cannot [Music] believe by the blood of the lamb. [Music] is my land and forever I am. I know I shall sing to me. The king whose I will help you my sto in the [Music] night [Applause] by redeem. [Music] And forever I am. I know there's a in [Music] your spirit at home with the Lord. Come on everybody. [Music] Redee, redeemed my God. [Music] Redee is power forever. [Music] [Applause] [Music] by Jesus. I think of my people. I sing for I cannot describe him. His love is the king of my soul. [Music] Glory by the time [Music] of his son. [Applause] [Music] Oh, isn't [Music] it a moment? We have our precious brother Caleb. Amen. He's going to come up and give us a special tonight. Hallelujah. Jordan, thank you. [Applause] God bless his saints. Amen. [Music] inside of me. [Music] lies a throne where it lives the real me inside me. [Music] Hallelujah. or asity love. So I know you better. Inside of me lies a throne where it lives a real me inside of [Music] me. A baby full of space in church. Lord, remove me from religion so I know you better. And there's a deep in me. There's a deep in me calling you deep. There's a thirst in me to love you more. Lord, make me a son. Let your fire consume my soul. and a [Music] deep falling deep. And there's a deep in me. There's a deep in me falling [Music] deep. And there's a thirst in me. to love you more. Lord, make me a son. Let your fire consume my soul. Let the [Applause] de calling the deep. Though the battle, Though the battle rages in my mind, temptations pull me [Music] down. There's a deep in me. [Music] You're all the battle on the battle rages in my mind. Temptations pull me down. There's a deep in [Music] [Applause] me. There a deep Iity. There's a deep in me. There's a deep in me. Find the [Music] deep. There's a thirst in me to know you more. Lord, gave me a vessel. Let your fire pursue my soul. There's a [Music] deep calling. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Let's give them one more hand to let you know that the music was just there for moral support. That's what you call anointed singing. The team calls onto the team. There must be a team to respond. Hallelujah. Thou art worthy tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. I believe that tonight we are going to be blessed. Amen. That was such a beautiful song. Thou art worth the [Music] end [Music] now. For thy virgin with thy preious blood or every nation with time. [Music] Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on now. Jesus precious blood. Now what could receive? How the mysteries are we [Music] all the creation of [Music] hallelujah I'm in Jesus his precious blood. Oh, hallelujah. Come on now. Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm born with Jesus precious blood. [Music] Oh, [Music] hallelujah. I'm born with Jesus for just a moment. I'm just looking at our time. We have so many people want to come up and praise the Lord tonight, but we're just going to squeeze one more person to give you an amen. Hallelujah. Let him come up and praise the Lord tonight. Let's give him a hand. Praise God. [Music] Again, it's I've been blessed with a man he's God to me. [Music] I have family and friends who share and all I [Music] do. But if I lose it all, I'm [Music] left with nothing. [Music] If I have the Lord, I know I'll make it through. [Music] Oh, he's the only reason I live. But oh what a [Music] reason. He's the only reason I live. Oh, what a [Music] reason. There's nothing in this world worth living for. It only leaves you empty and longing for more. He's the only reason I live. But oh, what a [Music] reason. You may have tried a lot of things to find a real happiness. But if you look real long, you know it can't be found. [Music] until you find the Lord and you know the power of his spirit. His holy spirit he'll be reason and he'll never let you down. [Music] Oh, he's the only reason I live. Oh, what a [Music] reason. Oh, he's the only reason I live. Oh, what a reason. There's nothing in this world but living for. It only leaves you empty. And longing for more is the only reason I live. But oh what a reason. [Applause] There's nothing in this world nothing worth living for. It only leaves you empty and longing for more. He's the only reason I live. Oh, he's the only reason I live. [Music] He's the only reason I live in here. Oh, what a reason. [Music] Hallelujah. That was so beautiful. Amen. He's the only reason that I live. that I breathe. That I speak that I wake up in the morning. He is the only reason that I'm standing here. If you are seated here. Hallelujah. Shall we all stand and take up the love offering tonight? Is everybody happy in his presence? Amen. Should you give the Lord a hand tonight? [Music] And the song says, "When I remember what the Lord has done, when I remember what the Lord has done, I will never go back." [Applause] I will never go back. When I remember what the Lord has done, I'll never go back anymore. When I remember when I [Applause] remember I [Music] [Music] never go back anymore. [Music] No, no, no, no. I'll never go back anymore. When I remember what the Lord has done, I'll never go back anymore. When I remember when I remember what the Lord had done, I'll never go back anymore. Come on. [Music] Hallelujah. No, no, no. I'll never go back anymore. No. I will never go. Oh no, no, no. I'll never go back anymore. This whole world can never hold me anymore. For I am my consolation. Oh, and I have my garments on the whole world. So my world can never hold me anymore. I'll [Music] be for I am my consequ Great God. There is a big turning in my heart. There is a big turning in my [Music] heart. Oh, in my heart. Oh, in my heart. I feel happy. Oh, hallelujah. I feel so very happy. I feel so very very happy in my heart. I feel so very happy in my heart. Oh, in my heart. In my heart. Oh, in my heart. I feel so very happy in my heart. My is there. Hallelujah. [Music] down. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. My strength is no more down here. You see me no more. I'm living I'm living in a house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The church is moving on. The church is moving on. The church is moving on. And nothing's going to stop us now. Nothing nothing going to stop us now. Nothing's going to stop us now. Oh, nothing going to stop us now. is moving on. The church is moving on. The church is moving on. The church is moving on. And nothing. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Ohana. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I have come that you may have life. Amen. And life abundantly. You may be seated for a moment. Oh Lord, we just want to thank you tonight [Music] for dying upon the cross for me and for you. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise God. He has given us redemption and we did nothing but he has given us redemption. Amen. Thank you Lord. Amen. Amen. The supreme judge in a form of [Music] man sacrifice. And yet while on the cross he was still pardon [Music] me and as guilty as it can be. Yes. The lamb parted [Music] me. And when he rent the veil twies of holies given [Music] redemption was a son like me [Music] redemption should have been me and you know that's to call these angels and They take me down from that tree. But Jesus loved me. From the world the world began. Oh redemption. Give her [Music] redemption. Give her redemption. Red. Give redemption. Give redemption. Give [Music] redemption. Give [Music] redemption. There they crucified the most holy one. God's only begotten son. Yes, they brought their own diamond when once again men the lamb. Oh, and the many wash their hands of the blood of the lamb. Tell me, what would you do with his Jesus [Music] Christ redemption? He could have brought the cross of your sin. Give her redemption, but he made you free from me. But he said, "Don't stand." But he said, "Nevertheless, let my will be [Applause] done." Oh, redemption. [Music] I'll give you redemption. Redemption [Music] ge redemption. Given redemption. Given redemption. Given redemption. [Music] I was given redemption. Given redemption. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. We bless your name tonight. It's all about you Jesus. You love you Lord tonight. We worship you tonight with every head bow on ice. Amen. We like to call our precious pastor Musa Til from Newton's east spoken word to come and pray for the tithe and the offering. But most importantly, that precious word that's going to drop in and sit in our hearts tonight. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Let's bow our heads. [Music] about [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. of [Music] [Applause] Oh [Applause] Jehovah is his name. He is the mighty warrior. He's a mighty conqueror. I believe if you seek tonight or if you come to heal or you come to receive him, you're going to find him tonight. As the song said, the deep calls to the deep your name. He's a mighty warrior. Mighty warrior. [Music] battle. He's a mighty warrior. Mighty way back to you [Music] might Jesus is your name tonight. Oh Jesus. Jesus is your name. Jesus is your He's a mighty warrior. Great battle. Amen. All is possible. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Nobody [Music] might Oh mighty warrior battle in your secret. He's a mighty warrior. Mighty warrior. Battle. Oh, when you're battling and the problem is a mighty warrior, mighty warrior, great in battle to you might [Music] the mighty name. Oh, I know you might. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. Is indeed the mighty warrior. is the greatest in battle. How we thank him once again tonight. Amen. May we please bow our heads gracious almighty God, we thank you one more time for this privilege we have to be back in your house. Thank you for what you did for us in the morning. Your love and the hearts of your children to have come back again this evening. We want to pray that you will take us deeper in your love. Please take us higher in your joy. Hallelujah. Let there be surround of your presence. Do wonderfully among us one more time in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Please, before you take your seats, let's turn our Bibles to the book of John that we read in the morning. We read at three places in the morning. And uh we are unifying them all under one. Amen. Which is John chapter 19 verse 30. John 19 the 30th verse. If you are there say amen. Amen. When Jesus therefore had received the venne, he said, "It is finished." and he bowed his head and gave up the ghost. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his holy word. Amen. You may be seated. We thank the Lord for assembling our feet again this evening in his presence. Amen. In the morning we started a subject when the Lord said it is finished. And I told us that three things happened uh from the scripture that we read. Yes. It said uh uh the veil of the temple rented into truth. Yes. Amen. The graves of the saints were opened. Yes. Prepare your entry to resurrection. Amen. Amen. So, and then we also said the bleeding lamb stood before the throne. Yes. To take back the book. Amen. So, in the morning, we showed us how the book got back to the throne. Yes. When Adam fell. Amen. Amen. The prophet said the hand of Satan was too huggly and dirty. Yes. To pick that book. And God wouldn't allow him because the book owes the title to the earth. If Satan ever got a hold of the book, we all will become his tenants. Will become scatters. He will become the owner. Yes. But thank the Lord, he took the book by himself. Hallelujah. And he swept it back to glory. Amen. waiting for such a time until the right price will be paid. The shedding of the blood that brings remission of sin. Amen. Bloods have been shed right from that time till Christ came. Yes. But the problem with those blood is that they were not perfect. They could only cover. They cannot remain. And that is why the saints who died in Christ were still kept in that paradise that them was because nothing was strong to remit their sins and give them access into the presence of the Lord. Amen. And uh that was why Christ came in order to unlock death prisoners. In order to also take the book. Yes. and they give hope to the living. So both the past and the present and the future must be taken care of. Hallelujah. That was when the prophet in uh told us while Christ was in Gethsemane, he said the decision of the cross. Yes. Will determine what you know what will will determine what is going to happen to the past saints. Yes. And it's going to determine what's happening to the present. And it will determine what's happening to the future. The future is you. The present was when Christ was here. And the past was when before Christ came here. Amen. So everything hands upon his decision. And they told us when he said not my will but let the will of the father be done. Hallelujah. And he went to the cross as we have shown us the in the morning. And uh when his blood touched the ground, he declared it is finished. The prophet said, we are starting on that tonight. The prophet said the sins of the past. The sins of the present and the sins of the future were all forgiven. Are you with me? I'm going to make it very flat. The things you will do when you have not done Hallelujah. Show all the failures, all the all the sins you will commit. That you've not committed because you were not here. Amen. God forgive them already before you take And I want that to run deep in your heart. It says, "The sins of the past, that of the present, and those of the future, we are already forgiven." Hallelujah. Let me tell you, Christ is not presently forgiven sins. Amen. That's right. He has already forgiven s. As a matter of fact, the prophet said, everything Christ wanted to do for you, he has already done. That is why if you look at the scripture, every redemptive blessing was written using past tense. Amen. Amen. by his stripes. Yes, you are healed. We've been healed. He said you already healed. The chastisement of your peace has been placed. And let me tell you this was even before Christ came physically because everything took place in the thought of God. Amen. That is why brother Abraham said if you can understand the thought of God, you will understand many things. The thought of God is as real as his word. Amen. You're not getting it. If I think in my heart I will buy this brother a shirt and I never said it out, you know, he cannot hold me responsible because he does not know. Yeah. But you see that is not the way God does. Even if he doesn't know, as long as he conceived it, God holds himself responsible. Hallelujah. So meaning his thoughts, they as real as his word, whether God says it out or not, he makes himself obligated to whatever he thinks. So he cannot change it. He must do it. The Lord by his stripes the chastisements of your peace. Amen. He said those whom he forneew be justified. Those whom he justified he predestinated to be conformed to the image of his dear son. Meaning that even your adoption is a finished work. Amen. You are just here. Amen. You are just here to express what God has already done. And you say, "What must I do?" If God is not presently doing anything, all you need to do is to accept what he has done. And when you accept it, it will become your personal possession. Because God has done it already. That's why the prophet said if Christ were coming here we are here today dressed like you are dressed and you think it gives you uh an advantage to say God is here now I will just walk up to him and say Lord do me this you will never listen to you yes if you will answer you will say what you want me to do I have already done so what a preacher does is to knock out every cloud of unbelief Yes. And doubt from your part so you can walk into your inheritance. The real show you what God has done, not what he will do because everything he wanted to do, he has already done. You must accept your forgiveness. You don't need that audible voice to tell you my son, my daughter, you are forgiven. Amen. If you come by the provided word, if you meet the requirement of the word, knows that the word has come to pass. Hallelujah. He said if we repent and confess our sins, it is just to forgive. Hallelujah. I don't need an audible voice to say, "Son, you are forgiven. I will simply accept my forgiveness. I will simply accept my healing. I will simply accept my blessings." And I start confessing them. And guess what? As I go, the angel of the Lord will go with me to confirm my word prophet. Are you here, church? Amen. So everything he wanted to do, he did. Hallelujah. The sins of the past were forgiven. The sins of the present were forgiven. The sins of the future, they were all forgiven. Amen. Believers live under advanced atonement. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Amen. And what a blessed ground it is to receive your pardon. Because what the message came to call you to as we're going to show tonight is your genuine atonement. Hallelujah. Your sins are not actually perfectly atoned for until you come under the message of your atonement. Amen. The scripture said, "If you walk in the light, as he is in the light, the blood of Jesus Christ, does what? Cleanses." Is a continuous cleansing. Amen. Hallelujah. The blood of Jesus cleanseth us from all our sins if we walk in the light. Yes. And Zechariah said it shall be light in the evening. There must be a message of light that brings people under atonement. And when they come under the atonement, there is no power. Yeah, there is no force or forces that can destroy them because they have come under the protection of the almighty. You love him tonight. So when it when that took place and he proclaimed it is finished in the morning we said the veil of the temple rented. Amen. Amen. The graves of the saints were opened. And the bleeding lamb stood to take the book. Now these all are connected and we'll see it as we go on. Amen. Now when the book was taken, we're talking about in the morning. Yes. When Okay. when uh when the veil was rented, I meant to say when the veil was rented, the paths to the tree of life was made open again for the believer to go and partake of life. Amen. Now, but that tree of life must be physically restored to us. Amen. In this last days, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Glory. And what is the path to restoration? Amen. The lamb had to stand before the throne. Yes. To take the book. Amen. And that's what takes us to Revelation 5. If you watch the man sitting on the throne, the Bible said it wasn't comfortable to keep the book. Amen. That it took in Genesis chapter 3. Yes. So for 2,000 years, yes, he was crying and wishing for somebody to come take that book. Amen. You know why? Because the book is not meant to be resident in heaven. It's a book meant to be resident here. It was by that book Abra Adam proved his sunship. Amen. I told you in the morning that Abraham Adam never needed any support, any technology, any civilization to live. Amen. And guess what? He lived better than we did. Yes. With all our technology. We don't travel like a thought. Amen. We travel distances and count hours. But with that book in Adam's heart, if he wants to get to Johannesburg, all he needs to say, I want to be in Johannesburg and he find himself in. Amen. He doesn't need any assistance. He doesn't need any support. He adds the power of the spoken word. And when that book is fully restored to us, that is the realm is taking us to. Amen. Amen. All right. So, but this book before it can come back to us, it must be taken from the hand of him that sat on the throne. Amen. Amen. For 2,000 years, a challenge went forth. Who is worthy? Yes. Amen. And for 2,000 years, nobody proved worthy. Until the lamb paid the price. Hallelujah. And his price was accepted. Then he stood before the throne. Hey, and even the 24 held said worthy is alive. But because nobody was worthy, John, yes, your representation in the book of Revelation was crying. He was crying for the hopelessness that is going to befall human generation. If that book wasn't taken, if that book wasn't taken, there's no need for us to sit here tonight. Because there's no real Easter, Easter was made possible. And Easter came personally to you by the taking of the book and the opening of the book. Hallelujah. Because Easter is to bring back to the end of man what he lost in the beginning. Amen. Hallelujah. So the bleeding lamb stood there and John was so carried away in weeping of hopelessness until they couldn't see that intervention. But thank God for the elders. The elders said we not jump. Hallelujah. And that's what the elders are doing in the last days. We do not dream of this hour. They are not going to show you what God will do. They will show you what God has done. We do not jump. For the lamb has prevailed to take the book and to lose the seals. [Applause] Amen. If he took the book and did not lose the seals, no work done. [Music] I'm going to show you your history. Now, if he took the book and didn't loose open the book, no work done. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know why? Because the content in the book has got to be called out. Yes. They will speak supernaturally. Hear their names. Hallelujah. My So the prevailing lamb took the book. Hallelujah. The taking of the book alone changed the whole dynamics. Yes. It turned it from weeping. Yes. Into worship. The 24 elders who knew the power of that book. The Bible said in Revelations 5, they started worshiping and John waited for them to finish. When they finished their worship, John took his turn because John being your representation, he knew the importance of that book. He has been through all contracts. And he sees himself being redeemed. That was the essence of God's designing salvation plan. Amen. God doesn't want us to be worshippers that is so distant. Yes. Yes. To the one who is worshiping. I told you in the morning. Okay, let me put it like this for you. You can enjoy light but may not appreciate light. Yes. Am I confusing you? Amen. We can enjoy this light but may not appreciate it. You know why? You have not seen absence of light and the effect of absence. But in one day, there is a light out and you have to grow in darkness even with the best eyesight. That's right. You can have a very good eyesight. But if darkness is everywhere, you are not better than a blind man. Yes. Right or wrong. That's right. Amen. With your eyes without light, you cannot move. You will stumble on this, you will eat that one. You will get yourself so injured. Then you begin to tell yourself, "Oh, if there was light now, if there was light." So this light is so important. Oh, I never appreciate it. Oh God, if you can bring back light. Amen. Amen. Because you have seen the effect of darkness. When light comes back. Yes. Yes, you enjoy it with a sense of appreciation. That was all God was devising in his redemption plan. It doesn't just worship. It doesn't just want worshippers who are not connected to him. Everybody can sing holy, holy, holy and that ends the music. But you will differentiate it from a man who comes to sing Amazing Grace. You know what? He's singing from an angle of experience and that will unconsciously affect his singing where he can tell you once I was blind but now I see because he knew what it means to be blind. I now know what it means to see. Once I was lost, but now I'm found. Praise the Lord. Are you getting it? Because he's been through this way. He could appreciate what it means to have this. That was all God was doing. He wanted a worshipper with a sense of appreciation. That was why it was important for him to demonstrate all his attributes and that was why he brought Satan in the picture. So Satan is not a bad guy after all. Amen. If all the perfection remains, you will never be connected. You will never be intimate with God. Yet you could be a religious worshipper. Yes. But God wanted it from an angle of experience. That was why when John took his own tongue to worship, read it in Revelations 5, every other thing stopped. And they were listening to John because there were songs that John was singing that angels couldn't sing. Angels will sing holy, holy, holy. But when come for you from here to my heart. Glory to his angels quiet. They didn't know what that means. They've never fallen. So they didn't know what it means to rise again. They've never been sick. So they didn't know what it means to heal. to give us all God's blood to make worippers with a sense of appreciation. And that was why John became the center of worship in Revelations 5. And I guess you are the John because when we came to that point, I saw your response. He covered to the if God was your servant and you are the reality you will not have any act the same. Glory to God. Hallelujah. So the taking of the book created so much joy. But like we said, if he took the book and he never opened the book, waste of time. Yes. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Because the reason he took the book is to actually make redemption claims. Yes. He's got names in the book. That's right. He's got characters in the book that he must bring to glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. So, Revelations 5 began to fulfill physically in this last day. Hallelujah. Is that exactly? Hallelujah. No sir. Amen. Amen. But do you ever see where it fulfilled in the Bible? Hey, Revelation book of symbol. Revelation book of prophecy. The fulfillment was in this last day. Amen. Yes, sir. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. I told you I will bring your Easter to you. Amen. Because this is not Easter of the groom. This is the Easter of the bride. And this is the way your Easter came to you. Amen. That book that was taken and began his loosening fulfilled on earth in 1963. Follow me. Amen. Hallelujah. And he took the book. The Bible said the job of opening was too urgent. Yes. So right in the next chapter, Revelation 6, it began to open. Amen. He opened. Yes. Seal one, seal two, until the seventh one, he opened all. I hope there's no dispute there. All the sevens were open. Yes, sir. All the contents may not have come to pass, but according to the scripture, they were all open. Let us agree on the scripture first. And when he had opened the first year, and when he had opened the second, and when he had opened the third, and when he had opened the fourth, did you hear it in your Bible? You read it like that. And when he had opened the fifth, and when he had opened the six in Revelations 8:1, and when he had opened the seventh, the Bible said he opened. Yes, sir. So at least we can agree that he opened. When we agree on that, we have a good foundation. Then we can start dealing with the content. Amen. Wonderful. Are you here, brother? Yes, the job of opening was too important. That was why immediately he took the book. Yes, he started opening. What was he doing? And who was he opening it to? This is where we are coming. Yes sir. He didn't open it to everybody. There were characters around it opening event. Amen. Amen. Christ himself was near the lamp. The four living creatures were there. The four living creatures are the cherubims. Amen. Jerobims are the anointing. Yes. By which the seven messengers in the seven church age dispensation. I'm glossing over some things because I'm dealing with believers. So I'm riding on the effort of your pastors. Amen. So the the four living creatures, they are the cherubs, the anointing, the power by which the seven age messengers worked. Amen. In order to prepare a people, to call out a people, to get a bride ready to resurrect certain people out of certain condition. [Music] Amen. Amen. So they were four. Amen. But the messengers were seven. That's right. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Many have attempted you of portioning them the way. But if you study the seals, the prophet portioned them correctly. So don't take any other portioning than what the prophet did. Amen. Brother Abraham said the first the first cherubin with the face of a lion it ran from Ephesus down to minor down to Pagamos. That was what he thought. I know people caught it differently but you look at the seals that's what he said. Then the second uh Jerob run up to you know the that's right the fourth age. That was when he operated. Then the third one, the face of a man took care of Sadis and Philadelphia. Yes. And the seventh one and the fourth one which is the hele anointing took care of this age. So each of this living creature has got something to do with the opened book. Hallelujah. Amen. And when he opened the book in its entirety, now he was opening it in the presence of only one person. Amen. In the presence of John and John was your representation as a believer. John was the one to be quickened. Yes. But John couldn't get the revelation of what was opened without the mediation. Hallelujah. Of the of the living creature, the cherubam pertaining to his age. Amen. Amen. That is why if you watch Revelation 6 character, it said, "And when the lamp had opened, even though it was opened, the first four seals, when the lamp had opened, even though it's been opened, yet John did not have an access to the open book until one of the cherubimans will say, John, come and see." Is that the way it was written in your life? So it was the cherubim that showed John what the lamb revealed. [Applause] So maybe before you can see the revelation of Jesus Christ, before you can get the revelation of the lamb, before you can come under your atonement, you need to be under the cherubim of your head. Outside of this, you will never make it. That's according to the scripture. [Applause] Come and see. Amen. So whatever is opened will be shown to you. Amen. It means that you don't have eyes by yourself. To decode what the lamb opened. Can you see that? Can you see that? Yes. So if you tell me to come back to the Bible, I need a road map to the Bible. I need a guide back to the Bible. The spirit of truth in these last days came in a messenger to do what? To interpret the word to you and I. Somebody builds the pillar of fire to interpret the word for you and her. [Music] Now we're coming close. Amen. Now before this opening event that the lamb did the lamb when you go back to his ministry, he was on earth. Amen. It didn't started with the opening of the word. No. When he was here on earth in his ministry. Amen. It started with signs and wonders. Is that right? Now, signs and wonders are not actually meant for the bride. It's not a sacred. Don't worry. Signs and wonders also will attract the bride. But signs and wonders cannot retain the bride. It can't maintain the bride. Yes, he can't retain the bride. He cannot satisfy the bride. Because ordinarily signs and wonders are meant to follow the bride. The bride is the puller of signs and wonders. Signs and wonders are not the pullers of the bride. [Applause] Are you catching me? The bride is designed to get something greater. Amen. And that is why there will be the generation that will stay just by signs. They can move beyond there. Yes sir. Amen. They will stay by wonders. But something in the bride always call for something higher. That is why in the message as it was with Moses. Amen. 62 or 61 somewhere there. The prophet said, "We have had great manifestations." That's right. Of supernatural signs and wonders until the brethren are beginning to settle down. That's right. Thinking this is all of it. That's right. Then he said, "Do you remember in the first Exodus?" Yes. That there were some two tribes, two and a half tribes that got their inheritance before Jordan. That's right. And they were so happy to stay before Jordan, settle down and enjoy their life. He said, "But remember, there were some who were not comfortable with because their inheritance lays across Jordan." Amen. The prophet said, "I feel like one of them, and as many as are dustminded, let us cross over this Jordan and enter into our inheritance." [Applause] Do you feel like one of them? So the ministry of Christ began with signs and wonders, but signs and wonders gather all congregation. Yes, multitude. Mixed multitude. Different categories of people. Hallelujah. And that was why you saw those who were so excited. They were ready to make Christ king. He withdrew from among them. They said, "No way." They shattered a old boat. That's expensive. To go and look for King Jesus. And the Bible said, "Look, they were not following him." Yeah. because of the word or because of the miracles. It's in your Bible. There were generations like that. They enjoy the healing. They enjoy the messing discernment. And they feel this was all to it. Amen. But in the midst of that crowd was also the bride because everybody was attracted. Yes. But the bride are not going to be satisfied with that. They want something more. [Applause] But watch when the something more began to come which was Jesus began to sound his message which the prophet called the dead pool that will bring the rainbow trout. Yes. From among all sea creatures. Yes sir. The crowd 5,000. Christ had 5,000 one time in his convention. In another time he had 4,000. And I tell you there could have been more than that. You know why? Because only men were counted. The women were not counted. The children were not counted. So that might have been 10 to 12,000 crowds. What a mighty campaign that was. But by the time he started sounding his message, the crowd began to think down until it came to 70 and 12. No, 701 and 11. [Music] That's right. And he threw another thing. Amen. And 70 left. He became 11 and one. The one endured till the cross, but he couldn't survive the cross onslaught. eventually became 11. Amen. Maybe through the cross some people were also attracted you know this must be the Lord and it became 120 that went to the opera room. Hallelujah. Out of several thousand. Why did he think down to the 120? Because the real message the voice behind the sign is a separator. The voice is only for John, the believer of that hour. That's right. All those things happened to the Jewish and the Samaritan church. Amen. Then in the book of Luke 17:30, we receive the promise. That Christ will not come physically but his ministry will be reincarnated. Yes. The full ministry of Christ will be back. Yes. To take care of the gentile church. Amen. So we will not have his person but we will have his ministry. Yes. So this ministry will be given to somebody. Amen. to come and project for us. The person that find favor in these last days to project that ministry was brother fully vindicated without question in our mind regardless of all opposition and attack. It won't change nothing for the real believer. And in order to bring the exact ministry of Christ, listen to me. I will crack some bones now. In order to bring the exact ministry of Christ, Christ has to give him his exact ministries. So it's a unique healing ministry that comes with meic discernment. Did you hear me? Amen. We have a lot of impersonators calling themselves discerners but they are impersonators. Yes. Discernment as a gift of the spirit is the ability to judge between right and wrong. That's what the word says. Are you with me? Amen. There is nobody that would demonstrate messianic discernment outside of the messenger of this day. I repeat, nobody but the authority of the revealed world. Hallelujah. That is why the ones that are proclaiming it and getting you attracted and walk over, they were doing it with margins of error. The prophet said, "We don't accept a gift with margins of error." [Applause] Because the reason for me gift is to identify Messiah. By the time the prophet finish his ministry, he said, "Christ has been thoroughly identified before you." That's the quotation. Hallelujah. Rest has been thoroughly identified. Why do we need it to be reidentified? Hallelujah. [Applause] The prophet said your pastors will never be able to demonstrate this. Hallelujah. It is given to holy one person who is not under a son. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Let me tell you that discernment ministry wasn't even a gift of William Brown. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. It was the exact preserved ministry of Christ. The reason he operated it was because Christ said he will not be here physically. Yes. Amen. Yes. And according to Luke 17:30, the Gentiles must enjoy every blessing like the Jews and the Samaritan enjoy. That was why God looked for one man. He gave him all. That is why Christ ministry has three faces. Healing, discernment, and the opening of the word. That is why the prophet ministry must have those three faces. Yes. Healing which is sign in the hand. Discernment ability to tell the secrets of the heart and the breaking of the open book. I repeat the prophet said your pastors can do it. I know impersonators will go far. James and James went far. Read it. For everything Moses produced, they were producing up to the fourth plague. Did you hear me? Read your Bible. Up to the fourth plague. Yes. It was on the fourth they burnt out. Yes. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. Amen. So God to fulfill Revelation 6, Revelation 8, Revelation 10. Yes. in these last days to bring the event that took place there to reality. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He got somebody. Now while the prophet while the Lord was in his ministry of signs and wonders, he had the crowds that were moving him around. Part of the crowd were those who put pamprons and everything singing Oh Zam as he made entry to Jerusalem. Unfortunately, they were the same crowd who shouted crucify him. Everything they enjoyed never mixed with faith in their house. Amen. All the punk revivalist Yes. eventually became the crucifier. Amen. All right. So when the prophet came for the ministry to do tail, yes, the signs and wonders aspect of the ministry was also accepted by all. Amen. Do you realize that it was said the prophet rounded the world seven times? South Africa was among the countries that he came India and the rest of them and the brothers were telling me yesterday and that that sounds very great. They said it is only there are only two countries the prophet gave missionary report on India and South Africa. What a pleasant people you are. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, the money that took him around were the monies of the Pentecostals and the full gospel businessman. Did you realize that? Amen. Because that was the face of the ministry. That's right. But gradually as that ministry came to a climax, you know, the prophet preached Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And he said at 2:00 a.m. 2:00 p.m. on the door. That's right. He said the second pool is over and the third pool is beginning. Saying it's over does not mean that we will not still have messianic discernment. But it has lost uh the position of the attraction. Are you getting it? Healing was the main phase. Discernment became the main phase. But now, yes, from this point, the opening of the word, because you know why Christ was ready to make redemption claims, he was ready to call his John out of the crowd, the congregations that was attracted, the good, the bad, the ugly, the believer, the unbeliever, the make believer, all kind of people from among this ground. God is ready to separate and that was why in 1962 the prophets preached the message end times sign you read that message in that message what was it doing was addressing what looks like a crisis of the hour yes because something took place when the bridegroom was to be burned. Three stars appeared. We call them in geographic planets. Amen. And when they aligned and they came as one, astrologologist will tell you something supernatural will take place on the earth. And it actually did took place. Yes. Christ was born. Amen. And those magi, they follow the direction of that planet as it moves in its channel. And where it eventually dropped proved to be the birthplace where Christ was born. But in 1962, a new announcement happened. Amen. Hallelujah. It wasn't three this time around. It was five stars. Yes. Now three is the number of God when it aligns to one but five is the number of grace and that is the number of his bride. So a lot of people including scientists were explaining what happened. Then the prophet came back to the church. He said you have had all kind of explanations. He said now let me give you the truth. And what is the truth? He linked it back to the three stars that appeared when our Lord was born. He said this being five is an announcement that a bride is in its infancy. [Applause] It's ready to be made manifest. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And February 1963, seven angels came down to do what? Amen. To call the bride out of loudness. Amen. By what? By the open breath. So what the lamb did in Revelation 6 is about fulfilling on the earth. Amen. You getting it? That was why before the prophet preached the message seven seals, he preached God hidden and revealed in simplicity to show to the people that these great things we read, mighty angel, one leg on the water, one leg on the sea, one leg on the land, they aren't going to happen like you are reading them because revelation is a book of symbol. This thing will go on and happen in its simplicity. until it will run over the edge of great intellectuals. Are you following? Then the next message was the bridge. Yes. Oh my. I love the message on the bridge. The bridge between the seven church ages and the opening of the seven seals. The seven seals haven't been opened, but God is forming a bridge. If you understand that topic alone, it's your redemption. Let's understand the topic. Amen. God is creating a junction of turning between seven church ages. Yes. And the opening of the seven seals. Yes. If you form a bridge, a gap in between. Yes. A gap stands in between the end of one thing Yes. and the beginning of another. Is that right? The seven church ages was ending. Yes. And the new dispensation is beginning. Yes. Amen. Are you catching it? Laia was ceasing. There are those in those life condition will cease. Yes. Amen. Hey, are you projecting another age? Come down. I'm not projecting another age and I'm projecting another age. Amen. Is it an eighth age? No. Is it an age inside an age? Yes. Because that follows the types of the scripture. Amen. Yes, sir. Yes. So, I've answered your concerns. So, relax and enjoy the Lord. In the hour of Exodus, the conditions always change. Go was in Egypt. Is that right? But in the hour of Exodus, the condition of Go and that of Egypt was no longer the same. Because God was ready to call out his church. His people out of the nation. Hallelujah. And this last day must be against the first. Amen. In the second exodus, God was calling a church out of religion. In this last days, he's calling a bride out of the church. All the conditions must out. The Bible said in the first episode there was darkness in Egypt but there was light in in it will seem like Goan and Egypt were two different places. Amen. Go was a town in Egypt but in the hour of Exodus God separated Exodus people. from the conditions of Egypt. [Applause] That is what I'm saying. So the nation was made out of the nation in this last days when the full word of God was born into manifestation. Amen. The same drought that has carried the messenger all over the world, it started pushing back. That's right. What was the condition of loudia? When we read loudia, where did we find Christ? Outside. Christ is the revealed word. He was thrown outside. And when you drop Christ outside, you lose every article of redemption. That was when Laesia went into oblivion. Lesia became wretched, naked, poor. I am so bright and on top of it amia in that condition nothing good can drive. So God must come and call us out of that condition. That is your Easter. [Applause] He called us by the open book, the revelation of the word. That was when that full word was made manifest. In 1963, everybody rejected the prophet. To reject the messenger is to reject his message. You hear me? They pushed him out. And there was another call. And the prophet said, "If I called you out and I do not have a place to take you, he said I've done a poor job. That is why I will call out the prophet call it a resurrection out of that denomination into the glorious age of the cloud." Say, "God supernaturally, come out another economy." Out of now this year, inside loud this year. Amen. But these people who will live in that economy will take the council of God and will never be covered by every condition of La. So today in Laian age there are people who are not blind. You are not related. You are not related. You are not [Applause] miserable because of your open is your resurrection. That is the history that we are celebrating. that God brought us out of the dead. [Applause] Let me prove it further to you in the message recognizing your name and it message. How many of you ever are ready? Let's fellowship a little. Yes. The prophet said right now people are coming for revival. Did you ever read it? I said fast, pray, fast, pray. It's not too late yet. We got to have the breaking of the day. This that and the other. Brown says will they preach? Will they preach any magazine without a call to fast and pray? That's right. Amen. The prophet said, "Why do they do that?" Yes. In 1964, when something has taken place in 1963, why were they still doing that? He said, being Christians, they feel they feel. Yes, sir. The pull of the house. That something has to be taken place. You know why? That child that was born from Jubilee, Amen. Amen. 50 years in 1956. Yes. And for the next 6 to seven years, hallelujah, God used the prophet to go around the coast of all the lines where those jubilees, you know, we celebrated where they happened. Yeah. Go stud the messages. And he was preaching several messages like Jubilee year, this that and the other. The last one they preached was return in Jubilee. And in that message, he was saying time has come for the old fighters to give way. Yes. so that the children of light can come into the inheritance. It was very prophetic. You know why? Because in the bridge that was at Kadesh. Amen. The reason for the bridge, it was a bridge of 40 years. It's a bridge of time. The reason for that bridge was because of unbelief. And God told Moses, "I will respect you." Yeah. You don't want me to kill everybody as one man, but I will kill them in in gradually for the next 38 years from Kadesh in Kadesh. All those old people who say we cannot make it. They were all wiped out. That was the scripture of the prophet that old fighters have to give way so that the children of light, those who believe they can make it can move into the inheritance. Because the last day must be to the first read your Bible. The journey never resumed until all those people died. Yes. Amen. So brother had to go through the coast of all those places of revival. Yes. And the final message must return in Jubilee. Then in 1963, seven angels came down gave the commission for the open for the book to be opened. What took place in Revelation 68 and 10 to be fulfilled upon the earth. Amen. Yes, sir. In order to liberate the children of the light, to come out from the ground. Amen. After they were liberated, some were still singing fast and pray. You know why? because they lived on milk for too long. 50 something years old, still on milk. He's not cracking cold. He's not eating salsa. He's not eating all those other food, rice and everything. You going to kill that child because his orans are too developed for those level of meal. Amen. That is what brother said. Amen. Good Christians, he felt the pull of the hour. But he said what they were asking for had already taken place. And they didn't know it. Oh God. Hallelujah. Then he began to tell. He said, "Oh Jerusalem, yes. Oh Jerusalem, how long will I have over you? As end over our prophet was in Los Angeles preaching." Yes. And he turned around. He said not in any way, not in any way becoming Christ. But you see, you know why he has to do that? He carried the ministry of Christ. Yes. Jesus did the same thing on his road to crucifixion. Yes. Amen. The sin must repeat for the Gentiles. And he said, "Oh, not in any way acting like Christ, but it continues." He said Los Angeles, you that were called by the name of the Lord. Los Angeles became the symbol of the destruction of the earth like Jerusalem was there. He said, but your hour has come. Yes. You have missed. And they told the people, he said, remember, he said, my name is on it. Amen. He said, I do believe this age is past redemption. Yes. Amen. He said you can call it my opinion, you can have yours. Glory what I'm saying is there. And he said it has passed it some few years back. Yes. Amen. What happened few years back. Amen. Yes. In Chicago was when we had another showdown of 400 prophets of B. That's right. Come on church. You want to see your redemption. Amen. We have those vow prophets gathered again to do what? To challenge the message of the hour. Just and it's an opportunity to settle lingering doubt. Yes. In the minds of the people because Elijah asked, "How long would you linger between two opinions?" Yes. If God become [Music] the one who answer by fire, he will be our God. The one who answer by fire, let him be our God. Amen. So in these last days, there's no point lingering between two opinion. Is either right or wrong. Yes. Amen. And those guys gathered and they tried to kind of brought it in a deceptive manner. He said, "We want fellowship." And they send somebody to bring invitation. I hope I can still go a little while. They sent somebody with an invitation. He said, "You are close to him. Go entice him to come." But they don't know who they were dealing with. They don't know that is a person of interest in the kingdom of God. Yes. Anytime you mention his name, yes, God must appear. So God saw through everything they were discussing. And before the brother could come, God visited the prophet and told him what happened. And he said, "Don't worry, you go. I will be with you." [Applause] And the brother brought invitation. Amen. He said, "Brethren, I really they really appreciate you. They want to have fellowship with you." And brother said, "You are my friend, right?" He said, he said, "Let us say I cannot make that meeting. Can you please stand for me?" He said, "Brother, he said, it is you the one." He said, "But my friend, I've stood for you in many meetings. The ones you can attend, we ask me to come and have done that for you. Do this for me." He said, "Brother Brown, it is you the one." Amen. And the prophet told him, he said, "I expect you to speak like that. Uh, they really don't want me." They wanted a showdown. How did you know? But you just told me they want me for fellowship. Amen. You are asking how I knew. So, don't worry. When that day come, they chose uh golden tulip. What are the hotels here? Amen. Do you have rain hotel? You have protein. Okay. They choose protein hotel, but they're not going to use protein. They will use marriott. Brother, we've already paid. The prophet said, I don't care whether you've paid or not. Then when that day come, brother so and so we sit in this position. This will be the color of his shirt. This will be the color of his tie. And this will be the color of his suit. Brother so and so. Brother so and so. Brother so and so. Amen. He said, "Don't worry. I'll be there." Amen. So when the day came, the managers of your hotel suddenly realized somebody paid early. Yes. Before they paid and they said, "Don't worry, we've got it all covered. We can't give you project, but we've arrived because the Lord can never When they go to marry us, the brother was careful to watch all the brothers the prophet mentioned. He saw them dressed and seated where he said they will sit. Hallelujah. The man became afraid. So as the program was about started, he said, "Excuse me, brethren." That's right. Before you call the prophet, before you call brother, let me say something, I want you to know that brother knows what he's talking about and he's not afraid of any of you because he told me we are not going to use protein. We will use Marriott. We are inside Marriott now. He told me you will sit where you are sitting. This will be the cover of your shirt. Exactly what you are wearing. you. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. I think that was a messy enough to somebody who will be sober and think of his soul. But they still threw the challenge. And the prophet came out and used the opportunity to open up the blessings that we know. The message of the harbor. Of course, these people were scared of putting him on their pulpit, but now they had an opportunity to hear. Yes. Amen. And when they finished, he said, "If there be any among you who could come up and challenge this by your Bible, please come out." Amen. Reverend, nobody came out. So believe the son is wasting his time today. Their fathers never came out. It's too late for them to make any noise. These things were not done in the closet. They were done in the open. Hallelujah. [Applause] And when nobody came out, the prophet said, "You see, you had an opportunity now, but you never did." You see that? So from today, lay off my back. Amen. And after the service, all of them came and said, "We didn't realize that that's the way it is. In fact, we are coming to be rebaptiz in the name of Jesus Christ. We will buy all these gifts and send to our people." Then the prophet waited for them for some years. They never came. Then they brought the message indictment. Yes. Yes. We following those messages and the message indictment. He said, you remember those folks said they were coming. That's right. But they never came. Yes. Because the price is too great. He said, but do you know what they have done? Yes. Do you want me to tell you what he said they did? They committed unpardonable sin. Yes. That's what the prophet said. Yes. He brought Hebrews chapter 2 and chapter 6. Yes. Amen. Because unparalleled sin means you get the truth. You acknowledge it is the truth. But you refuse it and refuse to walk in it. Here is your unpardonable sin. That's right. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And he said from that moment they represent Laodesia and Laian churches that lost the articles of redemption. Yes. He said no denomination can never come as a group to accept the light again. They lost it. That was why that was 63. That was why in 64 he pronounced them past redemption. So we are still getting excited by Pentecostalism. Something is wrong. Right. Amen. Glory. 100%. So we receive the message. Yes. That it was that resurrected us out of that dead condition. That has brought us into an economy. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Where all things are possible. Amen. That is why it was important for the lamb. Amen. The bleeding lamb to stand and take the book. Yes. Are you catching it? He took the book in Revelations 5. In Revelation 6 and 8, he opened the book. Amen. In Revelation 10, he had the book completely open. Is that still the message? Amen. Amen. And when he had it completely open, Revelation 101. Amen. Amen. When he had it completely open, he was looking for a man. Yes. That's right. a faithful steward. An elazza. That's right. And uno. Amen. Amen. Who is not going to inject his [Applause] thoughts? Who will say like Apostle Paul that which I receive from the Lord the same I deliver. Yes sir. Huh. Amen. There was somebody in this day who said I was not the one that appeared at I was only there. I was only the person there. Praise the Lord. I was only the person there. You are not feeding on me because a man is what will fail. For you are feeding on the unfailing body of the son of man. One man said it in this day. Oh God. So as God began to search in Revelation 107. Amen. He found one man. Amen. He said, "But in the days of the voice, Amen. of the seventh angel. when it shall begin to serve. Yes. [Applause] The mystery. Just one mystery. No, no, no, no. No mysteries. Yeah. This is it. Revelation 7. It didn't say mysteries. So don't look for two, three, four Bibles. This is the mystery of God. Amen. should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophet. This is the declaration of the prophet. Hallelujah. Everything in here from Genesis to Revelation should be completed. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. And friends when the messenger completed it. Yes. He cannot keep it to himself. The completion wasn't meant for him. Yes. Amen. That's right. It's not a sacment, friends. Amen. Beyond anything, brother Abraham knew his purpose. Yes. Hallelujah. His purpose is that of exposure. Yes. Bringing in contact. That's right. The bride. Yes. And agroom. Yes. Once that is established, it must decrease. Yes. Amen. And the groom must increase. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you here? Let me tell you, the messenger of this age did not decrease for a five-fold minister. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For those of you who have several Joshua, you're just a confused man. Amen. How can a greater decree for decrees for the lesser? When John decrees, he decrees for somebody greater than him. Amen. Simple scripture. He said, "This man is so great, but you are not worthy to untie the lace of his feet. There is no five-fold minister that is greater than the prophet Messenger. No. None will send to you and to the angel of love this year not angels as of many. So with Abraham the messenger will never decrease for a lesser man. Who was a product of his own ministry. No sir. Hallelujah. Yes sir. You are saying Joshua Moses never decreases for Joshua perish that thought. Do you know Joshua lived under Moses throughout his life? Even when Moses was not physically present, did Joshua bring a fresh revelation? Did he have a fresh understanding? Even to the division of the land, it didn't according to what Moses, what was the commandment to Joshua? He said this word of the Lord that the Bible called Moses. Do you know that the Bible called Old Testament Moses? Yes. He said wherever Moses is being raised shall not depart from your mouth. Amen. And let me float with you. If you think it was a big man, then Joshua means Jehovah savior. Amen. So Moses decrees for Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Uh-huh. Uhhuh. Amen. Whichever way suit yourself. Amen. I've given you something to cry. Hallelujah. But you know what friends? When he said I must increase and he must increase. It is the ministry of the seventh angel giving way to the full ministry of Christ himself. the ministry of the seventh angel of loud desire. Amen. That was why even when he decreased, he never lived until 65. Amen. Did you realize that? Amen. When John decreased, he left the sin. God has got no two people to do the job. He was first a messenger to Laian age. Yes. Then he carried the ministry to the bride because the ministry of the seventh angel to Lesian age cannot produce the bride. My it is the full ministry of Jesus Christ. Amen. The ministry to Lesia was first and second pool. That's right. That was why when the third pool which is the opening of the Lord was ready, Lesia rejected it. And God still used the messenger to do what? to bring the full mystery revealed unto who? Unto the John, the bride of this hour. For the last three years, we were dealing with the open book. And when brother Brown was able to establish that contact between the heavenly bridegroom and the heavenly bride, he preached the message invisible union and he said, "It's my thanksgiving message. My purpose is accomplished. I've been able to bring the bride and the groom in contact. So I must take the backstage whereas they take the center stage and consumate their relationship. The marriage has been done. It's the wedding supper we are going for. [Applause] Hallelujah. By the way, by the way, in the Eastern marriages, do you realize even according to the Old Testament law, after a marriage is performed, before there can be a reception or a wedding feast, there must be consolation. Uhhuh. Do you realize that? Do you re You don't know. Okay, I'm showing you. Go back to the Old Testament. Yes. The father of the bride will furnish a room for consummation. Amen. The outcome of consummation will determine whether there will be a wedding feast or a funeral. Amen. Amen. Amen. Read your Bible. Yes, sir. It is sounding sacrilege. If the woman is made pure, there'll be wedding feast. The man comes out with a token of virginity. Yes. And it's handed over back to the father of the bride. Amen. as an evidence of the chastity of a do of his daughter. Yes. But if the man comes out and said there's no token Amen. the the ceremony will become sober. Who did it? Amen. Under what circumstance? Yes. And you have been stoning a funeral. Yes. That is eastern. Christ is marrying us in an eastern way. Amen. That is why after we said I do, Amen. is cultivating with us. Amen. In order for us to bring forth [Applause] must reproduce the life of Jesus Christ on two feet. And that is why we qualify you and I for the wedding feast. Are you with me, brethren? This is why he brought us into the secret place. We came out of loud Asia. We got into the bride age. A secret economy that is not governed by the conditions of loudness. In here, what are we doing? We are feeding on nothing. Yes. But the open book. Yes. That was why in Revelation 10:8, John was commanded. Yes. To go do what? Take the book. From the hand of him. Yes. from the hand of the mighty angel. Do you know why it's like that? Because the seventh angel made no contribution. There was no addition. There was no subtraction. So these last days, the seventh angel brought us an opportunity to fit directly from the hands of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. It is not a creature. It is not a dogma. It is not the understanding of men but the pure revelation of Jesus Christ. What a job he did that he made us fell in love with Christ that we have not physically sent. Didn't Rebecca fell in love with Isaac that he had never met? You know why did a perfect job? Yes. Whenaz went to Rebecca, he went with the message revelation of Isaac. Yes. And by the time he preached that message, the picture of Isaac was so clear to Rebecca till she fell in love. Have you seen Christ physically today? You haven't seen him, but you have fallen in love. You can even die for him. Thank God for our thank God for the voice of the seventh angel. Hallelujah. And as we feed on these blessings. Amen. We are becoming what we are eating. It's so sweet to us, isn't it? He said it will be sweet in your mouth, bitter in your belly. The professor does your digestion. Amen. When the word becomes you and you become that oil. The life that you produce is going to quake the kingdom of the devil and there will be reaction. That is the bitterness. But don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. This is why Christ died. Do not be afraid. It is your Easter. It's your opportunity to give an evidence that Christ is not dead. He is alive. Hallelujah. It is your opportunity to give the proof of his resurrection. Don't be afraid because John must prophesy. The Bible says so. The testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. You won't leave here without giving an evidence that that same Christ of 2,000 years ago is alive. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's all Amen. It's already done. Amen. The highest thing to accept is the sovereignty of God. Amen. Amen. It's already done. Family come we sit together before we ask our elder pastor general s he's still there to come and close. Amen. Isn't the lord good? Amen. How many love his presence? How many [Applause] [Music] people get behind their head and come to due season. Amen. I can't wait for the climax. I know we had a seven course meal today. Hallelujah. Amen. And I can't wait to go a little higher tomorrow. How many is coming back tomorrow? Amen. Amen. Amen. It's already done. He's going to do it. It's all Let's all sing together. We're going to talk to the Lord all together after that. Amen. It's already fighting. The battle is fight. The victory is won. It's already done. [Music] It's already done. It's already done. It's already done. [Music] The battle is over. The victory is already sealed. My family is [Music] every power. [Music] [Applause] Oh, victory is your [Music] I accept [Music] it. My family accept your father. Accept your forgiveness. Accept your healing. Accept the Holy Ghost. [Music] Victory is one. It's already all that shaking. I'm [Applause] already I'm already here. [Music] The battle is over. The victory is [Music] [Applause] Please tonight for the song, thank God for the testimony. Thank God for his word. Father, we bow before the series. We come to you today as above every other day in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We are thankful Lord God to be in the presence of God with his fullness of joy. Father, all that we have need of is found in the presence of God. We have been touched. We have been revived. We have been strengthened. We have been quickened in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, our cups are overflowing with the revelation of the word of God. We thank you for our brother dearly. We thank you for oh God as you anoint him to preach the word. We are blessed tonight. Amen. You did. We don't deserve it, but yet we are blessed. We thank you for your presence and the anointing of God that brings the youth from the enemies. We thank you for the preacher of the word. Your spirits are cast out. Thank you for the preach of the word. Sick are healed. People are delivered and individuals are set free. Souls are saved. Lives are changed. Power of the enemy is broken by the preaching of the word of God. Tonight we heard the preaching of the unadulterated word of God. And father we thank you. We pray that you bless him. Bless his church. Bless his family in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless every brother, every sister that has come tonight. We pray that you continue to bless us throughout the entire weekend. We commit all things to thee in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, we know that no weapon formed against us will be able to prosper. We thank you that priests of God will go with us and continue to be with us and father that signs will follow the believer. We give you all the praise, the glory, and the honor in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Applause] [Music] thy [Music] will to do [Music] all time. Amen. and want to do thy [Music] will take me, break [Music] me, me and make me. I want to do that I will. Oh [Music] Lord, I want to do thy will. Oh [Music] Lord, I want to do thy will. [Music] Break me, break me, mold me and make me. I want to do [Music] thy father. I want to do that. I know you're tired. Can we just give a few more moments to the Lord? And I would like to pray for your salv. [Music] I want [Music] you. Thank you. Thank you for your [Music] worship. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] We thank you for the [Music] Eastern Lord. We thank you for the words of God. [Applause] [Music] We are going [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] to thank you for redemption. Thank you all for redemption. Lord, reveal my brothers and my sisters. Thank you for redemption. God, I once was lost, but now I'm on, but now I can [Music] see one of you. [Music] They want to walk in the light series. [Music] Amen. Don't forget the service tomorrow at 4:00. Amen. Don't stop before your blessing. Some have received today, but I believe those that did not receive will receive it tomorrow. If you don't receive it tomorrow, you're going to receive it on Sunday. But the revelation of Jesus Christ is for appointed title. Amen. So come back. Amen. I believe you blessed. Amen. Who's your [Music] dispossess cover the face of my knees?
