################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - The Holy Ghost Positioning Sons Of GOD for the Final Omega Manifestation  Pastor Adrian Gengan - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   The Holy Ghost Positioning Sons Of GOD for the Final Omega Manifestation | Pastor Adrian Gengan |
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vA97L5x7XVw
========================================

for making me whole. I want to thank you Lord for giving to me. Thy grace salvation so full and free. Amen. Amen. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you can Father, thank you, Lord, because of what you've done, Father. Amen. Lord, we don't have words to describe how we feel in your presence. Yes, Lord. But Lord, we just lay ourselves in your presence, oh God. Thank you, Father. You know the secrets of the heart. And your word declares when we don't have the word, the Holy Ghost makes such on our behalf, oh God. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, even as we come now, Father, as obedient sons, submitting ourselves under your mighty hand, we pray, Lord, for our outpouring of your spirit, Lord Jesus. And Father, I pray, oh God, that you will position us, oh God. Amen. Father, I pray, Lord, that revelation will be in attendance, oh God. That Father, Lord, we'll be able to position ourselves as where you want us to be in this time. in this season, oh God. And Father, even as you are pouring yourself out, Lord, we want to empty ourselves out of ourselves and everything, Lord, that's not of you, Father. Lord, even as we come before you now, Lord, we pray you'll bless the hearer of the word and the speaker, oh God. We pray, Lord, for the word that will be spoken, Lord. We find an abiding place in our hearts. We ask your blessings now in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Everybody feeling good in the house of the Lord? Amen. Hallelujah. I feel good just to know I've been redeemed. Amen. Makes me feel good. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we are grateful for another time and opportunity to come into the house of the Lord. Amen. To worship him. Amen. If Jeff's unwell, remember him in prayer. Hallelujah. Amen. And remember one another in prayer. Amen. Remember also those that we are we are praying for. Amen. Backslitting not coming to church. Amen. And maybe thinking who's the backsliden ones not coming to church. Amen. People can be backslitten in many ways. That's right. Sometimes they need overcoming power. Amen. So eating once a week is not good enough. Amen. Some people are so particular about the eating habits. They want to eat every 3 hours or three meals a day. Amen. So I believe Amen. every opportunity we get, we should come into the house of the Lord. Now don't be mistaken that by seeing signs come to pass and prophecies come to pass that will scare people to church. Not anymore. Yes, that's right. You know, in 1977 they were so convinced they sold their houses, their properties, this and the that year. Even if they're coming with physical marks, people will say, "Ah, I'm not coming to church." That's right. That's how the conscience of people are. Even as the Bible says, even as you see the day fast approaching, now they can see prophecies unfolding. The day is fast approaching, but they don't want to be found in church. So, I'm saying remember our brothers and our sisters. We don't want anyone to be lost or anyone to miss out on the rapture. And I say again, if the rapture takes place, and it's very likely it might take place on a witness day, then where will we be? Lord, where will we be when the book is open? Where will you be when the role is called? Amen. Will you be found in your place? Amen. Let's turn to the Bible. We read our scripture, then you can be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are these screens on, brothers? Amen. We'll go to Acts chapter 4. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We read Acts chapter 4. We have sister is it Kita? Am I saying it right? Is that the right pronunciation? Amen. Let's welcome our sister. Amen. Brother Shman's daughter. Is this your oldest daughter? Give a hand. Amen. Welcome her. Praise the Lord. Is this your eldest daughter? Amen. Praise the Lord. I remember you. You came here like two years ago. Maybe. Amen. I remember she's coming to the church and at that time wanted to come fellowship. We'll be happy to have you here with us tonight. We pray the Lord bless you. Amen. And grant to you the desire of your heart. Amen. And so Acts chapter 4 and verse 13 says, "And when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and realized that they were unschooled and ordinary men, they marveled and took note that these men had been with Jesus." Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, who's Peter and John? Amen. The statue of a perfect man. That's now faith to love. When they looked at the stature of a perfect man, they realized these men were unschooled ordinary. So they're marveling at these men and took note that these men had been with Jesus. These men not only had a relationship with Jesus. Amen. When they're saying they took note that they had been with Jesus, what they really saying is that these men are like Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. That's right. Amen. They thought they got rid of Jesus. Yes. Now instead of seeing one Jesus, they are seeing two Jesus. Amen. In his image and likeness. That's right. And seeing the men who have been healed standing there with them, they seeing the evidence. They had nothing to say in response. Amen. Amen. So the supernatural will always silence the critics. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. When they saw the boldness of Peter and John, I'm telling you, that's a statue of a perfect man, they realized that they were unschooled, ordinary men and that these men and they marveled and took note that these men had been with Jesus. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless him through the reading of his word. You may be seated. He's going to be doing this the whole time. So I'm speaking on the Holy Ghost positioning sons of God for the final omega manifestation. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. There's only one unseen force sent to position us in this time and season. We can't get on man's idea. We've got to depend on what was sent to lead and guide the church. Amen. Amen. If it led the alpha church, it must leave the omega church. So, amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, when you start primary school, they start you with ABCs. A B C D E F G and they teach you counting 1 to 10. But what they teach you in alpha preschool is not what they teach you in Omega Metric. Amen. So, I'm saying the Holy Ghost is positioning the sons of God for the final Omega manifestation. Hallelujah. Which means that the omega manifestation won't be ABC's. It will be algebra. There is a people on the earth now that the prophet of God can say, "You know your ABCs. I can teach you algebra." That's still not a church coming. That's a church that's here. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. How many of you ready for algebra? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. then you're the omega manifestation right now. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm just praying this thing obeys me and it I don't know why it keeps doing that. Amen. Praise the Lord. So if you remember here that this man had sat by the gate beautiful. Amen. He sat there for 40 years. So Jesus died when he was 33. So this man would have been there sitting at the temple because the Bible if you read it says this man went daily to the temple to beg arms. Yes. And Jesus was always around the temple. So this man would have been sitting there when Jesus was passing by. That's right. Yes. But the son can do nothing but what the father shows him. Amen. Amen. Same like the man at the pool of Bethesda. He goes there and there's hundreds of people laying there. But Jesus heals one man. Yes. So this man was not meant to be healed under Jesus ministry. That's right. This man was meant to heal to be healed under St. John 14:12. Greater works than these shall he do. For I go unto my father. So there are certain things in life, certain situations in life that are kept back and held back for a certain time and season for the greater works for the outpouring for omega sons of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. But we can't operate in this way unless we recognize who we are. And sometimes we've got to be elevated to our position. So I'm praying for an elevation to our position. Even this tonight, I'm praying for us to go into higher dimensions of the Holy Ghost to get into that heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, our God is a good God. Amen. Hallelujah. So, they are looking at the boldness that will come into the statue of a perfect man. All creation is in fact groaning to see the boldness come into the stature of a perfect man. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, praise the Lord. Now remember, we took this quote and the prophet is telling us that each generation has its own revival. So I say to you, don't miss the bride's revival. Don't miss the revival in 2025. Hallelujah. Remember how we started the year? God has promises for each new year. Lord, Amen. God has things planned for each new year. We spoke to you about dimensional doors being opened up. Amen. And we are seeing how in the in the religious realm, the doors have opened up. We're seeing in the political realm, doors have opened up. If you haven't noted in 2025, Revelation 13, the USA elected their new leader, inaugurated their new leader. Also in 2025 now, Revelation 13, the beast has got their new leader. Amen. And how many of you remember the message after 25 years? Amen. Amen. Yes. Yeah. Amen. Amen. So that that wasn't just a message. Yeah. So we were looking at after 25 years, the promised son came forth. So we're looking now after 25 years since 2000. Every 2,000 years something major takes place on the earth. So could it be after 25 years sons and daughters of God will come to manifestation? Isaac will come in on the scene. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. So each generation has its own revival. Oh, I'm having a good revival. Amen. We are got a word revival. Amen. And the prophet says they chants at the word. Amen. Not a word for another day. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. We don't have a word for another day. We've got present tense word, present tense reality. We see the supernatural in our day. God himself made flesh today. Amen. Now, hear what the prophet of God says here. If you've got the Holy Spirit in you, because the Holy Spirit is your original spirit. Amen. Amen. That's right. He's going to lead you and guide you into all truth. Amen. Watch what he says now. You're a candidate for association with the unseen world. Amen. And the supernatural. Listen in Revelation book of symbols. How many of you got the Holy Ghost? Amen. You got to make that your confession as well. How many of you have received the Holy Ghost? Then now the prophet is saying you're a candidate for association. Yeah. And let me tell you, a son and daughter of God, the prophet says, can go many years wandering. But because you are a seed of God, God will call you back into his program. Amen. God won't leave you, Amen. outside of his program. Sons must always come back to his program. You remember the prodigal son. That's right. Amen. If you are feeling too cold, you can switch the air off or higher. Amen. Praise the Lord. God won't leave you in a pitch pen eating pig food. Because sons can't feed in end time on pig food. Sons need eagle food. So there's only one place where eagle food can be found. That's in father's house. So no matter what position you find yourself in, what condition you find yourself in, God is leading you and guiding you back to truth. Amen. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Father. because you are a predestinated seed that God loves you and you pull you back. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. Somebody say, "I'm a candidate for association with the unseen world." Amen. And the supernatural. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. But I want to take that a bit further because a candidate is not may not be chosen. Right. You see that? That's right. He says if you've got the Holy Spirit, then you're a candidate. And and the word candidate means someone who applies for the job is nomination nominated for election. Hallelujah. Amen. So you are nominated for election. So God has nominated you when he gave you the Holy Spirit for association with the unseen world. But I don't just want to remain a candidate. Hallelujah. Glory to Jesus. Because a candidate is only nominated for election. Lord, you can have many people nominated. Amen. Let's see what Jesus is telling the disciples here. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's telling them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me." Right? Yes. So the one that believes on him is the one entitled to the Holy Ghost. Number one, he says, "Now the works that I do shall he do also." Praise the Lord. Who's going to do this? The one that believes. The one that has the Holy Ghost. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory. Thank you, Lord. The one that he says, "Greater works than these shall he do." Amen. because I go unto my father. So what is he saying? He's saying I am here the physical manifestation of God on the earth. But I'm going away and I'm going to reestablish sons on the earth. Amen. Back to the original position. Amen. He says because I go to my father, greater works shall these sons do. So what was Jesus doing? Somebody tell me he was nominating them as candidates. Amen. Amen. At that time, the Holy Ghost had not poured out on them. Amen. Right? You see this, brother Amed? Amen. So St. John 14:12, he's nominating them as candidates. Amen. That's right. He's saying, you are the candidates for whom the greater work shall be done. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. But I want you to notice now the candidates now became elected official sons. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That's Acts chapter 2 now. And then we find ourselves in Acts chapter 4 where Peter fasting. Let's see if the evidence work. Let's see if because the prophet says, "When the Holy Ghost comes upon you, you're a candidate for association with the unseen." Amen. Right. Association with the unseen and the supernatural. Now, we know the Holy Ghost poured out in Acts chapter 2. That's right. Right. Amen. Now go read Acts chapter 2 again because Jesus is telling them in Acts chapter 1 that you shall receive power when the Holy Ghost comes upon you. But when you're reading Acts chapter 2, we are seeing a different kind of power. Because here the Holy Ghost comes in like a mighty rushing wind. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Holy Ghost comes in like a mighty rushing wind. Amen. Cloven tongues of fire sits upon them. Then it goes into them. Amen. Then they sang out of there like drunk men. Right. Still no power. We can't see any power. Right. Amen. Because Acts chapter 2, everyone refers to as Acts chapter 2 as the birthplace of the church. The power restored to the church. But what we find there is a man Peter standing up in the face of criticism and mocking that these men are drunk. He stands up there and he reports scripture back to them and says these are not drunk as you suppose. So it's the power restored of the spoken word. Amen. They are not drunk as you suppose. But this is that the prophet Joel spoke about. Amen. I'm going to pour out my spirit upon my sons and my daughters. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And so I'm trying to show you. You read Acts chapter 2. It's a preaching service. And the power of the Holy Ghost captivates 3,000 men. Amen. And they are saved under the preaching of Peter. 3,000 souls get saved, convicted. Amen. Men and brethren, what must we do to be saved? He says, "Repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, we would have associated power with something else. But the power of the gospel, 3,000 souls. It's only in Acts chapter 3 that Peter and John now come to the gate. Beautiful. Amen. Right. So, let's don't forget our thought now. In John 14:12, Jesus is telling the disciples, you are the candidates for greater works. Amen. But let's see after the Holy Ghost comes if it works, if it fulfills itself. Because in Acts chapter, you can follow in your Bibles if this thing is not working properly. In Acts chapter 4, Amen. or maybe Acts chapter 3, it says, "And Peter fasting his eyes upon him with John." So this must be a complete statue of a perfect man. Everybody say with me, "Peter is faith." Peter is faith. And John is love. Amen. So that's now from the from the foundation to the capstone. And saying look on us. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Because they know where deity is in right now. Amen. Come on. These people are not confused. Amen. Peter and John are not confused. Amen. You can't be confused in this time and season when we come right to the top now with the capsule coming down to realize where's deity. Amen. Look back to the 60s. Look back here. Look back there. No, look on us. We carry the authority of the word. Thank you. I believe that Lord. Thank you. Peter fasting his eyes upon him with John. So faith is looking upon hope. Remember this man is representing hope. He has a hope for something. He says, "Give me something." So here you're seeing faith, hope and love. Faith and and love are standing there and hope is hoping for something. And he says, "Look on us." And he gave heed unto them expecting to receive something of them. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, I picked up something here. When you're picking this thing up, you can actually type in here the the restoration of the bride tree. Amen. Because look on us was one work of grace. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Yes. You can type in there justification, sanctification, and you can see right there 456. Amen. Six. They still speaking. Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So speak to your own situations. Speak to your own problems. Speak to your own trials. Amen. They must bow down. Amen. To your words. Thank you, Lord. They must bend to your words. They must obey your words. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, I bless you. Amen. Thank you Jesus. And remember now it's only in verse seven that he takes him by the right hand. Right hand is signifying power. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. It's in that seventh age now that you are seeing the manifestation. Yes. Amen. The prophet of God on the scene took him by the right hand lifted him up and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength. Amen. Thank you Lord. Amen. So which means at the end of the seven church age the bride was on her feet. Hey somebody catch us. It wasn't in any other age but only in the seventh verse at the end of that seventh age the bride was back on her feet. Amen. Thank you Lord. But the bride goes into another position into the bride age and the verse eight which speaks of eternity. Now the bride is leaping. Amen. upto stood and walked and entered with them into the temple because now she is the temple walking leaping and praising God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So I say now this is my words. We are not the nominated candidate but we have secured the nomination and have been appointed to our position as sons of God. I am not a nominated candidate anymore. I'm the elected official. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I bear the position as a son of God. Amen. Amen. So, which means now I've been appointed and elected for association with the unseen world and the supernatural. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You have been elected now. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, you know, in school when they elect you as prefect, you can't do your own thing. You think prefect is being nice, you forsaken your lunch breaks. You must go stand in one corridor now and stand there. They they position you in that one place, right? Amen. You can't go along with the rest of your friends. Why? You've been given a position of power and authority. Amen. Amen. So we can't associate with the normal because we have been called out and positioned as sons of God. Amen. For association with the unseen world and the supernatural. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm only bringing one aspect tonight to show you something about the unseen and the supernatural than our association with them. Now I ask you if you were if you're praying in your room and an angel appears before you. Amen. An angel appears before you. What would be your reaction? What would be your reaction, brother Caleb? You'll be fearful. Amen. Brother Tyson, you saw an angel come into your room. Stand there. What will you do? You'll also be fearful. Amen. So fear is striking the heart. Amen. Hallelujah. But remember your association is with the unseen. Amen. According to the scripture now, right? Your association is with the unseen and the supernatural. Amen. So which means we live more in a supernatural realm and our minds is always heavenly. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's why I've been saying over a few weeks now, we go to work differently. Hallelujah. We go to school differently. Two of you traveling, you and your friend traveling in the same taxi to work, but you traveling in the taxi in heavenly places. While they in earthly realms, Amen. They're talking about earthly things. But your your your mind is heavenly minded. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we are I'm saying this again. We are the elected officials for association with the unseen world. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So, I want to go to that verse 14 there. If you pick it up in your Bibles, Acts 4:14. And seeing the men who had been healed standing there with them, they had nothing to say in response. Right? That's verse 14. Now I am saying that we right now do you know that we are being healed? Amen. That's right. Amen. What is what is the the body change? It's the final healing of the body. Amen. Amen. So Enoch's walk is one of healing. Every day his body was being healed. Amen. And being healed. And one day he was so perfectly healed that he changed dimensions. Amen. Shall we leap over walls? Hallelujah. Amen. Now I'm asking you what kind of Holy Ghost do we believe if we believe that we are continuation of the book of Acts? Because the book of Acts took Philip and transported him while he was in a flesh body. Amen. So don't tell me the Holy Ghost can't do the same thing today. You need transportation. The Holy Ghost can transport you. Amen. You need an answer to your question like the uni. The Holy Ghost can give you the answer. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. But pay attention now. The the evidence is standing before them and they had nothing to say in response. Right? So which means they were silenced. They had to shut up. And here what the prophet of God is saying now. Watch. He's typing Mark 11:23 to the sons of God. He says, "Say to the mountain, be moved. Don't doubt in your heart, but believe what you have said shall come to pass. You can have what you have said. Now watch how he types in scripture. He says the placing of the church in position. Amen. I'm speaking on the Holy Ghost placing the sons of God in position for the final omega manifestation. Right. The placing of the church in position. So if he's going to place us in our position, he's going to give us the scripture to use. Amen. And he's just quoting the scripture. When the angel of God came in 2023, what scripture did he give us? I'm angry. He gave us Mark 11:23. Amen. He gave us Amen. Mark 9:23. All things are possible to them that believe. Thank you, Lord. Amen. So, these are the scriptures of little gods. These are the these are the these are the words that little gods utter. Thank you, Lord. Come on now. Yes. Yes, sir. He says where what is the placing of the church in position where the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into the church. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are they switching now? Amen. They should actually switch and not wait for it to go. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's just wait for them to switch and we're not distracted by that. [Music] Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Don't need to switch this back on. Amen. So, watch now what we just said. If the Holy Ghost is positioning us as sons, he's got to give us our scripture. Amen. Amen. And our scripture is Mark 11:23. Amen. The scripture that positions us as sons how to speak. Amen. You got to switch this uh back on here. Praise the Lord. So he says here again, the placing of the church in position where the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into the church. Amen. Amen. So we should be looking for nothing less than the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost coming into the church. Amen. Amen. Lord, send the power. Amen. Amen. In fact, why don't we repeat that? Lord, send the fullness of the power. Send the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost of the Holy Ghost into me. into me. Right now, when that happens, we're going to switch this back on, I suppose. Watch what he says now. Now remember we we are obviously following a train of thought. These men's mouths were shut when the evidence was standing before them. Right. Right. I'm tying it with this quote. He says when the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into the church, the critics's mouths will be shut. Amen. Amen. So what do we need? Association with the unseen world. Amen. Amen. association with the unseen world and the supernatural to shut the critics's mouth. Then watch what he says. It'll be a short time. Amen. So people seeing the sign, hey, pope elected. Hey, excited for Sunday. Monday. Born again on a Sunday, born again on a Monday. Hey, Sunday they born again. Monday they gone again. Hey It'll be a short time. So from Sunday to Wednesday is a short time. Amen. Amen. Right? Watch what he says now. Jesus, which is the head, came right off the mountain, went straight to Calvary. Notice it won't last long. It will be there. It will be here. Amen. It won't last long, but it will be here. What is he saying here? The fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost will be here but for a short quick time. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So what you do now when you see believers not here, you go and tell them, "Brother, I'm concerned. Sister, I'm concerned you're not at church. The hour is late." Amen. Amen. The hour is late. We should be found in the house of God. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Tell your children to come to church. Amen. You know, I was reading this thing and it really struck my heart that you know even David in the book of Psalms is talking about how we can't take nothing from this life, anything we attain in this life with us. Amen. But the only thing that we as humans can take is our children. Right. Let me cancel your thought right there. Ate right took her children with us. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, what is your desire? Amen. If I ask you, what's your desire? You going to ask for a house or a car? Or you going to say the salvation of my children? Yes, Lord. Lord, because house and car you can't take but children you can take. The Lord told Abraham, I know you'll raise his children, right? He'll teach them to fear the Lord. And you'll read as they were going on, they were gathered with their people. gathered with their people, gathered with their people. But none of the land, the cattle that would said was gathered with them. So you can't take those things. Right? So build your hopes on things eternal. Hallelujah. Amen. The critic's mouth will be shut when the supernatural comes in. Amen. Amen. Amen, Lord. Praise the Lord. Here he's taking Romans 8. If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. There it is. He is spirit and he is life. So, we've got to start to see ourselves as our words being spirit and life. Come on. This is not just a teaching. Every word that the bride of Christ speaks right now. Sons of God, when they are positioned, their words become spirit and life. Which means when you speak, you've got to Amen. expect to see your words come to life. Yes. Amen. Your words are not ordinary words. Your words must come to life. Amen. Thank you, Lord. This is exactly what the word is. That is exactly what Jesus is. He is the word. So, watch our way. This is the point I want to get to. So, when a spirit born, are we saying the spirit is coming now to do this for us? When a spiritborn spiritful man in faith takes that word into his heart and places it upon his lips, M Amen. Why? That is the same as deity speaking. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Every mountain has to go. I say every chain must be broken. Every shackle must go. Every demon power must leave in Jesus name. In fact, right now, I break curses in Jesus name. Right now, I'm breaking chains in Jesus name. Right now, I'm breaking struggles in Jesus name. Yes, Lord. I break sickness in Jesus name. Lord, thank you Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Demon powers are coming to oppress him this time. You think when when the fullness of the Holy Ghost is coming in, do you think not all of hell is not coming against you to oppose it? All of hell is coming against the children of God. But greater is he that's in me than he that's in the word. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. And it's the same as deity speaking. You know what that means? It's the same as Jesus speaking. Hallelujah. Jesus wasn't selfish. Whatever he achieved when he and he got when he when he was victorious and he rose up, he shared with his body. Amen. Amen. Glory. He says every mountain has to go. Depression has to go. Anxiety has to go. Let me tell you, some people don't want to let go of their past. But I'm saying let go of your past. It has to go. Yes. Amen. When God puts something under the sea of forgetfulness, he forgets it. So stop reminding God all the time of how sinful you were and what you've done. Amen. Because you never done it in the first place. Thank you, Lord. You heard that song, what sin? What sin? It was gone the very minute you confessed. Amen. Buried in the sea of forgetfulness. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Every mountain has to go. Thank you, Jesus. In fact, right now, if you're sitting here with a mountain, a circumstance, a issue, you got to tell it to go right now. Amen. You've got to give it legal notice. Demon powers will come. If they can't possess your body, Brother Brandham says they come there. There's a spirit hanging over you. They hang over you and you're feeling the weight of them hanging over you. Amen. And they come to oppress. Yeah. And depress. Yes. Amen. Amen. So sometimes you're feeling the weight. You're wondering why. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. You got to say, I do not give you any authority over my spirit, my soul, or my flesh. This belongs to Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Give it legal notice. And don't speak this in your mind. Speak with your mouth. Yes. Your word, which is your logos, Amen. becomes your reality. That's right, God. Hallelujah. You know that that the Lord God, this is how the law works. God, brother says, was dwelling with his thoughts. And when he had all of his thoughts, nothing was happening. He needed another expression. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Which means he needed a logos so that the word can be expressed. Amen. Wonderful. Praise the Lord. You know that brother Brandham says it was in this stage of the condescension when he came from spirit to word which is the theophony body that he said all he created all things. So which means I'm still on my thought from Sunday by the way that the eternal thoughts of God needed a home. The thoughts need a bing ground. Amen. So the thoughts are like seeds but it needs a bing ground which was the logos and the logos gave expression to the thoughts. So the logos spoke what was in God's mind and he said let there be light and there was light. This same logos comes on the sixth day and says let us make man in our image. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And when God says, "Let us make man," he makes a male and a female spirit. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Never forget how God made the first man. He made a male and a female spirit. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Lord, then God opens up a door. Amen. God opens up a door. Praise the Lord. Amen. He now needs a man to till the earth, till the ground. Yes. So what does he do? He opens up a door. Amen. He opens up a door in this man called Adam. And he takes from him inside a rip. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Then the original man that he created, he separates that spirit. Yes. He takes the feminine spirit out of Adam and he puts it into this woman that he creates. Amen. Hallelujah. So a door is opened on the earth now. So these two need to function as one unit. To be man. So that's why when Adam wakes up now and he says, "You're a fine looking rip. Adam says, "You are born of my bone, flesh of my flesh. You shall be called woman." And he says, "Therefore shall a man leave his father and mother and be joined because they both now must be united." Amen. To function as the God man. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. That was just by the way. I just want to read this last part. He says, "Satan cannot stand before that man." Which man? A spiritborn man. A spiritfilled man in faith who takes the word in his heart and places it on his lips. That man is the same as deity speaking. Yes. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Satan cannot stand before that man. And there's only one type of people that Satan can't stand before is is a church that has got true revelation. Amen. Amen. Who knows who she is, what she stands for, that she can do the greater works. Amen. She will be an invincible army. Here is where the prophet is king. Now, if they get a true revelation of the true spirits within the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit, Satan will be powerless before her. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Ask your neighbor sitting next to you. If you don't have a neighbor, just turn around and ask somebody. Have you got a revelation? How long you in the message? Have you got a revelation? Amen. Because this is the key. Revelation is the key. Amen. Hallelujah. He fights revelation. He cannot stand it. That's right. Amen. He says if she knows Amen. Satan would be powerless before, right? So here is where the revelation, you know, this is a scripture about revelation. In Matthew 16, thou art Peter and upon this rock I will build my church. The gates of hell, yes, Lord, shall not prevail against it. 200 million demons let loose on the earth. I don't care. They can't stand against this. Amen. Amen. That's right. They can go try their luck anywhere else. Not here. You say, why you using the word luck? Yeah, a lot of you try luck. Now you don't have to go gambling house, gambling den. Hey, you're sitting in your with your app on your phone in your bedroom. That's right. And you're busy gambling over there. That's where your money is getting wasted. Amen. Hey. Amen. You soccer betting and what? Betting on horses, playing all your things on your phone in your house. You're getting poor in your house. Amen. Amen. gates of hell can't prevail against it. Thank you, Lord. You see, people bind themselves by all of these spirits. Amen. But we we call ourselves sons of God, highly revelated people. Praise the Lord. But we go to foolish things like that. Yes. Squander what God has given us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now let's deal with only one thing tonight. Amen. Then we close. Now when we are being positioned as sons of God. Now remember what we are speaking about. Amen. We are saying the Holy Ghost is positioning sons of God for the final omega manifestation. Amen. Hallelujah. The final omega manifestation which is Christ in the church. That's right. Praise the Lord. Don't lose that thought now. Yes. So let's position us in one aspect. He says this is the message unbelief does not hinder God. He says but today we have the privilege of coming beyond the angels. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Because Jesus never died for angels. And angels are servants. Yes. And by the blood of Jesus, we are sons and daughters. Amen. Amen. And we come into thy presence saying, "Thank you, Father, for what you have done for us, what you mean to us." Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So, I asked that question for a reason before, right? I asked you the question, if you saw an angel, what would you do for a reason? But he says, we have a privilege of coming beyond angels. Hallelujah. Now remember my question wasn't if you see the angel of the Lord which is God in the form of an angel. I never asked you that. I said if you saw an angel come into your room what would you do? And I don't mean the girl with the curly hair that you call your angel cuz some of you thinking I wish she came into my room, right? I'm not talking about that angel. I'm talking about an angel of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Jesus never died. Angels are servants. Amen. Ah bro. Angels are what? Right now they asked the prophet a question. How shall we judge angels? He says by being sons and daughters of God. Angels are servants. We are sons and daughters of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now remember, the Holy Ghost is positioning us in this aspect tonight because he wants us to be positioned. We can't say we're in heavenly places and we don't know how uh authorities work. The kingdom of God is very ordered. Amen. Amen. You get your general law, then you get higher powers. The centurion was detailing that to Jesus. Yeah. Right? So we know why am I saying this? If you're following my thought, I said you are have association with the unseen world and the supernatural. Right? So when we are having association with that, we shouldn't be fearful. We should know that we are sons of God. Amen. Right. Thank you, Lord. Here's a scripture 1 Corinthians 6:3. Do you not know that saints shall judge the world? And if the world shall be judged by you, are you unworthy to judge the smallest matters? Here's verse three. Now, know ye not that we shall judge angels? Amen. Amen. How much more things that pertain to this life? Amen. So the scripture is saying, "Knowing not that we shall judge angels." Right? Now you hear what the prophet of God is saying here. Right? And it's in the mind of Christ that the human being has the privilege to enter in. You have the privilege to enter the mind of Christ. Didn't he say the mind the bride has the mind of Christ? Right. Let me go quickly now. And know the mind of Christ. My a reality to dwell in the channel of Christ. We unworthy mortals have been brought in to be sons and daughters of God to be fellow citizens. Oh my. I get to shouting. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's driving a point into that wellm where even angels can't come. Angels can't know the mind of God. Yes. Angels don't wasn't revealed to angels the three-fold mystery secret that God held in the back part of his mind. Hello. Amen. Amen. He says say angels. Yes sir. So what am I telling you? If we are we are adding association with angelic beings and the supernatural or the unseen and the supernatural. He's saying now in the in the heavenly realms there are angels there too. But he's saying angels coming can't come into realms where a son can go. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Where sons and daughters angels are servants. The servants cannot go where sons and daughters will go. Amen. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable. Yes. I want you to position yourself and elevate yourself tonight. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Why? Here's the reason why. They can't enter into that relationship. Amen. They can only bow down before God and say, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty." But sons and daughters of God have a relationship. Amen. Whereby we can cry, aba father. Hallelujah. Angels can't make a claim on God, but sons and daughters can make a claim on God. We have right inner claims of every redemptive blessing. Angels can't make redemptive bless claims. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. They can't enter into relationship. They can't reference him as husband. They can't reference him as lord. They can't reference him as savior. Hallelujah. We enter into relationship. Yes. For they are servants and we're sons of and daughters. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. So, to to what extent can I operate this then? If I'm a son and they are servants, to what to what extent can I operate this? Let's see how the prophet operates this. He's praying for the governor's life here. He says, "God, spare our governor's life here of Arizona. God, we love him. We know that thou was put him up to be an overseer of over the people and the things of the nation here of the state. You see, he's not praying for Ramaposa to be dead yet. He's causing a mock in this country. Lord, just take him. No, he's praying now for the officials, right? Watch now. This is the point I want to get to. I pray you will send your angel to him right now. Amen. And let him know that we are praying for him now. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So, so you mean a son of God can dispel angels? Yes. Well, he could have called 10,000 angels. Amen. But I thought we were joint ears. Hey, come on. Aren't we joint ears? So, are angels available? When Daniel prayed in an angel, was an angel dispatched? Yes. Yes. I pray you'll send your remember was it last week or two weeks ago we were praying and we said let's remember the ones that are not in church and I gave you the scripture I said all that the father has given me will come to me and I said let's pray the angel of God goes and speaks to them I believe the angel of God is speaking amen amen you remember we had a baptismal service here you remember there was about five or six of them that came to be baptized how many if you remember that I think Jamaima got baptized at the same If I'm not mistaken, it was during co we put that little pool out there. You remember everyone jog your memories? That brother out of the blue phoned me today to ask me what time we having service on Sunday because his daughter wants to come to church. Amen. Amen. So what triggered that if not the prayer? That's right. Amen. The angel of God calling people to come. Amen. Angel of God calling people to come. You think you're here by accident tonight? No. You think you're here by accident to realize to make you realize that your position is higher in the realm of God. Amen. In fact, let's look at the hierarchy right now. In the seven dimension, you have God. Yes. Right. Who you think is next in line? Which angel would you positioned in? Come on. Praise the Lord. So, let me ask you another simpler way. Beside God, who holds the highest authority and power? I I'm trying to position you differently now. Who has the power and authority on the earth? Amen. That's me. That's you. Amen. So, what we need to do is see ourselves differently. See ourselves differently. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. So you say you say but uh is that real that the prophet is saying send your angel right now? You can pray for that. Amen. Well, let's see what the scripture says. Amen. I if I put the scripture here. Yeah. Here's it. Hebrews chapter 1 verse 13-4. But which of the angels said he at any time sit on my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool? Right? This talking about the son of God. I'm saying you're another son of God. Now watch what he talks about. The angels. Are they not all ministering spirits? Sent forth to minister to God Almighty. Somebody help me to read this. I'm having a problem reading this. Then God is the air of salvation. Yes, sir. Is God the air of salvation? Okay. Who is the heir of salvation? So, who are the angels sent to? But they are sent as what? Ministering spirits. Are they not all ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be hes of salvation? So, angels become ministering spirits to you. Thank you, Lord. Elijah needs food. Yes, sir. Send the angels. Give him food. Hey, people gone quiet now. Amen. People gone quiet. They don't want to hear this. Amen. They want to leave angels higher than them. But the Holy Spirit is positioning you now in this one. Come on now. Why are you going quiet? Am I Am I not reading scripture? Amen. Am I not reading the prophet's quotes here? Amen. Right. So, yeah, he's he's asking the Lord to send an angel to him right now and let him know that we are praying for him right now. Amen. Now, you're a son of God. You got a need. You got a loved one. I challenge you right now. Pray and say, "Lord, send your angel right now." Amen. They are sick. Lord, touch them right now. Amen. Somebody needs deliverance. Touch them. Yes. Come on. Maybe you're witnessing and witnessing to someone. They don't want to come to church. Do you know you can say, "Lord, send your angel to stir up the art and bring them back to church." Amen. Thank you, Lord. I I feel like I'm getting 50% sure in agreement this evening. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Okay. Well, let's just keep saying what the prophet says. Maybe the unbelief will be killing it now, right? Amen. Kick him down. Kick him down. We got the devil on the run. Hallelujah. Amen. Yeah, I can feel him now. I can feel him. We got him in a corner. But some people don't want to let him go. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Glory. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Answer our prayer. May he recover immediately. May he be well. Love you all the days of his life. Right. Lord, I ask for the governor's life to be spared in the name of Jesus Christ, the son of the living God. Amen. Now, here we go. Now, sons and daughters, who has the most power before God? Thank you, Lord. Here's the prophet asking this. Now, you didn't want to believe me just now when I spoken. Here's the prophet. Now, sons and daughters, who has the most power before God? What is an angel? An angel is his servant. That's right. They're his servants. What are you? Thank you. His sons and daughter. Amen. Who has the most power in heaven then? Hey, you didn't want to believe me just now? Why don't you read now? Hallelujah. Who has the most power? Amen. Amen. Then a sinner that saved by grace or an archangel standing by his right side. Ask your neighbor, am I reading right? Glory. Amen. That's right. Thank you, Lord. Come on. Come on. I'm reading the prophet's quote here. I need to pull you out. Pull you out. Yes. Amen. Amen. And position you this evening. Yes. Who has the most power in heaven? A sinner that saved by grace or an archangel standing by his right side. Right. So what I'm trying to do, I'm trying to pull prodigals who had the servant mentality to say let me go back to my father's. I said listen my servant the servants are eating better than me. That's right. He wanted to go and be a servant. God don't want you to be a servant. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Lord, come on now. Who has the most power? A sinner that's saved by grace or an archangel that's standing by the right side, who do you think has the most power? He says the sinner that's saved by grace has more authority in heaven than the archangel that stood by his side without sin cuz he's a son. Amen. Yes. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Son has more authority than his servant. Of course, we forget what we are. We forget many times what made us what we are. Amen. After we become what we are, then we forgot how we got here. This is in the kinsman redeemer. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, I'm saying the Holy Spirit wants to position you for an omega manifestation. Amen. But in order to to for you to see the omega manifestation, he must show you your position in the kingdom. Right. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Go and read Ephesians 1 and see how it ends there. Ephesians chapter 1. It's showing you that God Jesus Christ ascended above all powers and all principalities. But now he says he has come now to share that in his body. Thank you Lord. So he holds the highest authority in the heavens and you hold the highest authority here on the earth. Thank you Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. So how do we see ourselves? Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Now, let me ask you this question. Between the angels of God, and the kingdom of Satan, who holds more authority and power, that's the easy one. Who holds more authority and power? Amen. Amen. Who's more powerful? Hallelujah. So, let's look at the hierarchy again as we close. We got God. We got us. We got the angels of God. Then we got demon powers. Amen. Wonderful. Thank you. So what authority ought we to have over lowerass beings? Amen. Amen. [Applause] Lower class beings coming to worry you and trouble you. Hey, you are risen sons. They are fallen angels. Amen. Amen. How come fallen angels are troubling risen sons? Hallelujah. You got to believe who you are in this time and season. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You got to make claims in the kingdom of God as a son. You're struggling with something in this life. Go before God. That's right. Struggling with something even in your body right now. Go before God. I am telling everyone that I am the tabernacle of the most high God. Right now, your body is not looking too good. Amen. I'm struggling with this. This is coming down to your reputation, not mine. Your word declares that I'm already healed. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Can you make a claim on God? As a son, you have the rights to make a claim on father's inheritance. He says, "Therefore, we can cry, aba, father, source, sustenance." Amen. Let's just leave it there. Let's stand together. Give the Lord a good hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I believe the Holy Spirit is positioning us. Thank you, Lord. Amen. To recognize where we are in the kingdom. Amen. The Holy Ghost positioning sons of God for the final omega manifestation. Hallelujah. What we are seeing now is the beginning of the end. Amen. Why is it now in 2025, you're seeing both players in Revelation 13 elect new leaders? Thank you, Lord. Hey, how about then? Oh yes, Lord. Amen. In the kingdom realm, we are being positioned in you. Amen. Amen. To our true position. Yes. Oh yes. Amen. Now you know why I got this court here. Because there's newly elected officials. They have a newly elected US president. They have a newly elected pope. But I say they are newly elected sons and daughters of God. Amen. Amen. Therefore, he's saying each generation. We are different generation. Amen. Has its own revival. Amen. and chance at the word. Amen. Amen. I'm not going to miss my chance at the word. I'm not going to miss my revival. Amen. Amen. I've come this far by faith. Amen. Leaning on the Lord, trusting in his holy word. Amen. Cuz he's never failed me. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Every head bowed, every eyes closed. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Maybe you're saying, "Lord, I never saw myself, father, as much, but I realize now when I'm looking at authority and power and and the how the kingdom of God is set up." Thank you, Lord. I'm second in charge. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. I'm second in charge. All power in heaven and earth is given unto me. Whatsoever you bind on earth is bound in heaven. Amen. Whatsoever you loose on earth is loosed in heaven. Whosoever sin you remit, they remit. Whosoever sin you retain, they are retained. Are these scriptures making sense now? Why would he place such authority upon you? Because you are an attribute of God. Hallelujah. You are Adam back on the earth right now. Praise the Lord. Amen. So I want you to get rid of all unbelief now. Get rid of every doubt, every fear. Amen. Say, "Lord, I believe." Amen. Maybe you don't understand much of what I said tonight, but say, "Lord, I believe every word." I believe every word. Send your Holy Ghost to make it more plain to me. Maybe I spoke it in a way that maybe you didn't understand. Say, "Lord, speak it to me in a way that will break it down. Make it digestible to me, oh God. The Holy Ghost will bring things to your remembrance. The Holy Ghost will lead you into truth. The Holy Ghost is your guide. The Holy Ghost is your teacher." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's each one of us start to pray. Father, we thank you, Lord, that we are candidates, oh God. by the not only the candidates but now the elected officials for association with the unseen world for the supernatural oh God thank you Lord for the angel of God that has come to position himself in the church oh God to lead us to guide us oh God even as you said in Exodus 23 Lord that father you will send an angel before us to keep us in the way oh into a prepared place oh God the prepared place of the shout the prepared place of idom mentioned in the Holy Ghost the prepared place of heavenly places in Christ Jesus Jesus Lord, how you are positioning us, how you are changing our mind, how you are shaping us, oh God, how you Lord taking away all doubt and reason and anxiety and showing us oh God who we are in the kingdom of God. how you're positioning us even now, oh God. But Father, Lord, showing us, oh God, the authority that lays in a son and daughter, our God, Father, the authority that you have invested in us, oh God. And Lord, you have now put your masterpiece on the earth, oh God. Father, your masterpiece on the earth, whom you will strike with the dynamics, oh God, and we will say, speak to like you. Oh, we give you glory, Lord Jesus. We give you glory, Father. Now you have a son and daughter on the earth who's in your image and in your likeness, oh God. And you are speaking and you say, "Oh, call the names in the book. Let every seed bring forth after its kind. You need to bring forth after your kind. And I've given you the book." Amen. So you need to call the seeds after your own kind. So you need to prophesy again. Show that seed word again. Hallelujah. Father, we thank you Lord for the revelation of the hour that's uppouring and unveiling. Oh God, we thank you Lord that our generation has a chance at the word even now. Oh God, we have a chance at our own revival. Father, and I pray, oh God, you'll strip us, Lord, of our church formality, oh God, you'll strip us, oh God, church religion, oh God, you will strip us of our own ideas and our own thoughts. Oh God, and position us and see us the way that you see us in your kingdom realm. Oh God, I pray, oh God, that we will arise, Father. I pray Lord that we will arise father into Lord this heavenly place oh God this well and this dimension oh God where sons and daughters rule and reign oh God and nothing shall be able to stand before us all the days of our life oh God lord we are built on revelation oh God we know who we are we know what we stand for oh God we see the two spirits walking in the framework of the Christian church oh God and are able to discern it father and Lord therefore Satan is powerless before us oh God we are that invincible army. Oh God, we are the super church. We are the super race. Oh God, lead us. Oh, we give you glory, Lord. Father, I pray right now, Lord, that you send your angels forward, oh God. Lord, Lord, to the lost, oh God, to the backslitten, Father, to the ones, oh God, Father, that are just playing church, oh God. Father, we pray, Lord, you'll send the angels, oh God, to our children, to our loved ones, oh God. And Lord, I pray, Father, you will do a work in their lives, oh God, to bring them back into the house of the Lord, Lord Jesus. I pray, Lord, you'll send your angels to the sick, oh God, the ones that are not here tonight because of sickness and diseases, oh God. We pray, Lord, that your healing virtues will flow their bodies and they'll be made well, oh God. And I pray, Lord, they will have a supernatural encounter even now, Lord. An encounter with the unseen realm, an encounter, Lord, with a supernatural realm that they will know that something is going on. Father, I pray Lord you will come like a mighty rushing wind. Oh God, sweep through this place. Oh God, be the discerner of the hearts. Oh God, I pray Lord you'll forgive us our wrongs, our faults, and our failures. Oh God, I pray Lord Jesus that you'll position us in our rightful place. Oh God, even now, Father, oh Lord Jesus, we are praying, oh God. Father, we know, Lord, in order for us to have this association, we've got to have the Holy Ghost. So Holy Ghost, we invite you to fall aresh right now. All come Lord and strike oh God. Your masterpiece oh God for the dynamics of the Holy Spirit oh God. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Father. Thank you Lord. Glory. Glory. Glory. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Don't miss your opportunity. Amen. In his presence. Oh yeah. Don't miss the opportunity.
