################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - Being Successful God's Way  Success is doing the Will of God - Brother Joshua Chetty - 4 May 2025 - Joshua Chetty.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   Being Successful God's Way : Success is doing the Will of God - Brother Joshua Chetty - 4 May 2025
Speaker: Joshua Chetty
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVTi8FLpU0I
========================================

The shout was the message of God to gather the living saint. There's no other source of life that can give us strength today. Amen. I've been caught up to believe the message. The message stored up in the evening time. The message. The message spoken to the mind. Seated in heavenly places. into the image of the [Music] sun. This is the age of perfection. Yes. Amen. I've been called to a higher mark. Amen. Yes, Lord. I've been believing [Music] everyone. And now I'm reflecting your love. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. The message. The message up in the ceiling inside. The message. The message spoken to the son of mine. Seen in heavenly places. To the image of the sun. The message, the message up in the city. The [Music] message spoken to the side of mine. You see it in heaven places up with the image of the [Music] sun. Oh, the message. The message strong up in the evening in time. The message. The message spoken to the side of mine. Receive in heavenly places to the edge of the sun. [Music] Amen. The message of the hour. Amen. Where else can we go? Things of eternal life. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. Hallelujah. The [Music] anchor though the sh is [Music] better the Thank the Lord for the sins. Though the sins are [Music] drawn, thank you. And I have fallen down on my knees as I face the raing [Music] se in spite of the stor. [Music] It's the bless. [Music] [Applause] [Music] for the ISO. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] god. He's worthy of all praise. He's worthy of all glory. Thank you, Jesus. No matter what the test anchor is [Music] moving, we are standing God usord. [Applause] Father Jesus [Music] worship together the redeemed of Jesus. Thank you, Father. [Applause] We worship you, God. Lord, we come in by the blood. The only way that we know. Thank you, Lord. You made a way for us. Hallelujah. You're worthy all praise God. Amen. You're worthy. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. And Father, you call us, Lord, into higher places, oh God. You call us, oh God, into a supernatural realm, Father. And right now, Father, though our flesh bodies might be here in this threedimensional world, but we are caught up in heavenly places. We are caught up in higher dimensions of the Holy Ghost this morning, oh God. And around us, there are angels, oh God. The presence of God is here, oh God. Hallelujah. We worship you in this place, God. Amen. Thank you, Father. What you are a great I want God's way. Yes. Amen. Yes. To be my as [Music] I [Music] for the [Applause] [Music] highway that a child of God should know the road. That's all. I know the wrong [Music] se [Music] butal glory without you. Thank you, Jesus. I want God's way to be my way as I jour might [Music] even for there is no higher than a child. Hallelujah. on the [Music] rock and he lives [Music] me. I want God to be [Music] my hands lifted up. Let's praise him now. and get my hands lied [Applause] up and my mouth full of praise with a heart of spirit. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Sing. I will bless thee. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh [Music] Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh one more time. I will bless thee. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Bless thee. I will bless thee. Oh, the heart with the heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee. [Music] Hallelujah. We bless your name. Thank you, Father. Oh, what a good thing it is to have fellowship in his presence. Amen. We can sense his sweet Holy Spirit, Lord. Amen. Amen. We are familiar with the spirit. Amen. It's not uncommon to us. It's not a strange feeling to us. Hallelujah. We worship you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Oh, can't you see? Yes, Lord. [Music] Why not be quiet? I've accepted the word of the Lord. [Music] The reveal that was [Music] born by the prophet of mania. Thank you Jesus. Let's see that again. Oh, can't you see why I accepted the word of the Lord? [Music] It's the real word that was spoken by the prophet of 4. Hallelujah. Amen. Even as we get ready to hear the word of God. Amen. And we can come with that appreciation for what God has done. Amen. Amen. He will surely speak to us. Amen. He loves to be praised. He loves to be adored. Amen. Amen. Amen. Even as we call our pastor a forward, let's sing. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of Jesus. I know the master of the Hallelujah. Yes, I know. I know the maker of the rain. He that caught the storm shine again. I know the master of one more time. Oh, let's lift our voice and sing. I know the master of the wind. said, "I know the maker of Oh, you're the maker of the rain. He can power the storm. You make the sun." Thank you, Jesus. I know how the master. Let's see. Sometimes I saw sometimes I saw like an eagle through the skies among all those peace my soul can be found. An unexpected storm. An unexpected storm may drive me from the high. May bring you low. May bring you low. but never bring me down. Oh, let's give praise now. Sit out. I know the master of the wind. Thank God. I know. I know the maker of the maker of the rain. He can't partake the sun. Oh, I know. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a heavenly father. Amen. Mama eagle watching over us. Amen. Spreading his wings out. Amen. Covering us. Oh, we give you glory, Father. We thank you, Lord. We can be found in your presence. We thank you, Lord, for the songs of Zion that have been sung, Lord Jesus. give you praise and give you glory, Lord. We've sung, Lord, from the purity of our hearts, oh God, to offer up to you a sweet smelling savor, oh God. And I pray, Lord, that you would come down and consume the sacrifice of praise. Be pleased with us, oh God, and come and speak to us through your precious word. We pray, Lord, for even those that are traveling right now, that you, Lord, bring them safely to the service, Lord. Those that are not here, Lord, that you will undertake for them, Lord Jesus. Lord, those that are sick and body, we pray, Lord, that your healing virtues will flow through their bodies and touch them and make them every withhold even as your word has declared that they are already healed in the name of Jesus. Oh God, we pray Lord that the angel of God will go forth and touch them and deliver them. I pray, we commit all things into your hands now in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. I greet everyone in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. What a wonderful Savior we have. He has never failed us. Amen. And neither will he ever fail us. Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The prophet says, Amen. If you see God answering a prayer one time, he says every time we meet God on the same conditions, Amen. According to the same word, he's obligated to answer it every other time. Amen. Because he's an unchanging God. Amen. So this morning, amen, we have a lot of believers that are not here. Brother Sam, his family, brother Caleb, his family, and Angelia, amen, are gone away for a bit of a break. Amen. They'll be returning back today. So, amen. We pray that the Lord will give them safe traveling mercies. Amen. Then, Sister Cheshi sent a message. The family is unwell. Amen. So, remember them in prayer also. Amen. Sister Victory was caught up. Amen. Since last night with chest pains. Amen. So they they're not here this morning. Amen. So we're going to pray. Amen. And that the Lord will touch them. Also, I see brother Dixon, his wife, not here. Amen. And anyone else that's not sure. Amen. We want to remember them in prayer. Amen. That the Lord will be able to undertake for them. But I can't say that we missed them in the pra worship. It was good, right? Because the Bible declares where two or more are gathered. Amen. That's where his presence is. Amen. Praise the Lord. And so we pray, Amen, that you'll be able to serve the Lord fervently and rejoice. Amen. Even Amen. We know the flu is going around. So a lot of people are not here, but there shouldn't be an excuse, amen, for not coming to church if we are well. Amen. Don't say we got the flu when we don't have the flu. Amen. So let it be let's be honest about these things. Praise the Lord. So Amen. Brother Joshua and his family are on their way. They got caught up in a major accident on the way. So he had to uh redirect himself when I called him about a few minutes ago. He was still at macro. Amen. So he's probably be about another 10 15 minutes. So it gives us another opportunity to worship him. Amen. Give him praise. So I'm going to ask you maybe I'm going to take you off guard, but if you got a testimony, you want to say something and testify and give God praise, I'll give you the opportunity. Amen. And then you can come forward. Amen. Maybe prepare your scripture. I'll give you a break and then you'll come forward. Right. uh in so I can speak. Believe me, I can take a scripture right now and I can speak. But seeing that we are given this opportunity where there's a little pause here. It's not my turn to speak today. Brother Joshua is actually going to be sharing the word of the Lord. Therefore, we're going to wait a bit. Amen. It probably be another 15 minutes. So, we do have a song item and uh what should we do? Should we do the song first or you want to come first? You want to come first? Amen. Brother Romesh is always ready to give God praise. So let's welcome to the Ramsh. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so glad that I'm found in the house of the Lord. Amen. It's been two weeks. I've been battling with the flu. Amen. And you know, I felt like back sleeping because I missed service. And uh I thank the thank the Lord for his grace and his healing power. Amen. I just held on to what he said. Amen. And I believe believed his word. Amen. Amen. I thank the Lord for his strength and grace. Amen. Sometimes you know this when you are knocked out but remember you're not knocked down and always can rise up. Amen. Hallelujah. I thank the Lord for his strength and grace upon my life. Amen. And truly I thank the Lord for the saints that remembered me in prayer. And I'm sure somebody has been praying for me. Amen. Yes. Bless you. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Thank you, brother Romesh. Amen. The Bible says in everything we ought to give God thanks. Amen. So, today is also brother William's birthday. William, happy birthday. So, he is now 9 years old. Nine years old. Amen. Growing in the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. So, we pray that the Lord will continue to be his strength and portion. Amen. Even as you enjoy your day, this is the day your mommy and daddy were rejoicing. Amen. All of us were rejoicing at your birth. Amen. And we were so happy to have you. Amen. So we pray that even as you grow, you'll grow in the grace of Jesus Christ and you love and serve the Lord Jesus Christ all the days of your life. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So we'll call our brother Shervin. Amen. Who's going to bless the Lord in song. Praise the Lord. I asked him to sing a song today. Amen. Called the message of a wounded dove. Now, while he's coming, I don't if you heard the prophet dramatized this. Amen. Third Exodus actually put it to some music as well and it's very dramatic the way the prophet, you know, if you can visualize it. There's actually a clip on YouTube where they've taken war footage and they've put it together with the song and they'll show you how these soldiers were trapped. Amen. It was a a group of soldiers and they were trapped. They were pinned down by the enemy and they they needed to get word back to the headquarters and the only thing they had was this homing bird, this dove. So they put this message on the foot of the dove. Yes. Thank you, Lord. And they released the dove. Amen. And this dove was flying. But I think it was German soldiers that saw this dove flying and they knew that it was carrying an important message. Amen. So they started to shoot at this dove and the prophet would dramatize it such that he would say, "Amen. They shot its one wing." Amen. And he's typing that with Jesus on the cross now. And he's saying they shot that thing. They wounded that dove. He says, "But the dove managed to fly all the way back to the headquarters and pass the message in the camp." Yes, he did. And then they they they got the message and they sent reinforcements. Amen. And he says Jesus Christ did the same thing for us. Amen. The message landed safely. Denominations tried to kill it, but the message of the wounded dove has come forth. Amen. And that's a song I wanted brother show to sing. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand as he comes forward. Amen. from the outer regions of the lost. God has brought us back. Gates are the gates of hell, you see. And many enter. [Music] Yes, Lord. The thunders [Music] are this time spoke clearly the mystery of the seven sea. Yes Lord church listen. Hallelujah. So here we are in the second of a twofold mystery. Yes, Jesus. Heart spoken by the son of man and the other in you and me. Yes. The message [Music] of went old. Now he's come back again in the power of the word. Speaking resurrection, speaking rapturing faith for redemption from a father's [Music] day with the power that will judge the earth. You see, we are lifted higher. higher and higher and higher until we reach that 7. [Music] And from there we'll change dimension across into another land where we'll meet friends and loved ones and they already. Yes. Come on. The message of the world. Now we come back again. The power of the word speaking resurrection. begin rapur in faith for redemption day. Hallelujah. A window now is open and a light is shining through. [Music] Celestial light of a celestial world shining into my soul. Yes, Lord. Come on. The dove and the raven. I lose two powers in the other. One feeding on the flesh of disobedient man and the D in you and me. And for this purpose he descended a full cycle of time about angels. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And now we are inity while mystery. [Laughter] [Applause] [Music] Now he's coming back again in the power of the word. Speaking [Music] resurrection, speaking rapure and faith for redemption from a stand. This is my testimony this morning. I just want to sing this one more time. from the outer regions of the lost. Yes, Lord. God has brought me back. Yes, Lord. You see a case where the gates of hell [Music] andless bless. See the thunders are to rain. Yes, Jesus. This time they spoke clearly the mystery of the seven sea. You have it, church. Yes. Amen. And here we are in the second fold of a threefold mystery. Hallelujah. deep heart spoken by the son of man while the other in you and me. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Now he's coming back again in the power of the word speaking resurrection. [Music] speaking rapuring faith for redemption powerful day. Glory hallelujah. Jesus done it for us. Hallelujah. Amazing. [Music] Grace, how sweet the sound that [Music] saved her rich like me. Oh, let's just begin to thank him as we sing it now. But I once was. Oh, but now but but now I'm found. I was blind. I was blind but now I see. Or somebody testify and sing through many dangers, toils and snares through men knee through seven church ages. Oh hallelujah. This church was persecuted, but we faithfully come. I have already come. It was grace that brought me. It was grace that brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me home. Oh, when we've been there. Let's sing it now. When we've been Oh, what a day that will be. 10,000 years. Thousand bright shining. bright shineing as the sun with no less days with no less days to sing. sing off his praise than when we first be. Amen. One more time. Amazing grace as our brother Joshua [Music] comes. Amazing grace, how sweet the son. God bless you. [Music] of the rich thy king. Hallelujah. I was lost. Oh, but [Music] God found was blood. Now I see. [Music] Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Oh amazing graceise. Your unconditional love. Your elective choosing oh God. Oh you love the unlovable. Oh God. You can take the vile sinner. Yes Lord. And transform them oh God. Oh, with your transforming power, Lord. You took away our stony hearts, given us a a new heart, oh God. Oh, one that could come, one that could be united with you, one that can have fellowship with you, one that is not contrary to your nature, oh God. Lord, oh father, thank you. Oh, we so appreciate you this morning, oh God. We so much love you, oh God. Amen. Oh, the great Holy Spirit. Yes, Lord. The angel of God in our midst. Yes, Lord. Oh, is he? Yes, Lord. We know nothing can stop your move, oh God. Lord, nothing can stop that move. Oh, many obstacles may come, but your purpose must be fulfilled, oh God. And we are here this morning, oh God. Because, Lord, you have predestinated us to be, Lord. before the foundations of the world, you knew that we would be here and you add us in your thoughts, oh God, and we pray this morning as you've already made provision for us, oh God, Lord, and continuing to do so, may you make provision for us this morning for the things that we have need of, Father. Lord, and now we pray, Holy Spirit, as we reverence you. And we know that you're here amongst us. We pray that you'll come and speak to our hearts. Come and speak to our needs. Come and speak to our different circumstances, our different situation. And come Lord, have your own way. Have free cause this morning. Oh God, if there's anything that will hinder the move, anything that is contrary to you right now, we come against it in the name of Jesus Christ. And that you will have the preeminence over every situation. We ask it now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. We thank God once again that we can be found in his house. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know the devil is an obstructionist. You know obstacles has come our way this morning. We left home left in good time thinking that we once we reached the freeway we will get in a certain time. But as we come on the freeway and as we already passed a quarter way past our home suddenly there's a major accident and the freeway comes to a standstill. And I could you could see there was no end to this and and definitely we knew that we in a problem now because the freeway is a complete stencil from where we were. And I didn't have my phone to have seen what's happening because I would have known at you know with my work phone I would have known what's going on and I left my phone at home. And then thank God but God makes a way. Then there was this construction and they had a little gap that I could take my car off of off the freeway, divert onto the other to the southbound and I said, "What? Let me try and get onto the beach route." So I go on to Durban and try to get to the beach route. Then there's a major race. The entire beach road is closed. And I said, "Okay, the only way now is for me to divert to get road and uh try and go to the old north coast road." And as we get to road is all the traffic is on road. I said, "Okay, let me try and get to Morningside." And from Morningside, we said the best way from Morningside for me was to get through metro and get back onto the freeway. That eventually I did that and as I come back on the freeway now all the traffic is on the M4. But anyway, thank God I am here and he made a way for us. Amen. And uh God has the reason for everything. Amen. So anyway, if you got your Bibles this morning, I see many believers, some believers are gone away. Pray that God will be with them. And those that are here, we pray that you'll be blessed this morning. Amen. We'll turn our Bibles to the book of Joshua, chapter 1, reading from verse 8. You know Joshua 18 is God's success formula. Amen. Amen. So in verse 8 he says the book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth but thou shalt meditate therein day and night. Amen. and thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. For then, so firstly, there's a commandment. Yes. To to meditate upon the word, to observe, to do everything according to the word. Amen. In other words, then you want to be all of the word. Yes. Right. And then it says, "For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous." Yes. "And then thou shall have good success." Amen. You may be seated. Amen. So, we just want to speak for a thought this morning. Being successful God's way. Amen. And for the subtitle, we call it success is doing the will of God. Amen. So we know that when God was preparing Joshua to lead Israel into the promised land, he did not give him a strategy based on worldly wisdom. Amen. He gave him a spiritual strategy and that was to meditate on the word. Amen. to speak it, to live it, and obey it. God said that would lead him to success and prosperity. But not the kind of success the world defines. Amen. So God's success is fulfilling his will. Amen. The prophet said that God told Joshua turn don't turn to the right or to the left from it. And he said then thou shalt make thy way prosperous. Then you shall have good success. And he said when the church all unite itself together away from its creeds and if we could put it now in modern terms away from our own ideas. Yes. Away from our own opinions of the word and upon the word of God, the revealed word that is given to us. Then the church will have good success. Amen. Amen. He says that in a message, a trumpet gives an uncertain sound. So we know that the prophet of Torah that success is doing the will of God. Yes. Regardless of what it looks like. Amen. In the eyes of man. Amen. So to be successful in God's eyes is to find your calling and fulfill the fulfill the word that's written for you. Yes. Amen. You can't you can't take a if you want to be successful, you can't take a word that's for another person. Yes. Amen. There was a dispensation of the prophet. He had his part. He had his word. There was a dispensation of Jesus Christ. He could come and take the word that pertains to him and he could walk in perfect faith because he saw himself in the word and he could walk in the word of his day. Same with the prophets. So for us to walk in this perfect faith, we've got to take the word that pertains to us. So that's the only kind of success that God recognizes. Now God is a standard and the world as a standard. Yes. Now a dictionary meaning of success is success is the achievement of a desired goal such as for obtaining name and fame or wealth or higher degree for which a person has tried his level best. It is the positive consequences of one achievement. Now it is good to have something positive to achieve. It's good to have things that you have a vision for in this life. Hallelujah. But ultimately you got to recognize that you are put here for the purpose of God. Amen. There is your purpose made out of your own free will. But there's also God's eternal purpose. Amen. Which was already predestinated for your life. That's why he chose you for a time and season to come into this age that you are living in. Because in this age there's a group of people has to make the rapture. Amen. There's a group of people has to have rapturing faith. Amen. There's a group of people whose work has to change. And there was a time when Mary said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Now under that, when she said, "Be unto me according to thy word." In other words, she agreed with the word. She had no doubts, but she accepted the word as it was given to her. Amen. But when she did that, what happened? conception took place within her. Amen. And now something happened on the inside that nobody could see on the outside. But as the months went along, it began to show on the outside. That something took place on the inside. Glory. Hallelujah. And our walk couldn't be the same because she's not walking as a normal person. Now she's walking as a pregnant person. So her walk is different cuz she's impregnated with the word. Amen. So her walk began to change. But after the the the the she the word is birthed out of her. Amen. And the word comes forth out of her. You're no longer looking at Mary now. Amen. You are now looking at all you're seeing is Jesus. Yes. So there was a time where your walk you have to receive the word. There's a time where your walk start to change. And there comes a time where now it's no longer you that the world sees. The world must see the manifested Jesus. Amen. Amen. The word that was received that you you received the spoken word. Amen. You conceived the word. But then the word came forth out of you. And what happened now? You are now you are hid behind the word. All you are seeing is Jesus Christ. Amen. So the world the world measures success by achievements, right? Achievements of this temporary achievements. They measure success by wealth that you accumulate. They measure it by how popular you are. You know, we're living in a time of social media. People try to get popular by posting things on social media. And the more likes they get, the more views they get, they become popular. Amen. And then they have an influence because they have a following. Yes. Because I mean, if you look at it, back in the days when there was no social media, when a person was popular, they had fans, right? and pian were following them. But now every other every person now has social media and now they become popular by keep posting stuff that attracts people and when people are attracted to it people be people start following them. Yes. And as they following them they become popular and then as they following the things that they do becomes an influence to those people. Yes. Right. But these are temporal things and often deceptive in Islam. Amen. Amen. Agree. For example, if a person is very popular and they present you maybe a certain outfit. Now, because they are so popular and they have such a great influence, you're going to follow their trends. Or if they don't like a certain outfit, you won't like it. You see, we got to watch by who we influenced by. Amen. But God measures success by obedience. Faithfulness and alignment with his word. Amen. He's given us his word. He wants us to be obedient to his word. He wants us to be faithful to his word. And he wants us to align to his words. Amen. Amen. And there's no other age that you could come into perfect alignment as this age because now is the age of oneness. Father, may they be one as even as we are one. When the headstone comes down to the body, Amen. They must come into perfect alignment. Thank you, Lord. Because everybody that's not in the alignment misses the rapture. Only those that come into this perfect alignment with the headstone. Amen. they are going through. Amen. Amen. Now we know the prophet speaks about the rich rang ruler and he said notice this now we find that find out that he was a great success. Then we find him later till he was a greater success until he said I have got so much he said boy it made a real genuine guy of this day wouldn't he? He said even my barns are swelled out. They bursting. So he was measuring his success by what all by the things that he achieved. When the time remember this this young man had the opportunity to receive eternal life. Yes. Cuz he was talking to the person of eternal life. He had the opportunity right there. Yes. But it was too hard for him at the time. It's just like we're living in a time now people make choices in life. God made us free moral agents. We sometime uh we we go down a life's path and we say you know what we got to make a career choice and sometime we find these things takes us away from the things of God. But because they we we we see the blessings or we call it blessings. You know there's many things you can call blessings. Yes. But doesn't mean it's the blessing of God. Amen. You might find yourself, I chose this career. I made this choice and look, I'm being blessed. I've got accumulated wealth. I got a new good car. I've got a good home and I've accumulated a good bank balance. But what if that career was taking away from the things of God? Yes. Can we say that God blessed you? What if that career never give you time to spend in the house of God made you join kind of business friends or or friends in the in the career world with great accolades and so forth who are ungodly and they became your influence. They became your idols people that you look up to. You think God will you be pleased with that? So this rich young ruler, he turned away eternal life and he walked away. But when he began to see his wealth accumulate, he thought that God is with him. He said, "I haven't missed out on anything because I'm still being blessed. I'm still being prosperous." You see how dangerous it is that you can miss the mark if you measure your success to the world's measuring stick. Amen. We got to measure it to the yard stick of the word. Amen. Amen. So he find that he said even my buns are swelled out. So he's boasting now. He said they bursting and I've got so much. And I said, "Oh soul, take your rests." In other words, I don't need to do anymore. I've accumulated so much. I don't even I don't need God. I've achieved this because of my hard work, my own accolades, my determination. I've achieved all this. Now he said, "Oh soul, take your rest." Are we in this world to rest? The prophet said, "We on a battleground." Amen. Amen. This is not our resting place here. There will come a day we will go, we'll cross beyond the curtain of time. Or if the Lord carries, we'll go in the rapture and then come back in the millennium reign. And then he'll create a better place for us here. We will have our time of fellowship and rest. But this is the battleground. Our success is measured by completing the cause. Amen. Amen. Lord, you find that he said this. He said, "Oh soul, take a risk." But what he done at the beginning, he rejected the leadership of Jesus Christ. His church, his intelligence, his education, and all had led him to a success. You see he was in religion. Yes. He had good education and obviously his hard work and determination it led him to a good success. All the Jews loved him. You see he he was popular and he could he be an influence onto other people. So he gave to them. He helped them. He might have done this that or the other. But you see he rejected the leadership of Jesus Christ the eternal life. And the Bible said, "Thou fool, tonight your soul is acquired." And we know what happened. We And now we find him the next place in hell. Lifting up his eyes and seeing that beggar that he turned out the street in the bosom of Abraham. What a fatal mistake. How that the churches had been all right in the way that they went, but he still hadn't had eternal life. You see how dangerous it is when you're measuring success? Yes. He said, "Now you see in a message forsaking all, he says, now you see that young man was asked to forsake all, but he refused to do it." And sometime if we apply prosperity and riches and so forth, success. But this young man was a successful young man and still didn't have eternal life. So sometimes success doesn't always mean that God is blessing. Yes. Matthew 6:33 says, "But seek ye first, not second, not last." Yes. Not because everything else is fails. No. Seek ye first. Amen. The kingdom of God. Amen. Make sure you got the Holy Ghost. Amen. And is righteousness. Sorry. And all these things, the things that you need by to get by in this mortal life, because you have to get by in this mortal life. You need a job. You need a good home. You need a shelter over your head. You need clothes to wear. You have you need food to eat. These are things that you need in this mortal life shall be added unto you. Yes. Then Jesus said, "Take no thought of what clothes you're going to wear, what food you're going to eat. Your father never knows the things that you have need of." Amen. But Jesus was trying to say, "You come up higher." Think on higher thoughts. Don't think on temporal thoughts. Amen. So we make choices and the choices you make are sometimes selfish choices. Unfortunately, Not all the time but there are sometimes we do make choices that are selfish because sometimes we want to do things that satisfy ourself that pleases ourselves as if we are living for ourselves only. You see that is a person that hasn't have the doesn't have the Holy Ghost. That's a person now that doesn't see themsel in the body. Yes. that doesn't see themsself as a person who has purpose, a person that put on the earth for a purpose, for God's purpose and by divine choosing. Amen. Yes. We are not living in this world for ourselves. Amen. Not us in the message. Not us that are elected. The elected ones are not called out to live for ourselves. Eternal life is living for others. Amen. Amen. That's what the prophet taught us. Yes. Amen. But we are living for God. For God's purpose to be achieved in and through our lives. Amen. We are pleased here because we got a work to do. Amen. And our work is to manifest Jesus Christ again to prove to the world that Jesus Christ has been risen from the dead and he's alive and he lives forever more. Yes. Amen. And eternal life is only through Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. So we are living unaware of things that are to be. Yes. Amen. The message of the hour, the opening of the word comes to reveal to us all the things that are happening on the earth right now. Amen. That's why the Bible says all the world will be deceived and go into the systems. this antichrist system, but not those that are elected. Not those where the word is revealed to. That's why you know who the antichrist is. You know who the great ho is. You know who the hells are. You know who the daughters are. You know right now where's America's place in the Bible. Yes. You know where's Russia's place in the Bible. Amen. You know where's Vatican's place in the Bible. Nothing is unfair toward you. Amen. You hear of what economies that want to crash. You know what is happening. You know what's happening with the money system. Amen. All these things have been revealed to you. Amen. Amen. You know who controls the wealth of the world. Amen. And you know why the world has to go into one world religion. Yes. Amen. Because that is what Satan's plan was all along. Amen. But you are not unaware of it. Yes. Yes. You're also made aware of the destruction of Sodom. Yes. Modern day Sodom. So we find that we make these choices. But we must live our lives not for ourselves but for God. Amen. The only way to really be successful, it has to be we must be in the will of God and not for ourselves. Amen. Yes. When you seek first the kingdom, all you have need of will be added. Amen. But you've got to have faith. When you seeking the king said, "No, I'll seek the kingdom, but I need to do certain things because I need to achieve the certain things." And then you want to try and achieve those things by your own abilities. Everything you do as a believer must be in the will of if the Lord will it. Amen. It must be in the Lord will it. Amen. We must seek the face of God in every choice we make. Every decision that we make in this life, we must seek the face of God. Then you will have good success. And it must be in line with the word. Amen. It must it might seem good. It might seem religious sometimes. It must it might seem pious sometimes, but it might not be the will of God. Yes. Sometimes you might want to be a person that showing sympathy. But you must have discernment when you're showing sympathy. Amen. When Jesus walked to the pool of Bethesda, there were many sick people there. Yes. That pool, that area was like a clinic. There were people just laying there all over sick people. But Jesus went to one person. Amen. Amen. Cuz he said I the son can do nothing le except the father shows him and every son of god and daughter of god must come that way. Amen. Amen. Cuz we are all success lays in the father's business. Amen. So when you seek first the kingdom of god all you have need of will be added. But that is trusting God and believing he will keep that word. Amen. So you know the problem it doesn't matter what type of person you are. If you trust in God and you are staying in his word whatever you are be the best for what he put you. Amen. Amen. Yes. So the prophet say that whatever god put made you be be the best that he made you. Yes. Amen. Don't try and have measure your success of somebody else where God placed them. Amen. I can't measure my success and say another brother his ministry is so and so I want to be like that brother. Yes, that I can't have success by following another brother's ministry. Yes, I got to have success in what God has placed me. Amen. Where I'm positionally placed and I only can be blessed if I'm in a place that God has placed me. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. God don't look like the world sees it. Yes. God don't look at church and pal, how big the church is, how much pomp it has, how many members he got. No, God don't measure like success like that. Amen. It's true. So we will look at certain things, the foundation of success and knowing God's will. Amen. Ephesians 1:9 says, "Having made known unto us the mystery of his world, Amen. According to his good pleasure. Yes. Which he had purpose in himself. Amen. So it was God's good pleasure to make known to us the mystery of his will. Yes. Amen. That in the dispensation of the fullness of time he might gather together in one all things in Christ. Amen. Christ is the word, right? Out of the word you can't be gathered. Amen. So you must be gathered in Christ. In the word. both which are in heaven, which are on earth, even in him. Amen. So we find that we must God has made known the mystery of his will. Romans 12:2 says, "Be not conformed to this world." Yes. In other words, to this world system. Yes. this world that was where Eve was influenced by and sin came into the world and then Satan could offer Jesus his kingdom. He said if you bow unto me I will give you all his kingdoms. So we can't be conformed to this world. The pattern of this world, the politics of this world, right? Amen. Every politics is corrupt. Yes. Every kingdom is corrupt in this world. Yes. Cuz all this life is Satan is a god of this evil age. That's right. But be transformed. Hallelujah. How are you transforming? By the renewing of your mind. Yes, sir. That may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Thank you, Lord. So, finding God's will is foundational. Yes. Amen. Amen. Otherwise, you'll be walking without you thinking you're doing God a service but out of his will. Right? Didn't the Catholics do that? Didn't the Catholics think, don't they? Even now, don't the Catholics think that they're doing God's will? They think by being religious, by doing all the good works they doing and being a religious shirt, they think they're doing God's will. Don't the denomination think the same thing? trying to do God a service without his will. Wasn't the the Jews jealous? They thought they doing God's will. So finding God's will is foundational. Amen. It requires what? Us to be consecrated unto him and a desire to be led by his spirit. Yes. Thank you, Lord. The message of the hour that comes. Amen. It comes to reveal to us God's will in this age. Amen. God's purpose in this age. God's will in this age was to have a people called out. Amen. Yes. Amen. To have a bride for the bridegroom. Yes. To have a bride for Christ. And then he comes down the the mighty God unveiled before us. Amen. There must be a union, visible union between the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. That was God's will. Amen. That they will come into a union. They will come into a marriage. And God's will in this day was that you will come out of amnesia and recognize your true identification. Amen. It was God's will for that. Amen. Amen. It was God's will that you'll be united with Christ in his day. It was God's will that you must now conceive and reproduce Jesus Christ again. Yes. It was God's will that in this age the title needed will come back to the earth. So we find that the greatest thing, the greatest way to find what God wants to do is stay with the word. Amen. Stay with the message that's revealed to us. Amen. So stay with it, appreciate it, don't let it become common to you. Meditate upon it day in and day out. Amen. Yes. This message is of vital importance. You don't realize how important this is. Amen. These are words of eternal life. Amen. In this message laid rapturing faith. Amen. This very word that you're eating, something is happening on the inside that is going to change your mortal body from mortal to immortality. Not we know the end result is the end result part of adoption is the body is going to change. We with the redemption of our bodies. Yes. But the process that going through God is taking you back to the original condition. Amen. God, you are remember we must fulfill the ultimate part of being successful is to finish the cause that God has placed you here for. Yes. And God has placed us in this age cuz they will not ask it or be made perfect because it's in this age when title deed comes down and God now has rightful claims over his bride. Amen. When now he can claim and say now I can produce seed in her. If he's in this age, it couldn't happen in any other age. Amen. But in this age, he could come into union with her. Amen. Amen. That's why in the end of the age, he says, "Those that will come to me and say, Lord, have I not prophesied in your name? Have I not cast out demons in your name?" He said, "Depart from me workers of iniquity. I know you not." There was no union. Amen. Amen. Amen. So we find that it is in this age that God's purpose must be fulfilled that they will be this people on the earth. Amen. There will be be a people that will carry forth his name. Amen. There will be be people that will manifest his life. Yes. There will be people that will manifest his very nature, his very attributes. Amen. Amen. His very character. Yes. Because all you must see, remember as I said the final part of adoption is be with the redemption of our bodies, the the final change of the body. But he's in this age is taking us back showing us where man originally fell from. Yes. What was man's condition before the fall? Yes. And he's showing us this condition was achieved. This was shown there by 2,000 years ago. It was shown by Jesus Christ. But in this day, there was another man named William Marin Brandom who could come to that and show another son of God in his day who could walk into dominion. Amen. Who could walk where there was a killer bull. Yes. And he could speak to the bull. Amen. Who could walk who could speak to the owners to go to its place. Who could bring that little fish back to life. Yes. Who could speak to the storm. Yes, sir. Amen. in this day. So there must be another people on the earth because Jesus said, "Greater works than these shall he do." Amen. Because I go to the father. Yes. There must be a people in this day who fulfill their scripture. John 14:12. Amen. Amen. 1 Samuel 15:22 says, "And Samuel said, "At the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the Lord, behold to obey is better than sacrifice." Yes. Amen. and to hearken then the fat of rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Amen. You want to have success? Obey his word. Yes. His word gives us precepts how to live by. His word shows us the condition we ought to be in. His word gives us warning of what not to follow. He give us the examples. Don't follow this part. This will be the end result. Don't take this way. This is where it will lead you. Follow this way and this will be the right way. There's an answer for everything. Amen. The prophet said is there's a Bible question, there's a Bible answer for it. Yes. In everything that you go through in this message, we have an answer for everything. Amen. Amen. Whether it's a marriage problem, a relationship problem, whether it's sickness, whether what financial problem, whatever problem, whether it's a spiritual problem, whether it's a demon problem, whatever problem you have, the answer is in the word. Amen. And God gives you the solution. Amen. If you go to your doctor and your doctor prescribed medicine and you don't follow the prescription, you can't go blame your doctor and say the doctor is a bad doctor if you don't follow the prescription. So the word give you the prescriptions of what you need to do in a particular problem. Amen. He has the solutions cuz God wants you to have great success. That's why he said meditate upon it day and night. You should have good success. Amen. Don't depart from the sin. Amen. But if you don't follow it then you now when you don't follow it now you're trying to do good works. Your good works can't save you. Amen. God Jesus said if you love me you will keep my words and my words will not be grievious unto you Samuel is saying be to obey is better than sacrifice to hearken than the fat of rams. He says for rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. So when the word is coming and the word is bringing correction you can't rebel from it. Yes. You've got to recognize that every time the word is being spoken, God is speaking through you. Say, "Thank you, Lord." Yes, Lord. You are dealing with me. You know that is the love of God. You've got to understand God's love is corrective. God loved you so much that he can rebuke you through his word. And you must be so great. You know, if you a true son and daughter of God that has a teachable spirit, you say, "Lord, I thank you that you are correcting me. If you're walking in this hour, you've got to walk in humility. Amen. Amen. You're going to walk with a meek spirit. You're going to walk humble. Amen. Before the Lord and say, "Lord, I thank you that your word is correcting because the word is there to edify you. The word is there to build you up. The word is there to make sure you complete your cause." Amen. Amen. So he said, "We may have good zeal, good intentions. Oh, we want to do the work of the Lord. We want to do things for the Lord. But the main ultimate thing is God is saying but obedience to God's revealed word is better than religious works. Amen. You know God had many examples in the Bible. We see Joshua's success was rooted in his faithfulness to the commission given through Moses. Yeah. Joshua 11:15 says, "And the Lord commanded Moses his servant." Sorry. As the Lord commanded Moses his servant. Joshua 11:15. As the Lord commanded Moses his servant, so did Moses command Joshua. And so did Joshua and left nothing undone of all that the Lord commanded Moses. You see, this is a rich heritage. Yes. It is passed on from generation to generation. Amen. That's why God said Abraham will teach his children. Amen. Amen. That's why Brandham could teach could store up this food because he knew generations will come and they will take from that word. They will obey that word and they will continue that part. Amen. Amen. But if you want to repel and go on your own and say no I don't want to take from that word I will have my own opinions upon his word. You see then you are having to receive commandments. You see commandment is passed on from the prophets then the ministers that came forth first generation of ministers that took this message that swept this message across. Amen. That labored that brought people through and they commanded this word and then there was another generation that received that word that obeyed that word. Amen. And now they can take that out and pass it on to another generation. There must be a continuation of the word. Amen. Because the cause is not completed as yet. Amen. The cause is completed when the rapture goes. Amen. Amen. So we find that when Christ came on the earth, imagine Christ, he did all his great meetings, healing crusades and so forth, casting out demons, discerning the hearts of the people. And he could have left the final part. Amen. But he had to complete the cause. Yes. Amen. He had to go all the way to Calvary. Then he had to be risen from the dead and ascended. Not only was he ascended, he he took others with him. He took the captives that were out there in the grave. He took them took them up into the seven dimension. Amen. Yes. So Jesus was the perfect example of success cuz he fulfilled the father's will in every way possible. Amen. Amen. He left nothing, no stone unturned. Jesus kept all the word. Amen. Amen. And he is our example. Amen. Yes. That if we must produce Christ again, we keep all the word. Amen. That's why when Mary could come to him, the word will correct the error. Yes. Amen. That's why when you go to John the Baptism, John the Baptist, the word was going to the prophet because why? He was obedient to the word. He knew that the word must go to the prophets. Yes. He didn't go present himself to anybody else. Jesus didn't try to be popular in his day, present himself to the high priest and so forth and say, "Look, I know so much. I know this." When he was young, when he was 12, he was there among the scholars discussing the word. Yes. But he didn't go when ministry now and produce a great meeting in front of them. Yes. Yes. He went to the publicans. He went to sinners. Thank you, Lord. You see, you want to have good success? What is the father's business? Is the father's business come to preach those to those that are saved only or you should have a concern. When you are convinced, you must be concerned. Amen. The prophet says, when you are convinced, you are convinced that the rapture is going to go. You are convinced that the world is going in circulation. You are convinced what is going to happen to this world. You are convinced that the message is genuine. Amen. Aren't you concerned? Hallelujah. Those that are full of the Holy Ghost are crying and signing for the abominations of the lost. If you're convinced that this is the truth, then aren't you concerned about your families that are lost? Aren't you concerned about people that you associate with that are lost to tell them the truth? Thank you, Lord. Because being good with them is not the what's going to save them, but speaking the truth. Amen. Because the truth shall set you free. Amen. So Jesus was successful because he stayed in the father's will. Amen. In Paul in 2 Timothy 4:7 and 8, he said, "I have fought a good fight. I have finished my cause." Amen. I have kept the faith. Yes. Paul now come at the end of his journey. Yes. He knew his calling and he made his calling. election shore. He knew what he was predestinated for. Amen. He knew the end result of his journey and he could measure his journey and he could measure his success by the fact that he was obedient to his vision. Amen. For what he for the purpose that he was called for and he could when he could see that purpose was now fulfilled. Now he says, "I have fought a good fight." So you're fighting a fight. But it's a good fight. Amen. Amen. Because it's a good fight because this fight is to what? To show that they are citizens of a faith civilization. That they are citizens of another kingdom. Amen. Of an eternal kingdom. Amen. You are showing the you are showing Satan and his demons that we are children of the most high God. We know who we are. We know what this battle is about. We know Satan what the end of the battle is. That you'll be cast into the lake of fire. So it is a good fight. Amen. Because you know what the end result is. Amen. You know that God is going to establish his kingdom on the earth. Amen. Amen. It is going to be an eternal kingdom. Amen. And there is going to come as son of David again. Yeah. So Paul says, "I have fought in good fights. I have finished my cause." Talking about his own doing a self inspection of himself. He said, "I have finished my cause." Each one of us have a cause. God have placed us here on a cause. Are we walking in line with the cause that God has placed us for? He says, "I have kept the faith." Yes. He didn't have doubt. He's not reasoning. This is the time to come up higher. This is the time to enter the Holy of Holies where there's no doubt, where there's no reasoning. Amen. There's no there's no your own opinions or my opinion and your opinion or his opinion or her opinion. It is God's word and God's word alone. Amen. And God's word must prevail. Amen. Yes, Lord. So Paul's success wasn't measured by the churches he built but by fulfilling his portion in the m mystery of Christ. Amen. What is your portion in the mystery of Christ that Christ must be reproduced again? Christ must be now in human walking again in human flesh. Christ must be manifested in human flesh. In what? in redeemed bodies again. Amen. What is greater? God coming to Jesus Christ. That's why saying the greater works they shall do. What is greater? God coming in a through a virgin birth or God coming and transforming you coming to sin a redeemed body and now coming and manifesting himself through you. Amen. That is greater in Christ eyes. Amen. Yes. The bride's success. What is our success in this time? Amen. Finishing the mystery. Yes. Our portion of the word. Amen. Brother Brennan did his diligently. Yes. Amen. Amen. He did it. He didn't do the work of God haphazardly. He was serious about the work of God. Amen. He was consecrated to the service of God. Yes. You were. And he had his ups and downs. Yes. And he had his own lessons learned. He was a person. He was a human being like everybody else. He had emotions. He had his own neurotic problems. He had a nervous condition being a prophet. And he was abused by the church world. But he still finished his cause. Amen. Amen. He was still diligent to the things of God. Hallelujah. Now every son and daughter of God that comes must not realize must realize that this work of God is not done. God doesn't run his kingdom passively. God have order in his kingdom. Amen. Amen. Amen. God has a way of doing things. Amen. And if we want to do anything, it must be in line with his words. Yes. That is why this is the hour we are coming into perfect alignment. Say to God. Amen. Revelation 10:11 says, "And he said unto me, thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nation and tongues and kings." Amen. The book is revealed to you. You've got the book given to you. The names are in the book. Amen. Now, if the book is given to you and you got the names in the book, that work is done for somebody else. You can't say to people, "Oh, just take a just take a tape and play." Wonderful. God put you now to go speak that word. To bring that word out fresh to the people. Amen. God do you your life. You might be a sister and say, you know, I'm not a preacher, but your life, the life that you live, the world can't live. Amen. Because you can truly believe his words. Not taking as a rule of law or being I'm not talking about a person being legalistic because you can get the Muslims doing that. You can get the other religion doing that. But I'm talking about a person that say this is the word of God. This is the word for my day. This is the way I live. Amen. Amen. Just by the life that you live according to the word that can make a difference. Amen. Colossians 1:27 says, "Through whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So we are in age where that is we are called to fulfill all that is written. Yes. The apostle that was written now is in us. We are the word made flesh. Amen. We're not in the written word. There was a time for the spoken word. There was the written word. But now the time for the word made flesh. Amen. She is him. Amen. She is the final voice. You know what she is? She is the success of Christ's plan. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. The greatest success for Christ is when his bride reproduced himself. Amen. when he has when he himself is being introduced to the body whom he has chosen. Amen. Cuz Christ had to choose a body where he's going to bring seed from where he's going to put his seed in. Amen. Christ had a choice and that's how he chose his bride where he chose the bride where that which bride did he choose the ones where the gene of God was in because he chose of his own that that's where I'm going to place my seed and these ones are going to reproduce my life life my life of my life word of my word amen spirit of my spirit so there must be a manifesting of the word in this hour. Amen. Romans 8:19 says, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God." Amen. Now, you can't say there's another age that they're waiting for. It had to be in this age where sons of God now have received the word and sorry Christ being manifested now on the earth again. Sons of God being reproduced. Amen. Christ again in human flesh doing what? Doing the works that he did the greater works. Amen. So we find the age has produced a people who are the word in flesh again walking on two feet. Amen. Amen. The words that we speak Christ is speaking. Through our eyes Christ is looking through our hands. Christ is working. Through our feet God is spreading forth the gospel. Through our mouth is speaking his word. Amen. Through our hands. He's healing the sick. That's God idea of success was to reproduce Christ again. Amen. Becoming the word made flesh. So what are the things that I'm saying here this morning? We must stay in the word. We must meditate on it. We must live by it according to what Joshua 18 says. We must be led by the spirit of God. Amen. And then we must obey the word with faith, not with reasoning, not with doubts. Amen. Don't be like the fundamentalists. They knew what they knew the word, but they go and question the word. They're very word that they know they will go and question it. Amen. We must obey with faith. And we must fulfill our calling. Amen. Amen. Matthew 25:21 says, "His Lord said unto him, well done, thou good and faithful servants." Amen. Thou has been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. God has given us these entrusted us with a sacred trust. He's placed his word upon us. He's placed talents upon us. He's positionally placed us into the body for a purpose. What are we doing with the things that he's placed upon our lives? You want to measure your success, measure the things by what are you doing with what God has placed upon you. Amen. Because seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. Amen. And also when you are if you want to sure that you are in God's way of success, you got to have eternity in view. You got to have you have to come up high and see the way God sees it. You can't just see life as the way you as every other human being sees it. I got to wake up in the morning. I got to go to work. I got to earn a living. I got to make so much money. I got to do this. I got to do that. And you just get a busy become a busy body. You're busy busy busy without taking time for God. We busy with socializing. We busy with family. We busy with friends. We busy with everything. But we wouldn't take the time to have fellowship with God. So, Philippians 3:14 says, "I press towards the mark for the price of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." Amen. We are pressing towards the mark for the price of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Amen. We know we are rapture bound. We know we are people that are living this dimension. But at the same time, while we are while we know that we are living, you got to be convinced. You can't say that you are sincere Christian full with the Holy Ghost and you want to leave but you're leaving. You know the names in the book that are here. You know there are people that are in captivity. You know there are people that are bound by the devil. That is why you find that in every assembly. Amen. You you have people growing in different maturities. So if your brother is weak, lift up your brother. Amen. Don't leave your brother. Bring your brother to your level. Don't turn your don't turn a blind eye. If you see a brother doing something wrong and don't go there and rebuke him in a bad way. No, out of love because you have a concern for the brother. Try and help that brother. Try and help them in their weakness. Show you know if you are mature now in the word help them where they are weak that they will come up higher. Amen. You can't you can't be say you know what uh I'm going now. I got the I got the message of the hour. I'm going to go in the rapture and you know there's people that are lost here until all the time till we go till we leave you will always have a concern. Concerns for souls concern for those that are bound with the demon powers concern for those that are in captivity. Amen. So you'll have that is now being kingdom minded and yet not just concerned that we have a little assembly God is blessing us. God is no. You want to see the whole body. You want to see the body come into alignment. Amen. You want the body to be in his position. You want every part of the body to be together. Amen. So we got to ask ourselves this morning, am I successful in the eyes of men or in the eyes of God? Or do I want to be the type of Christian want to be a man pleaser or do I want to please my heavenly father? Have I surrendered my life to his purpose? Now it's very easy to be distracted. It's easy. You know we all go through that life sometimes journey sometimes and we can be easily distracted by things of this life the cares of this life and we want to try and achieve things to help us get by in his life but have we surrendered completely to his purpose am I doing what the word of this age requires me to do amen so God doesn't judge success by crowds or buildings He judges it by obedience to his word. Amen. So, you know, in God's kingdom, he doesn't reward ambition. You know, Satan was ambitious. Yes. But God will reward obedience. Jesus was obedient unto death. Amen. Jesus showed the opposite. The contrast to Satan. Amen. And he will show it with fa and he'll also reward faithfulness and identification with yourself in the word. Amen. So he's not how much you have but how much of Christ lives in you. How much have you let out of yourself? The more of Christ in you, the more humble you become. Not the more puffed up you become. Humble yourself, you walk in humility. And when you have more of the word, you will know how to handle a matter better. Amen. So just some some of the things the prophet says he said just what I've seen in my own ministry seen him done you couldn't pile the volumes on this platform here if I wrote it in details what I've seen him do just in my own ministry seen him do it he had more success in my ministry than he did in his own that is right that is recording now remember he had more success Now, not me. He had if you watch the wording here. Glory. Hallelujah. He had more success in Jeffersonville than he did in Nazareth. He did in that wicked city and the w this wicked city. Amen. Glory. Cuz he could perform no miracles there. But he did. Yeah. He finally broke through. Yeah. He got it done. Yeah. He might have had to get people somewhere else, but he got it done. Anyhow, so he had more success right here than he did in Capernium or Nazareth in the in that. He done more miracles right here in this tabernacle than he did in the entire ministry on earth. That's right. He did it. Now what about the rest of the world? Now what's he done? Now remember he's done. Now he never said I done it. See no cause I didn't do it. I just didn't. I just loved him and just submitted myself to him. He's giving the secrets now and said what he said and the Holy Spirit went to the other people and they believe what he said and then he done the work. That's all. If I can get all of us believing it, what would he do right now? If he could get all of us believing it right now, there wouldn't be there wouldn't be a feeble person around the town. That's right. If he could get everybody to believe it, it'll all be over. Hold your token over your unmovable faith in his promised word and Satan will go. Amen. He said, "But I'll say tonight in the message, go away Jesus." He said, "But I'll say tonight that I seen him. He's had more success in my life, in my little efforts than I put forth." Now remember he has had more success than the efforts that I have put forth for him by his gospel than he did in my in his own country where he came from. I would write Bibles to know what he has done in these last days because he promised that these things that I do shall you do and more than these you shall do. He says greater which is the right word there is no one could do greater. He's done everything that could be done. See, raise the dead, stop nature and everything else. But more than this shall you do. For the spirit that dwelleth in one person, the son of God, now sons of God are over the world. Amen. I would say this is in present tense. Now sons of God are being manifested all over the world. He said, "Now more than this shall you do because I go to the father." Yes. See back the Holy Ghost upon the church. So this is our where sons of God are manifested on the earth. And this is our of him doing the greater works. And the final part to show that we had a successful ministry is when we have completed the cause and we have this body change and we leave the earth. Amen. I pray God bless you this morning. Could I have the musicians? Amen. The message came in this last stage to prepare a bride to walk with him and talk with him and it is worth. It's written in the spoken word and it's laying there to bring us into rapturing grace and take us out of you. Sing it now. Overcoming power is what we have today. Overcoming power keep the devil away. Oh power till we become the word. That's when we leave this love and go and meet the Lord and sing now. Our Moses has already come. He has been away. He brought us to the Jordan and he was taken away. But Joshua is preparing now to sound out his command to gather all the saints of God to enter the promised land. Let's sing it now. Overcoming power is what we have today. Overcoming power to keep the devil away. Overcoming power to become the word. That's when we leave this in further. I know I need the Lord. Well, that's when we leave this for I know I need the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God is measuring our success. Amen. Hallelujah. God is measuring our success by what we have done with the word. Amen. Amen. Are we allowing the word to have its full effect in our lives? Amen. How does God measure faithfulness by what we have done with promise? And when we have done with promise is multiply it, then he says, "Well done, my good and faithful servant. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord." So God is looking for multiplication of his word. Amen. Amen. God is not looking for Amen. just a one-on-one return. He's looking for multiplication. You must bring forth much fruit. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Even as the word of God has come forth, examine our hearts and see. Amen. Are we really allowing the word of God to have full effect in our lives? Amen. And and if we have reached a certain level, say, "Lord, give me more." Amen. I want more, Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's see more of you. More of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. Of things I've had might fail, yet I hunger still. Amen. Don't only strive for the natural. Don't strive for cars and houses and money and land. Strive for the eternal things that matter. Amen. Strive that you may enter into Jesus. Amen. More of [Music] you. More of you. I've had it all. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Since I've had my f All things I've had my yet I hunger still but yet I hunger still empty and fair. Lord hear my prayer for more of you. One more time. Let's sing it out. More for you. More of you. Yes. Your heart's cry, Lord. More of you. I've had it all. I've had it all. But what I need is more. for all of you. Things I've had, my feel. All things I've had, my fear. But yet I hunger still, so empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer. for more of you. Amen. Can we just worship the Lord and give him praise? Amen. Say, "Lord, I need more of you in my life, oh God." Father, Lord, I pray you'll take what you've given me, Lord, and multiply it in my life, oh God. The word that you've given me, oh God, help me, oh God, Father, to bring forth much fruit in that word, oh God. Lord, I pray, oh God, that Lord, even I bring increase, oh God, for the word that you have placed in my soul, oh God, I pray, Lord, that I will be a fruitful vine. Oh God, Lord, to be a fruitful vine in your kingdom, Lord Jesus. And I pray, oh God, that you'll be well pleased, oh God. I pray, Lord, that you do work in our lives, oh God, as an individual, Lord Jesus, you know, oh God, that you work with us as an individual, Lord Jesus. So I'm praying, Lord, that you discern our hearts, oh God. Take away everything that's not of you, oh God. Take away, Lord, every stony heart, oh God. Take away every thought, oh God. Take away every loyal thing that's fallen by the wayside, oh God. And I pray, Lord, your word will fall on good ground, oh God. I pray, Lord, that Lord, we will be so pleased in your sight, oh God, that Lord, you can say, "There's my son. There's my daughter, Lord Jesus, who is obedient to my word, oh God, who is fulfilling my word in this time and hour, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. We give you praise. We give you glory. We give you honor, Father. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Amen. I want you to know that your success is God's success. Amen. Hallelujah. For the word to walk mightily in you, that's God succeeding in his plan. For the word to have preeminence in your life, that's God's success. Amen. It's all attributed to God. Amen. If the word is becoming flesh in you, that is a success attributed to God because that's what he has been working to achieve. That's the mystery of his will. Amen. Hallelujah. To have that mystery second for mystery purpose to fully express himself in you. Glory be to his name. Every head bowed, every eyes closed. Amen. Let's remember in prayer our sister Victory. Amen. Father, we come before you. We thank you, Lord. We can call upon your name. Amen. Lord, we don't have any doubts about your healing power. We don't have any doubts that it's a finished work. Oh God, even as we bring us to victory before you chest pains, I pray Lord that your healing virtue will flow through her body. Oh God, I pray instantly shall be made whole. I pray every chest pain will be gone. Lord, if there's any blocked arteries, I pray, Lord, they will clear the way, oh God, and oxygen, nutrient, blood will flow through that, Lord, veins, Lord, and through our arteries, Lord Jesus, taking, Lord, oxygen to our brain, oh God. And I pray, Lord, Father, shall be made every with whole. We declare 1 Peter 2:24 that you'll bore our sins on the cross in your own body, Father. And Lord, we live in your righteousness, oh God, by whose stripes we were healed, oh God. We also pray Lord Jesus for sister Jri and her family Lord taken up from the flu oh God. I pray Lord that your healing virtues will flow through their bodies Lord and kill every virus Lord thankful to the body. I pray you'll bring them Lord a healing in the mighty name of Jesus. Oh God, we pray Lord that those that couldn't find themselves in the service, Lord, through the deception of the enemy, oh God, circumstances coming in their lives, oh God, that they couldn't be found in church. I pray Lord you'll bring deliverance to them, oh God, overcoming power to them, Lord Jesus. And I pray, Lord, for brother Sam and his family, brother Caleb, and Lord that will travel back to Der. I pray you'll give them safe traveling mercies, oh God. And I pray, Lord, for your faithfulness, Lord. Father, I pray you'll keep us faithful, Lord Jesus. Keep us true to your word, oh God. Father Lord, I pray Lord you will find full expression through our body right now. We pray forgive us our wrongs, our failures. Forgive us where we faulted you, Lord, where we've let you down, oh God. I pray, Lord, we will pick ourselves up and stand again, oh God. I pray, Lord, we will gather ourselves, Lord, and recognize we are sons and daughters of the most high, God, and we are representing the father's kingdom on the earth, oh God. I pray, Lord, for every son and daughter that's gathered in your presence. I pray you'll meet with their need, Lord. I pray, Lord Jesus. Father, each need differs, oh God. But I pray, oh God, that you will specialize, oh God, in the individual need, oh God, and meet them at the point of their need. We also bring the abend you, Lord. Lord, unwell in body, but I pray, Lord, that you will touch him, you will heal him, you will deliver him, oh God. And father, I pray, Lord, that the angel of God will touch him, oh God. Make him everyone whole, oh God, and be found back in the house of the Lord, Father, giving you praise, giving you glory, and giving you honor, Father. We believe you for all things. We trust you for all things, Lord Jesus. We commit our ways into your mighty hand. We ask these blessings now in the mighty name of Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Will you bless the word of the Lord this morning? Let's give the Lord a glance of praise. Amen. It's truly worthy to be praised. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing as we dismiss. Amen. Amen. And the original life, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. Amen. God's attributes were manifested through his bride in this last days. We have caught the revelation by the last prophets message. And we know who we are and what we raised up for. So praise the Lord for the original life. The original life. The original seed. The original word is the one I believe. The son of man is reb is unveil the original life. The original seed. We are the word made flesh. We are the word made flesh today. And this is what the scriptures say. And our names are sing within. Reveal perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and fired by [Music] our original life. The original life. The original sea. the original word. Praise the one. I believe the son of man is revealed. The seven se is unveiled to the [Music] original. The original seed. We called to adoption. We are called up to adoption. Full authority, full power, sleeping saints who wake and join us for translation. Gentile days will soon be over. Will soon be over. Glory. Hallelujah to our God. The original life. The original life. The original life. The original seed, the original word. What I believe is what I believe. Son of man. Oh, hallelujah. God is flesh. He's unveiled. The original life is the original seed. [Applause] [Music] Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We thank God. Amen.
