################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-17 - 👑Crowning Our Ministry As Adopted Sons Of God  Divine Character  10625  Pastor Adrian Gengan - Adrian Gengan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-17
Title:    👑Crowning Our Ministry As Adopted Sons Of God | Divine Character | 1/06/25 | Pastor Adrian Gengan
Speaker:  Adrian Gengan
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70F7fXguKTI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. I greet you all in the holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. To worship him and give him praise. Amen. Amen. And we are looking forward to that great day. Amen. When we shall see our Lord Jesus face to face. And I'd like to tell you that I don't believe we have too much of time. Amen. This is the winding up. Amen. Hallelujah. We can feel something happening. So we encourage you, amen, to make the most of every uh opportunity we get to come into the house of the Lord. You know, one of these days this opportunity will be taken away from us and then you're going to be seeking counsel, seeking advice, and seeking Amen. something more of God and you're not going to find it. Amen. So we don't want political events and religious events to shake us into place. We want the word of God which shows us our part of the word to put us in our place. Amen. Amen. So, praise the Lord. So, and uh just because you come to church doesn't mean I am shephering you. Amen. You got to allow me the opportunity to shepherd you. You've got to be under the covering of a local church. Amen. The prophet said, "It's for your protection." Amen. It's for your benefit. It's for your ministry. And if you believe that the pastor is sent to see you through to the rapture. Amen. And you can't be missing services that's equipping you for the rapture. Amen. So this morning we're going to Amen. speak a little thought. Amen. Uh Sister Devi Amen. was unwell. Amen. My mom's unwell with the flu. I know there's many people unwell. Amen. So we're just praying that the Lord will touch them this morning. Amen. Remember Sister Devi. Amen. Sister Grace. I'm not sure of any other prayer request that's gone out. Amen. and just remember these believers in prayer. It's good to see our brother Abniggo back in church. Amen. Let's give the Lord a good ankle clap of praise for touching him and bringing him back into the house of the Lord. Amen. Sister Suraj is not here this morning. She's away on a little break with the family. So we pray that the Lord will be with him. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So I'm speaking on the crowning of our ministry as adopted sons and we took divine nature. Now we said it was very specific, right? We said it. God has to give us his divine nature. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Amen. You remember when Jesus was speaking to Nicodemus, he said that except you be born of water and of spirit, you cannot see the kingdom. Right? So that's very Amen. Uh it's a it's a pattern that we follow because Jesus said, "Seek the kingdom first." Then when he's talking to Nicodemus, he's telling him when you come into the kingdom, you can't do it with flesh and blood. So I'm going to have to change your old nature. And nature has to do with the seed. So the last time we were speaking on the divine nature after divine nature, out of divine nature comes divine character. Amen. So we're looking more on that this morning on divine character. Now divine is godlike, not human. Amen. When we're talking about divine, it's godlike, not human. So, we don't want human nature. Sometimes we mistake human nature like goodness. You know, we can be have very good human nature. There are many Buddhist and and Hindus and and Muslims are very good in the human nature. But that's not where what we are looking for. We are looking for the divine nature and the divine character of God. Praise the Lord. So, Galatians 4, we'll start there. So when remember we are not looking to mold a good human nature and a good human character but we are wanting a godlike nature and a godlike character. Galatians 4 we'll read from verse one there. Now I say that the heir as long as he is a child defereth nothing from a servant. Amen. So even though you're born in the house if you don't come and be placed as a son of God you are no better than an angel. because angels are servants, ministering spirits, though he be lord of all, but he's under tutors and governors. So that's the Holy Spirit now, our tutor and our governor until the time appointed of the father. The time of appointed of the father is the adoption ceremony. Right? But when the fullness of time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman made under the law to redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. Now remember Ephesians 1 and5, we were predestinated unto adoption of children. That's the end result. And because you are sons, God sent forth the spirit, the Holy Spirit into your hearts, crying, aba father. Hallelujah. Wherefore thou art no more a servant but a son. And if a son than an heir of God through Christ. Amen. So if we are sons and daughters of God, we are hes of God through Christ. Amen. So second Peter chapter 1, we'll read from verse three. It says, "According as his divine power had given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness." So there's a power placed in the believer, but that power can only be activated if we have the right nature and the right character. Amen. That's why God is working to mold our character. So that we can operate the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. according as he had as his divine power had given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that had called us to glory and virtue. So we are called to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Amen. and the Lord had blessings to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Amen. I just have maybe I'll say it now so I don't forget later. Amen. There's a 50th birthday celebration coming up. Amen. Praise the Lord. A jubilee. Amen. Our dear sister Elaine, the Lord has been gracious to her. Amen. So, she'll be turning 50. And I'm glad for these celebrations because women conceal their age until a specific celebration. Praise the Lord. But 50 is a great year. Amen. It's the Jubilee and they want to invite the church. Amen. It's still some time away. It's like almost a month away, but they're giving you advanced notice. It's going to be on Saturday the 5th of July at 3 p.m. at 7 Regway Place, Woodview Phoenix. Is that the Bible way church? Amen. So we've had a few events there at the Bible way church. Amen. So you are requested to RSVP by 15th of June. Praise the Lord. Now remember this is very scriptural. First the invite was given and people didn't respond to the invite the Lord sent. So he said go to the highways and the byways. So if you don't respond sane has to go to highways and byways to Amen. get more people. So there's a number here. Amen. Sister Janice, you'll need to tell her or if Sister Janice is not sure, you can just tell Sister Elaine whether you're going to be coming or not. Amen. So, everyone is invited. Tell your neighbor you are invited because some people like to exclude themselves. You told him. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, Amen. Look forward to that. It's a 50th birthday and thanksgiving service of Sister Elaine. Amen. We pray that the Lord will bless them in their planning and whatever needs to be done there. Hallelujah. Everyone feeling good? Amen. Now, like we were saying, now is not the time to fool around. Amen. We are living in a very late hour. If I can say it like this, there's only a certain amount of time allotted for us Gentiles. Amen. The prophet of Malachi 4:5 and 6. Amen. The prophet of Revelation 10:7 has already come and gone. Amen. The word that was sent to give us perfect faith was already revealed. Praise the Lord. When the Bible is talking about the mystery of God being revealed, that is talking about a door being opened to us. Amen. Amen. A door being opened for marriage. Hallelujah. Amen. Because when the mystery of God is being that's for another sermon now. I don't want to really go into that. But when the mystery of God is being opened up, pay attention. God is doing something. Because if you understand what the mystery of God is, you'll realize you're a part of the mystery of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, it's very important for you not to fight your battles alone in this time. Amen. We ought to be working very specifically. Amen. To build up now and prepare for the final body change. Maybe you're thinking you got years left on the earth. Maybe you're thinking you got your whole life left you on the earth. Don't leave it to chance. In fact, before the rapture comes, the Lord could take your life away. None of us are guaranteed a day. God don't owe us a thing. The Bible says to everything there is a purpose, a season, a time. Time to be born and a time to die. Amen. Amen. We all celebrate our birthdays. We know the time we were born, but none of us know the time we will die. So let us be ready at all times. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So we are speaking on divine character. Amen. We are looking at the crowning of our ministry as adopted sons of God. Amen. Now, many people think that there's nothing that will happen prior to the coming of the Lord Jesus. If I could say it this way in a mature way where you'll understand the second coming of the Lord Jesus is already in progress. The shout is already happened. Amen. We are caught up in the cycle of the rapture which means Jesus is here with us in the shout because the quote is Jesus does all three things as he is descending. So if we are caught up in the shout Jesus is here with his people. Amen. Now remember the shout is in no is not in the legacy in church age. Praise the Lord. They rejected. They didn't want to open up the door. So the shout is to gather the living saints. Praise the Lord. Amen. So I didn't mean to do it this way, but we've been speaking on Luke chapter 15. And the Lord was showing us that the story which is referred to as the prodigal son is not a evangelical scripture like the denominations use it, but it's a scripture regarding adoption. Hallelujah. It's a scripture regarding adoption. Now, we know that if you can put up Luke 15 there. Amen. I might repeat some of these things just for the benefit and just because I'm gracious for the ones that haven't been here on Wednesday nights because for the last two Wednesday nights, we've been speaking on Luke chapter 15. Praise the Lord. And I really don't want you to miss out on certain things here. Amen. So we are seeing here that this man which is representing the kingdom of God has two sons. Amen. One is a gentile, one is a Jew. Praise the Lord. And the younger of them said to his father, "Father, give me the portions of good that fallen to me." Now before we move further, this boy, like we read in Galatians chapter 4, was under tutors and governors. He's coming from that Hebrew background. So this boy had a teacher. He had governors that was teaching him the ways of the father. Amen. So he had a gene seed that was just like his father. But at the moment he's no better than a servant. He has no authority in the household. He's got to wait for the time appointed of the father which is the adoption ceremony. Now the this father knows that this boy is growing in his divine nature but there's only certain things that can be taught. The rest will come by experience. Amen. Praise the Lord. He can teach him about his nature, the father's ways. He can teach him about these things. But character cannot be taught. You can't come and and pray Lord give me good character. The prophet of God is saying that character doesn't come that way. Character is coming by trials, testings, temptations. So it's our everyday things that we are facing in this life that is molding and shaping our character. Amen. Now, be careful as sons and daughters of God that we don't despise those things or we don't mishandle those situations because those situations are meant to mold and shape our character. Amen. It's not meant to make us slump even further because of our bad attitude and we don't know how to handle the situation. Everyone's understanding that. So, whatever he goes out with, now the father is not going to stop him. Because the father knows I can't give him character. So all this boy has now is the mechanics. He's been under tutors. He's been under teachers. So he's got the mechanics. Who amongst us don't know the word of God by now? Who amongst us don't know, Amen, the mystery of God? Who amongst us don't know, Amen, that it's wrong to cut your hair? that you shouldn't put a garment pertaining to a man. All of those things have been clearly spoken to us while we under the guide the teacher. Amen. Praise the Lord. Who don't know conduct, order, and doctrine, we know these things. Praise the Lord. So the father is going to send him out with a portion of himself because to have the father's goods and to leave with it, it's still drawing from the father's source. So he's going to start to use the father's resources which means he's going to have the gifting. So I'm trying to show you the state that this boy was. He had moved past justification, moved past sanctification, but he was now going to settle for the restoration of the gifts under the Pentecostal age. He just wanted the gifts. And he was going to denominate around it. Praise the Lord. So the father divides unto them his living, meaning he gives them the gifts. And not many days after the youngest son gathered all together and took his journey into a far country. Now I also want to say that some people have remained in the church but they're far away from God. Some people have come to church but they are involved in gambling. They have come to church but they're involved in drinking. Come to church involved in smoking. They haven't left the father's house. But their hearts are far away from him. Praise the Lord. Amen. But this boy in particular had left the father's house. So I'm saying don't be religious at this time. Amen. Now is not the time to act religious here. But Amen. born again on a Sunday but gone again on a Monday. Amen. We proclaiming that we are Christians but then your friend, your girlfriends, your wife, your husband can't see the life of Christ being reproduced. Amen. It's a pity we don't have the we we can play the sounding brass and the tinkling symbol. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what the Bible says. We become like a sounding brass. Amen. Amen. So which means what God is looking for is for the life to be on display. Oh yes. Amen. Amen. It's no use you trying to convince somebody about what you believe when you yourself don't believe it. Amen. Amen. How can we convince others to come to church when we don't come to church? Praise the Lord. Do you know that the uh the rest of the religions expect Christians to go to church on a Sunday? They expect Christians to go to church on a witness day. In fact, if you tell them you didn't go, they'll wonder what's wrong with you. Because when it's time for them to go to the temple, they go. No matter how backsliden they are or how amen uh abbotss they have in this life, when it comes to those things, they go. So I'm saying to to us who more grace is given, why do we handle the things of God like this? Why are we not serious about the things of God? We are Christians. Amen. So this boy goes on a journey to a far country and they wasted his substance with righteous living. And when he had spent all Amen there arose a mighty famine in the land and we showed you that amen in the book of Hosea how there would be a famine for the true word of God and it began to be in want. So now he had wasted all of the father's resources. Amen. and he joined himself to a citizen of that country. So he went to some local denomination. He got himself entangled with the Leosans. What was he doing when he's finding a citizen of the country? He's trying to find another source. Praise the Lord. He was attached to the father source. He was attached to the outpouring of the gifts. But the time and season had changed. Praise the Lord. So which means now they have impersonation of gifts. Amen. Don't don't anyone come here and tell me that the Lord is working their denominations. That's Janice and Jamus. Amen. And don't anyone dare say the pastor prayed for me and I didn't get healed. I'm going to some denomination pastor to be healed. You will attach yourself to every demon spirit that's associated with them. Amen. Praise the Lord. We've got to be thoroughly convinced. Amen. Of what we believe. We've got to be thoroughly convinced that this is the message of the hour. Praise the Lord. Amen. We can't attach ourselves to citizens of the earth. Amen. Wednesday I was trying to show the church that brother Brandham is saying that this eagle egg was there trapped in the chicken yard and it etched and it was a little eaglet running out and now the eagle mother eagle came to call that chicken out of the chicken yard and I was telling you that we are living in such a late hour now that almost all the chickens almost all the eagles have been called out of the chicken yards and the skies the heavenly places are full of eagles flying together. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. So, heavenly places, Amen. is a pretty crowded place with believers, a flying eagle. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So, he's this man, this boy is trying to find a different source because now he's cut off from the blessings of the father. He had wasted the resources. He realized now that speaking in tongues wouldn't cut it. So we can't rely on the Holy Ghost that fell on Zuza Street and the restoration of the gifts. This is now the giver of the gifts has come into the church. Amen. The evening messenger loosed the Holy Ghost. And made way for the Holy Ghost himself, not just gifts. Praise the Lord. People chasing after gifts. They're looking for a gifted pastor. When you go read one Corinthians 13, it says you can be gifted. Jesus even says you you prophesied in my name. You cast out demons in my name. But he says, "Depart from me. I never knew you." So don't look for a gifted pastor. Don't look for a gifted person. Amen. Look for the life. Amen. Look for the life to be on display. Because by their fruits you shall know them. Amen. Hallelujah. Because people are are presenting. They have a message seed. A message seed. But the life has got perversion. The life has got filth. The fruit is showing filth, but they're showing message seed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Impersonation of the message of the hour. Now watch. After he he tries to attach himself to the citizen of the country, the citizen sends him into the fields to feed swine. right to feed pigs. Now pigs is the lowest form or the filthiest animal you can find. So we remember what we are looking at. He was going to test his nature against the world against the leosian spirit. Amen. The filthiest nature is the pig. Remember how the prophet would dramatize it. You can take a pig, you can wash the pig, make it all nice and clean. You can even put a nice pretty bow on its head and say, "Little pig, you're now nice and clean." But the nature within the pig wants to go to the mud. So if our nature is still pulling us to the things of the world, which means we are not a new creation yet. If we can still drink, if we can still smoke, we can still gamble, still lie, still cheat, still speak lies, which means the nature hasn't changed. So, we got to know what to fix. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, watch. He sends him to feed swine. But then they also, the Bible says he would fain filled his belly, there's no food there. Even though he's working for them, they don't provide him with food. Amen. He wants to fill his belly. He wants to eat, but there's a famine. There's no food. They've got food for the pigs, but no food for the human. Right? And what does the Bible says? And no man gave unto him. Which means there was no charity. Charity is only found in the headstone. Amen. Charity is only found in the message of the hour. Amen. Charity is only up at the headstone, capstone. So they they Amen. filled his belly that the swine did eat. And the next words are, Amen. The next words there are, and no man gave unto him. Maybe I didn't put the whole verse there, but if you pull up the verse, you'll find it in Luke 15:16. No man gave him to eat. Now, if if somebody doesn't give you to eat, what are they trying to do? Starve you to death. So, think of this boy's condition who came from a message home. But now he's starving to death. He had an abundance of the prophet's books and tapes, but now he's starving to death because he hasn't been reading the word. He hasn't been listening to the message of the hour. And no man gave him to eat. Amen. Praise the Lord. So there's no charity there. That's verse 16 I was looking at, brother. Amen. Verse 16, not 17 there. We're going to go to 17 now. Now in verse 17, it says, "When he came to himself," Now remember that this is not just a story. This is a parable. It's a earthly story with an heavenly meaning. Which means that this boy, another spirit had overtaken him for him to go into that condition. Because remember, he has divine nature. Amen. And when he tested his nature against the pig nature, he realized this is not where I belong. Hallelujah. His nature was a divine nature, but now he's in the lowest form of animal nature, the pigs. Praise the Lord. Now, I want to stop right there. When he came to himself, Amen. You go back to the quotes. I put a I put a quote in there because there is something that's going to make him come to himself. This boy has amnesia. Amen. The prophet says the bride hasn't had a revival yet. So this boy wasn't having any revival day in the pig pen. No manifestation of God to stir the bride. There was nothing there to stir him. He says we are looking for it now. It'll take those seven unknown thunders back there to wake her up again. So when he's coming to himself, we know that there's a spiritual awakening happening within him. He's starting to remember who he is. He's starting to wake up again. He's starting to have a revival with thoughts of home, with thoughts of father's house. Amen. This is the eagle now screaming in the chicken yard, screaming there amongst the pigs. And this boy is looking up and something within him the divine nature is pulling out. Now remember in all of these things his character is being formed. Praise the Lord. Because remember we said divine nature divine character is being formed and character can only be through the molding and shaping. You have to go through your experiences. You have to go through your low moments your valley moments. Sometimes you'll go through sicknesses. Sometimes you'll go through poverty. Sometimes you'll go through hard struggles in this life. But all of that God is knows how to shape your character. Praise the Lord. So he said when he came to himself, he said, "How many hired servants of my father have bread enough?" Now they don't only have bread enough in the father's house. They have spare. Praise the Lord. He says they have bread enough and to spare. And I perish with hunger. Now there are many people that are perishing spiritually. And Jesus in Matthew 6 is telling us that no man can serve two masters. Either you will hate one, love the other, or else you will alter the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. So this boy was at a crossroad right now. Either I stay in my condition and perish with hunger or I can go back to father's house and serve God. He's at a crossroad. Therefore I say unto you take no thought of your life. Young people, old people even now don't think that accumulation of goods is going to make you happy in this life. You can have the best car, the best home, the best food to eat. that doesn't make you happy in life. You can even have money to go on holidays and and to do very nice things. You can even buy Amen. multiple properties, multiple cars. You can even start businesses and all of these things. God is going to bless you. Amen. But that doesn't Amen. determine your happiness. Praise the Lord. You know that famous quote of the prophet, he says, "Happiness doesn't consist of how much of the world's goods you own." True happiness comes from serving the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Jesus is saying, "Take no thought of your life." We spend the whole night thinking about our life. Jesus says, "Take no thought of your life." Amen. what you shall eat. Some of us already got the menu for the whole week. Amen. Tomorrow herbs. Praise the Lord. What you shall eat, what you shall drink, nor yet for the body, what you shall put on. See, as soon as I mentioned Sister Ela's birthday, some sisters were already thinking what I'm going to wear. But he says, "Don't even bother what you're going to wear. Even if you wear the same outfit you have now, we don't care." Sisters, see brothers, I'm trying to help you. All right? Jesus saying don't worry what you shall put on. Is not life value the things that mean the most. Is not life more than meat and the body than raignment. Behold the fowls of the air for they sow not neither do they reap nor gather into barns yet your heavenly father feedth them. I'm bringing the scripture for a reason. God had not forgotten this boy. If you can take care of sparrows, his eye was always on this boy. Amen. No gather into barns. Yet your heavenly father feeded them. Are you not much better than they? Are you not better than sparrows? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? And why taking thought for Raymond consider the liies of the field? How they grow? They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. Wherefore if God so clothe the grass of the field which today is and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you? Oh we of little faith. Jesus is going to reiterate. Now therefore take no thought saying, "What shall we eat? What shall we drink? Whether shall we be clothed? For all these things do the Gentiles seek. For your Father, heavenly Father, knoweth it that you have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. Take no thought for the tomorrow, for the tomorrow shall take thought of the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil day of. So in verse 18, now the boy is saying, I will arise. Amen. Many of us want God to take us out of our situation. Many of us want God to take us out of our troubles. But God wants you to arise. God wants you to do something about your situation. Stop telling God about your situation and your problem. Do something about it. Amen. The father wasn't going to send an helicopter there, send a ladder down into that pig pen and take the boy out of it. The boy had to do something. Praise the Lord. Amen. Didn't David have to do something? When he was facing the threat of Goliath and he walked into the Philistine or the Israel army that day, did he just pray and say, "Lord, deliver us from the situation." He put himself in the first person that he was an instrument of God. He walked into that circumstance and he took control of atmospheres. He took control of principalities. He took control of powers. You walk into any situation. You're a son and daughter of God. Take control of situations. God had already trained him on the backside. I'm trying to show you God had already trained David's character. This man had divine nature. You say, "Yeah, divine nature." Didn't God say David is a man after my own heart? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So God is confirming David is a man after my own heart. To have the heart like God means you have divine nature. And character is molded on the back side of the desert. When bear is coming to take his sheep, when lion is coming to take his sheep, his character is being molded a character of a lion. He's from the tribe of Judah. He's got a lion nature within him. I say in this end time, if we are the spirit of the flying eagle, how about we soar above our circumstance? How about we soar above our problems? How come we are so weak-minded that every small problem we get down? Amen. God has not given us a spirit of fear. God has not given us a spirit of anxiety, the spirit of depression that we must get worried about every single thing that happens. Amen. By now, we ought to have the oil of the Holy Spirit where these things flow off of us like water of something that's bathed in oil. Praise the Lord. So he says, now I was telling about David. David walked into that situation and he took control and he had to go and pick up stones. God wants you to do something. Where's your stones? You want to kill your giant? Where's your stones? Where's your sling? No, I want God to do it for me. God wants you to do it. Because if you understand in this time and season, God is not going to come down from the sky. God is going to do it through you. Amen. God is working through you. God is going to use your voice and speak through you. I'll give you another example quickly. Moses and the children of Israel at the Red Sea. Moses is calling to God and God is saying, "Why are you crying to me? What's wrong with you? Didn't I just display my power?" 10 supernatural signs in Egypt. Now you come to the Red Sea. God is wanting you to speak to the wind so that the wind comes and parts the ocean. And don't forget when you speak to your ocean, when you speak to your mountain and you passing through that ocean, when you get to the other side, remember to close the sea upon your enemies. Some of you have come out of situations, you've come out of churches, you've come out of all circumstances, but you've allowed the Red Sea to remain open, and those demon powers are still trying to attack you. Turn back and speak to that ocean. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Amen. Yes, Lord. We come out of denomination. We still got the ocean open. Now your cousin is coming after you. Now your friend is still coming after you. Hey, for the good old time sake, let's go back to Egypt. Let's eat the the leaks and the garlics. Hey, come one more shot. You remember how we used to read in the old days? You left the ocean open. Moses had to stand and speak that the wind would seize and the waters would come back and drown all of the enemies. Some people got more compassion than God. They feel I'm going to speak now. Hey, this people are going to get drowned here. Don't have compassion on your enemies. Amen. Praise the Lord. Somebody steal your phone, you want to hit them. When they stole somebody else's phone, you saying, "Ah, give the guy a chance." Hey, so God is expecting us to do something. Praise the Lord. Christ the mystery of God revealed. Christ wants to have full expression through his many membered body. But the bride is mute. People are mute. They want God to descend from the heavens and sort their situations out. God is working to equip you. Amen. Now, when he's saying, "I will arise and go to my father," every time you hear the word father, it's talking about origins. He wants to go back to his origin. Amen. Amen. He's saying I will arise and go to my father and I will say father I have sinned against heaven and before thee and am no more worthy to be called thy son make me as one of thy hired servants and right here is where every time you hear word father his heart is being turned back to the father which means this boy is exposed to Malachi 4:5 and 6 which says behold I will send you Elijah the prophet this boy could never have gone back to the father without this ministry. Our hearts could never be turned back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers without Malachi 4:5 and 6. So this boy was under a prophetic ministry. Now you said prophetic ministry. Yes. What is causing him to remember these things? Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. We know that was John the Baptist. And this is the part where the boy is now and the heart of the children to their fathers lest they come and smite the earth with a curse. Praise the Lord. So even if you find yourself in a backsliden condition now, why don't you pick yourself up? Amen. You say, "I'm not hearing Malachi 4:5 voice." You are hearing Malachi verse 5 4:5 and 6 through the five-fold ministry. The bride under a messenger will become the final voice through the final age. People are saying don't put the five-fold ministry on the pulpit. Put the tapes on. I'm saying you have gravely misunderstood the prophet. Praise the Lord. So the boy's heart being turned back to the faith of his father is because now he's under Malachi 4:5 and 6. Praise the Lord. Amen. Something is turning his heart. He arose and came to his father. But while he was yet a great way off, his father saw him. Now think of this boy. He's starving. He doesn't have much energy. He's wretched, naked. Poor. Amen. But he is coming back to father's house. And let me tell you something. This boy is not coming back the same way that he went. When he left father's house, he was full of pride. When he left father's house, he was full of himself. When he left father's house, he was relying on the the the the outpouring of the gifts. He was relying on his own strength. But character had developed him through his experiences. And he said now he's coming back with a humble attitude. Now he's coming with a heart of repentance. What is he saying? I'm saying you can't come back to father's house without repentance. Amen. People think they can go and do the worst of things and just come back into the father's house. You must repent. You must be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And then you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Thank you, Lord. People think they can live up as lives with no repentance. Why? Then it still shows that you have pride here. But he is saying, Amen, that I will go and say, I've sinned against heaven. Do we realize that when we sin, we are not just sinning against ourselves? Yes. Listen to the boy's words. I have sinned against heaven. How about when we lie? How about when we steal? Can we say I have stolen against heaven? I have lied against heaven. I have drank against heaven. I committed fornication against heaven. I committed adultery against heaven. But I repent. So repentance proved his character. He did not have pride. His character had been molded. He was coming back humbly. And this is what father was looking for. The father knew he had divine nature. But he sent him out. He didn't stop him because he knew the experiences would mold his character. Some of us don't learn our our our lessons in life. But God is molding our character through these. So now he's coming back with the divine character. Praise the Lord. Notice when he comes back, he doesn't come back there. Guess who's back. He doesn't come with an attitude. Father, your son has returned. Restore to me my room. Father, is my room still in tip-top shape? He doesn't speak like that. When you come back to father's house, we come back humbly. Amen. And he rose. His father came. He saw him a great way off. His father saw him and had compassion. He ran, fell on his neck, and kissed him. Where is he now? He's not in the Leysian church age anymore. He's all the way up in the headstone now. Where is charity? Somebody tell me the headstone. So this boy is not in Leosa. He's not operating under brotherly kindness. He's coming back to the father. He's all the way up in the headstone. Because this message came to pull you out of Leosia and pull you into the headstone. Some people thinking the headstone is only coming back when when when we are raptured. No, there's a ministry under the headstone. Praise the Lord. And the son said unto him, "Father, I have sinned against heaven and in thy sight, and I'm no more worthy to be called thy son." Right? Now, remember when he left home, he left with servant mentality because he was just a child. He's coming back with the same mentality, but the father is going to bring up to date to present tense ministry. He didn't realize that the father was shaping and molding his character. And when he came back, he wanted to be a servant. But here what the father says. But the father said to his servants, he don't even address the boy. Bring forth the best robe. Amen. Hallelujah. Now to wear the robe of the father requires very specific type of development of your character. Because number one, you need to be the same stature as your father. David, can you wear your father's coat? It fits you properly. Maybe. Well, maybe use Joshua and Joshua. You can use your father's coat. If you want to use your father's code, what must you do? You need to bulk up, right? I'm giving you a carnal example. bring the best robe. The best robe in that house was the father's robe. I got a quote for that. The prophet is saying here in the message secondhanded robe. He says, "But through the years, God had molded the man's character into a place after his call that he would fit into the robe." So your life experiences are making you fit into the father's robe. The robe can also type the word of God. Amen. Our our experiences, the pain, the suffering, the hurt, the loss that we go through has been molding and shaping our character. Now when you come and you put father's robe, dad, it's a perfect fit. How how does your robe fit me so perfectly? He was chastised and despised. He was mocked. He learned character. He learned obedience through the things he suffered. Amen. So through the years, God had molded the man's character into a place where after he's called, he would fit the rope. Amen. Praise the Lord. And he put on him the ring on his hand. The ring is typing authority. Praise the Lord. The authority because the ring had a seal. What is the father doing? Now remember the boy is coming back to be a servant in his mind. When he is coming back, the father is placing him in adoption. This is a very serious time. Amen. When you come back, expect the responsibilities of the kingdom. Amen. The father's kingdom responsibilities are now placed in his sons and daughters. Amen. It's the authority of the father and put shoes on his feet. Servants at that time didn't wear shoes, but it's only sons that were placed. Oh, you got to read a hidden life. And you've got to read here him to understand this entire story. The father taking Jesus up onto the mountain. Amen. clothed in the garment a glorified body. Praise the Lord. Amen. To adopt him. So now he says, "Bring the fed calf." And the fed calf is representing the sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let us eat and be merry for my son was dead and is alive and was lost and is found. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So it's a very specific time when you are coming back to father's house in this time and season. Don't expect to just be a casual observer in the house. This is the time appointed of the father. Like I was telling you the last time, brother Brham couldn't preach algebra to a denominational church. He says you don't even know your ABCs. I say now is the time appointed of the father where this message can preach algebra. If you want ABCs, this is not preschool. Wear your hair long. Wear long dresses. Wear short faces. Amen. This is not the time you know we have inspectors where you're inspecting somebody else. We are not inspectors in the father's kingdom. Hey bro, why you why are you your tie is wrong there? Put another tie. How many of you remember the early years? Hey, praise the Lord. We are not inspectors. Father is expecting maturity out of us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Remember, it's an individual walk. If somebody doesn't want to tow the line, it's their life. The church here is a hospital. The church has three kinds of believers. We welcome all because we want the world to the word to change you. We want the word to shape you, to mold you. So, anyone's welcome here if they want to sit under the word. Praise the Lord. So God himself, now I just want to read this. Maybe we're going to close now. Amen. God is working. I'm going to close by saying this. God is working to mold our character. And every day is molding our character and he's shaping us. Now you say, why you hopping on this? Is because we're going to the next phase. The divine nature is because of the seed gene within us. You can't change that because the seed identifies the nature. So we have the gene seed. Character can't be given to you. Character must be molded through life's experiences, life's circumstances. And why is character necessary for the next stage? for divine power because without character you God won't release power to you. Next comes divine power. Praise the Lord. I'm going to skip a lot here, brother. Amen. I'm going to go past Let me see if I can find this for you. If you can find where it starts with Romans 8:17 to18. I'm trying to find a place to close here now. Amen. It's in the message uh it's in the church age book. Amen. Smian church age. It starts with Romans. Romans chapter 8:17 to18. You got it. So let's find a place to close here now. He says, "And if children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ." Somebody tell your neighbor, I am joints with Christ. Joints mean doesn't mean Jesus has 51% stake and you got 49. What does it's got equal? This is scripture now. Romans 8:17 to18. And if children, then hes of God, joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Amen. Oh Lord, reveal your glory. You want the glory to come from the sky. The glory is going to be revealed in us. Now hear what he says next. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. Remember the boy now? Maybe it's a story that doesn't have much detail, but I'm putting the detail in there. The boy had something to overcome. He had to overcome Leosia. When he went back to father's house, he had overcome Leoa, the Leician spirit. And when you overcome, you know what the scripture says? You sit with me on my throne. Therefore, the because he overcame Leosia. That's why the father was ready to give him the robe, give him the ring, and give him the shoes because he was ready to reign. Amen. He was ready to sit on the father's throne because he overcame Leosia. Is that scripture? Do you overcome the age? So unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. Now somebody tell me only a king reigns. To reign in a kingdom. You're a king. He has made us kings and priests. You have to suffer to reign. Remember David? David had to suffer to reign. The reason, here is where we're getting it now, that we can't impart it by prayer. We can't imparted by gifts. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. You say, "Oh, I lost this in life. I lost my parents. I lost my son. I lost my daughter. I lost my husband. I lost my wife." God was using those experiences to mold character. What happened to Job? You give, you take away. Though it's heartbreaking, but you give, you take away. My heart will choose to say, "Blessed be your name." Hallelujah. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. So, how many of you can pray for character? Do you know what's going to happen when you pray for character? Here comes trials. Here comes sufferings. Here comes temptations. God is molding. He said, "Hey, my son wants divine character. Have you considered my servant Job? The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. Now, a gift is something you give to somebody. Even God himself can't just give it to you. Let's continue to read. A man without character can't reign. You see why the boy couldn't reign? Initially, he had no character. The father had to let him out on his own, develop his character, then he could reign. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. Amen. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and he sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. All the little temporary suffering we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. What treasure are laid up for those who are willing to enter into the kingdom through much tribulation? Think it's not strange concerning the fiery trials that are to try you. That is what Peter said. Is it strange that God wants to develop our Christlike character that comes through suffering? Oh, read that slowly. Christlike character comes through suffering. No sir, we all have trials. We all are tried and chasened as sons. No one but goes through that. Not one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering and is not being tried isn't of God. He he's going to bring in Hebrews here now. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastneth and scourgeeth every son whom he receiveth. But if he be without chastisement, whereof all our partakers, then are ye bastards and not sons. Listen to what he says. I'm closing with this now. This special condition in Smyrna must be applied to every age. There is no age free from it. There is no true believer free from it. This is of God. What is he talking about? Suffering, trials. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us the truth that we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. Love suffered long and is kind. Blessed are you when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my name's sake. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad for your reward in heaven. And so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. Watch what he says now. The cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. Neither are bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. His approval on any of us is in only in the beloved. His love is elective which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us? Yes. But how shall we know? We shall know because he said so and manifested that he did love us. For he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit, placing us as sons. Hallelujah. How many of you want to know how you can prove your love to him? How many of you want to know how you prove your love to the Lord? Let's see what the prophet is saying here. This is our last quote. And how do I prove my love to him? By believing what he said. Not not Lord, I love you. I love you. But you just believe what he said. He doesn't want words. By believing what he said and conducting myself with joy amidst the trials. You must have joy in the middle of your trials. Now let's test that. How many of us when you're going through the situation, somebody come ask you how you doing? You got joy. Hallelujah. You're only telling them about this problem and this and now you struggling with this thing. Bro, I can't make it. What is joy? Joy, Amen, is knowing the end result and you still remain in joy. Praise the Lord. conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allows to come to pass. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, how many of you want divine character? Then allow the situations we go through to mold us. It's the only way character is developed. Because when we can develop that Christlike character, the power is already there. Brother Brandham says the power is already there. He's just working on our character so that we can learn to operate the power. Let's stand. Amen. I want to say again, we are not just preaching a sermon here. We are teaching you that out of divine nature will come divine character and out of divine character will come the divine power because we are right at the end now. The divine power must be on display and out of divine power you'll see the glory of sons and daughters. Hallelujah. Now remember I'm going to say this. The power is not for our own validation. And that's where we need character because as soon as a man is I pray for brother Caleb and he gets healed, the moment I try to draw that attention to me, that's wrong. Listen to those pastors. Listen to those evangelists, teachers, prophets, apostles. The moment we try and take credit for ourselves, it's showing the character is wrong. then we're not foo to rule. The moment a pastor keeps saying I I I I I something is wrong. Trying to draw all the attention to himself, something is wrong. What is the power for? The power is to show and give him glory. It's all for his glory. Amen. So if you ever see somebody doing that, know that their motive is wrong. Their character is wrong. They haven't developed properly. Amen. Let's sing a song. Amen. If you can give me E, we'll sing a song. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can put up the song, Brother Josh. Amen. While the world looks upon me as I struggle along, they say I have nothing. [Music] But they are so wrong. Cuz in my heart I'm rejoicing. How I wish they could see. So, thank you, Lord, for your blessings on me. There's a roof up above me. I have a good place to sleep. There's food on my table and shoes on my feet. You gave me your love, Lord, and a fine family. So thank you Lord for your blessings on me. Although I'm not wealthy and these clothes they not new. I don't have much money, but Lord, I have you. To me, that's all that matters. Though the world may not see, but thank you, Lord, for your blessings. Oh, can we just thank the Lord now and sing? There's a roof up above me. I have a good place to sleep. [Music] There's food on my table and shoes on my feet. You gave me your love, Lord, and a fine family. So, thank you, Lord. One more time. Let's sing the chorus one more time. There's a roof. There's a roof up above me. I have a good place to sleep. There's food on my table, shoes on. You gave me your love, Lord, and a fine family. So thank you Lord for your blessings. Amen. While the music plays, let's just worship the Lord and talk to him. Just begin to thank father. Amen. No matter how weward we were, the father wants you to come to adoption. The father wants to put his robe upon you. The father wants to put his ring on your finger. The father wants to put his shoe on your feet. The father has an expectation of us that when we are coming back, our character has been molded. Our character has been shaped. Our character has been developed. Under much trial, under much situations, the Lord has molded our character. Oh, we thank you Lord that this bride has come forth like beaten gold. Oh God, you have beaten us. Oh God, taking out all the dust, Father, until you can see your reflection in us, oh God, how we love you, how we appreciate you, Lord. Lord, through your divine providence, through your divine Lord, for knowledge, you know how to mold us. You are the divine architect, oh God, you know what to do in our lives, oh God, you know how to get this great character out of us, Lord Jesus. This is not a character of the earth. This is divine character. This is godlike character. This is back in your image and likeness. We thank you Lord that your character is love. Your character is all patience. Your character is gentleness. Your character is meekness. Your character is longsuffering. Oh God. Thank you Lord. And these are the character developments that we have in our own lives. Oh God, help us to be longsuffering. Help us to have love. Help us to have joy. Help us to have faith. Oh God, help us to develop this character. Oh God. Oh yes. Lord, help us to learn the lessons when you are taking us through our great trials. Oh God, help us to learn these lessons when you are taking us through our testings. Oh God. Oh yes, Jesus. Thank you Lord. Through sicknesses we bless you. Oh, through heartaches, through pain, through suffering, we endure it all. We say the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared to the glory that shall be revealed in us. Thank you, Lord, for your divine architect, your plan, your purpose. Oh God, thank you for healing. Forgive us if we've questioned you. Forgive us if we've said why. Oh God, forgive us Lord if we didn't understand it along the way. Oh God and all the along you were molding and shaping our character Lord to train us Lord Jesus. Thank you Father. Father we repent. We come back with repentance Lord. We don't come back with pride. We come back with repentance. Forgive us father for we have sinned against heaven. We have questioned you. We have done thing against you. Forgive us Lord. Oh Jesus. Thank you for the garment, Lord. Thank you for the embrace. Thank you for the kiss, oh God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, the Bible says that the father ran toward the son. Father wants to see you make an effort to come towards him. Amen. The Bible says when he saw him a far off, he ran. He ran to his son. Oh, feel his embrace this morning. Feel his kiss upon your neck. Hallelujah. Hear the father's words now. This is my beloved son. Amen. In whom I am well pleased. Thank you. Hear he him. Thank you, Lord. You have come to your adoption church. You have come to your adoption ceremony. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh yes. Lord, now you're not relying on your own strength. The father has taken full control. He's commanding servants, bring the fatted calf. Oh yes. He's saying bring the robe. Bring the ring. Thank you. You got no say in it. Thank you. You've been through your experiences. You've been through your trials. Thank you, Lord. Now enjoy the benefits of being placed as a son. Thank you, Lord. Now's the time to write checks. Now's the time to hire who you want to hire and fire who you want to fire. Now's the time, church. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. Anyone wants to be remembered in prayer, you can raise your hand. We understand services like this. Amen. Every eyes closed and every head bowed. Remember it's the tutor that reminded the boy because Jesus said in St. John 16 when he the spirit of truth and will come he will bring things to your remembrance. So it was the Holy Ghost that was bringing things back to the boy's remembrance. Even now the Holy Ghost is working in your heart. Son, son and daughter, why you want to live your life disconnected from Jesus, disconnected from father's resources? Don't attach yourself to citizens of the country. Come back to father's house. Be attached to the main source. [Music] You just have that altar in your heart right now. Nobody's looking around. Nobody's going to make fun of you. Nobody's going to say, "Oh, look at this person raising their hand with that person." The Bible says over one that comes back to the father's house. The angels in heaven rejoice. If the angels are rejoicing, be assured we are rejoicing. Make a commitment in your heart right now that from this day forward you will have no other god be beside our Lord God Almighty. You will serve no other God. Put God first in all your decisions. Choose to serve him. Some of us have been all have been handling our trials and tests wrong. Therefore, God has us in that holding pattern. How many of you know you can speak to your mountain? How many of you know you speak to the Red Sea and then when you're gone through you close the Red Sea? God wants you to have total deliverance and faith is the victory right now that will overcome it. Father, we come before you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Lord, we repentance. Oh God, we all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. So, Father, I just feel Lord to say, Lord, we are sorry, Lord Jesus. Sometimes in ignorance, we do things that displease you, Father. And we are we want to say, Lord, we are sorry. We repent. We have sinned against heaven, oh God. We ask you, Lord, to forgive us and wash us in that precious sacrificial blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Restore us a new, oh God. We close doors behind us. We close the ocean behind us. We chop off Goliath's head right now. Amen. Father, even as we come back to your kingdom, fill us with your Holy Ghost, oh God. Amen. Fill us, oh God. And I pray, Lord, we'll start to develop a great love for your word and for your things of God. Help us to start, oh God, by reading your word. Yes. Getting back into the messages of the hour. Getting back to prayer life. Yes. getting back to a sincere consecration with God. And I pray Lord that you will keep us by your grace, oh God, all around us, Father, is famine, is darkness, is nakedness, oh God, but we want to come into the headstone, oh God, we want to come right into your headstone, Father, where the shout is going on to be united with the bridegroom. Forgive us our faults and our failures, our shortcomings. Forgive us if we've questioned why. I pray Lord from this day forward. We will follow holy after you Lord Jesus. I love you. I appreciate you. Lord, I thank you for this congregation. Lord, sincere in their hearts, oh God, they love you. They appreciate you, Father. We say thank you, Father. We ask these blessings now in the mighty name. Lord, we also remember sister Davyi, sister Grace. We pray Lord that your healing virtues will flow through their bodies. Make them every withhold. Your word has declared that they are already healed. Amen. And we thank you for their healing in Jesus name. We give you praise for it. Thank you Jesus. Amen.
