################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-22 - Brother Joshua Chetty  16-03-2025 - Joshua Chetty.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-22
Title:    Brother Joshua Chetty | 16-03-2025
Speaker:  Joshua Chetty
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwnen_OoqQo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. You excited to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. And we give praise, glory, and honor to him that he brought us into his provided place of worship. Amen. Amen. Uh this morning our pastor Adrian is gone out ministering to at the ill tabernacle in for pastor Jonathan. I believe he's gone out ministering in Pakistan. So he's gone out there. We pray that God will be a blessing to them this morning. Amen. And we pray that God will also the we know there's a mighty move of the spirit. Amen. Around the world, there's a quickening amongst the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. And we pray that uh as the quickening power moves, God is bringing his bride into alignment. Amen. Yes. He's bringing the bride into his program. Amen. God always had his program. Man had a program, but God always had his program. Amen. And he knew that in time and season, he'll bring a people back into his program. God's purpose must be fulfilled. Amen. Amen. So he said, "I will present myself, yes, a glorious church." Personal pronoun. Amen. I will present myself a glorious church without spot, without wrinkle. Amen. So from the time he's given the covenant, it's always the I will covenant. Amen. So God is able to perform that which he said he'll perform. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because God's interpretation of prophecy is when the manifestation takes place. Amen. That's right. So you and I must be the interpretation of the prophecy. Amen. You and I must be the interpretation. Amen. The prophecy in this hour. So when there's a manifestation, we become the interpretation of that prophecy. Amen. So pray for Pastor Adrian has gone out ministering. Amen. Pray that uh God will uh believe his day a special blessing. Are you back? God bless. Can you hear me? The believers are keep complaining that the engineer sound engineers keep complaining when I use the mic. I keep dropping the mic. So they said I must use this. Amen. So pray that Lord will put out a special blessing. Yes. So as I was saying, pray that the Lord will have it upon Pastor Adrian as he minister. As you have been blessed with the word, as you have been blessed with the gift, so the gift must be sent out. Amen. Yes. Amen. And uh we have a before I go to this uh after the service today, we'll pray that we'll all greet. We'll go outside and we'll come back in. We just want to discuss I see we don't have presation. Yeah. We want to discuss uh about a farewell that we want to have for him. As you already know that he'll be leaving to to stay in he's already working in Johannesburg. He'll be leaving with his family to permanently reside there. So we want to have a special farewell good send off to him because of the dedication that he's been in assembly for many years and served in the office of the of the church. And we pray that when we complete the service, God has agreed, we could just come in and just have a discussion around that. All right. And then just before we go into prayer, we have a prayer request. Sister Maggie is unwell and we also have a prayer request for sister. Uh you all know that the leg was amputated and now the they're saying that she has an infection in the other leg. But we pray that as we pray, we'll rebuke that infliction, that infection. Amen. Believe that we can stand in the gap as believers. And we have we are heirs to the promise. Amen. We are to every redemptive blessing and all things are possible with our God. We believe that he's a supernatural God. And nothing can stand in the way of the prayers of the saint. If you believe, if you ask anything in his name and believing, we shall receive it. Amen. Amen. Well, let's stand let's stand to our feet even as we pray before we get into the scripture. Amen. Our gracious God and loving father, as we humbly come before you this morning, we pray, oh Lord, Holy Spirit, we we know that you're welcome to the praise and worship that was being led, oh God. And your presence is, Lord, evident amongst us this morning, oh God. And Lord, we pray even as your awesome presence is here right now. Even Lord, as we come into full submission to you right now to listen to the oracles of the most high and hear what you have to say to us, oh God, a word that will bring us into edification in this hour and bring us into alignment with the promises that is given to us, oh God, and what we ought to be and how we ought to uh be and walk in this hour, Lord. Come and teach us, Holy Spirit. We pray and Lord I pray even for the for dear pastor Adrian as he's out ministering the gospel. I pray father for a lord outpouring of your spirit amongst the people the believers the bride of Christ out there in hillary oh God and I pray Lord that be a mighty move of your spirit and even around the world Lord as your bride gathers let there be a mighty outpouring of your holy spirit this morning oh God bringing your bride to alignment of your word in this hour oh God and Lord I pray father that you be positionally placed to the preaching of your word oh God and I pray father Lord I pray that even As this morning as we are gathered here Lord, we bring the needs before you of your people oh God and the special request that went forth for sister Maggie Lord and even Lord our sister Shi Lord we are believe that you are more than able Lord you have already done the work on Calvary Lord Jesus as Lord we bring the petition before you may your healing hand be stretched forth towards them Lord and even our dear sisters Lord we rebuke that infection upon the other leg in the name of Jesus restore that leg back to good health. Father, Lord, all things are possible in your name. We believe your word, Lord. We don't doubt your word. We We believe it, oh God. It's a finished work. You are Jehovah Rafa, our healer, oh God. And Lord, we know, Lord, that you want to fulfill every part of your redemptive blessings, oh God, upon your bride and Lord, upon your people, oh God. And Lord, right now, even as we prepare to listen to your word, prepare our hearts, oh God, and let our hearts be in tune to you, bring our thoughts under the captivity to the obedience of your word right now. Let our focus come to you right now. Be in tune with you. Let us come, Lord, in the rhythm of the composer this morning. We ask it now in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. You got your Bibles, we turn to the book of Ezekiel, chapter 37. Amen. God bless you. Does that sound good? Praise God. Amen. The book of Ezekiel chapter 37:E 10. And the word of the Lord says, "And the hand of the Lord was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the Lord, and set me down in the midst of the valley, which was full of bones, and caused me to pass by them roundabouts. And behold, there were very many in the open valley, and lo, they were dry, dry in leaders, dry in denominations. And he said unto me, son of man, this must take a prophetic ministry. Amen. Amen. Can these bones live? And I answered, oh Lord, thou knowest. Again he said unto me, prophesy unto these bones and say unto them, oh ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord. Thus say the Lord God unto these bones, behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live. Amen. And I will lay sus upon you and will bring up flesh upon you and cover you with skin and put breath in you and ye shall live and ye shall know that I am the Lord. So I prophesied as I was commanded. And as I prophesied there was a noise and behold a shaking and the bones came together. bone to is bone. Amen. Each bone had to be framed. Amen. You won't get the ankle bone going to the shoulder bone. Each bone had to come where it wasly framed into the body. Amen. And when I beheld, lo the sinus and the flesh came up upon them and the skin covered them above, but there was no breath in them. Amen. This body has come now. The body is formed, but now we need life in it. Amen. Amen. Yes. Amen. Then said he unto me, "Prophesy unto the wind." Now do the second prophecy now. Then he said unto me, "Prophesy unto the wind. Prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, thus say the Lord God, come from the four winds, O breath, and breed upon his slain that they may live." That's the second part of the prophecy. The first part was Revelation 10:1-7. Here's the second part. Revelation 10 8-11. Amen. So I prophesied as he commanded me. And the breath came into them and they looked and stood up upon their feet and a great sorry an exceeding great army. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Now we'll go to Revelation 8 verse 19. 19 says, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God." Amen. Amen. So for a title this morning, we want we will speak on the manifested sons of God, the invisible army and the power of the shouts. Amen. The manifested sons of God. Sorry, the invincible army. Did I say invisible? Sorry. The invincible army and the power of the shouts. Amen. Right there in the scripture, you could see that invincible army. Amen. Because Ezekiel is speaking about when the life came into them, when the spirit came into them, when the dynamics came to them. Amen. They lived and stood up upon their feet an exceeding great army. Amen. Yes. Amen. We know the prophet said there'll be super church, a super ra and invincible army. Amen. So we speaking this morning on the manifested sons of God, the invincible army and the power of the shouts. Amen. Because there was a time when sons of God had to be manifested, right? Amen. Because why? A prophetic voice had to come down in this hour and he had to wait for a message. He had to wait for the mighty angel to come down with title deed in his hand. Amen. He was waiting for a message that there was a shout. Amen. Because the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout with a voice of the archangel and the trump of God. Amen. So it was a three-fold purpose. But Christ is doing all three things as he is standing. Amen. And he was waiting for the shout message to gather the living saints. Amen. Amen. But Amen. So when he's gathering them, he's bringing the mechanics in. He's bringing the word that is forming the body, the structure. The word is forming the structure. taking them out of dead leucia, taking out of the denominational graves. Amen. Where the still bodies were lying and it was happening right in the s day. Amen. What a resurrection that was 2,000 years ago. And what a resurrection this is in the present time. That's what he was preaching. Amen. It was it was coming down in the soom day. Amen. Yes. Amen. And we find that the mechanics was coming to bring this body raise them up out of denominational graves. Amen. But a shout. Amen. Because why it came with a quickening power. Amen. But now here here's the thing. Now this prophet is fulfilling each part of the scripture. But there must be another part according to Ezekiel where the Lord said now prophesy again. Amen. And because now prophesy again goes back to son of man ministry again. And this must be sons manifested again. When sons come to manifestation to realize their position, to realize who they are in this prophecy. Amen. To realize they part of the scripture in the hour when they can walk now in perfect faith by recognizing their true identification in the word. Not somebody else's identification, but their identification in the word. When they recognize why God called them, what was the purpose of God revealing this word to you? What was the purpose of you seeing the message and somebody else not seeing it? Amen. It was not done to make you just uh to come into church and have another form form of religion or to say that you know something better than denominations or you have a higher form of worth than them. No, it's to show you that you are sons of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. It is it is showing you the entire purpose of redemption because the purpose of redemption was not to make you a churchgoer. The purpose of redemption was to bring you back to all that Adam lost. To bring you back to your original condition. And what did Adam lose? Adam lost the Holy Ghost. Amen. And you might have the Holy Ghost back in you. Amen. Amen. We're not talking about the gifts of the Holy Spirit cuz that was big given to the church and it was given to the church to operate. Amen. To show the supernatural God is amongst them. But to have the Holy Ghost himself, Amen. Where God and man has become one where there is a oneness between the father and his son. Amen. And God could come in the cool of the day and have fellowship with Adam. And that's what God's entire purpose of redemption was. Everybody was playing a part of redemption. That's why when Jesus would come on the earth 2,000 years ago, he could tell you a greater than Solomon is here. He could take every part of the scripture. But now when you come on earth, you could see yourself in Esther. You could see yourself in Ruth. You could see yourself all through the Bible in Sarah, in Rebecca, in all these types. You are seeing your own selves in the scripture walking in perfect faith all the way back to the to the garden of Eden. Amen. All the way back in perfect harmony with God. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. So, here we see Ezekiel 37. We know Ezekiel 37. Now, he's speaking is happening now before the time he's showing you now how this this this this army is rising up. Amen. This army is going to be raised up. Amen. This great exceeding army is going to be raised up. But it's happening before because Ezekiel 38 and 39 if you go there that focus more on Armageddon. He's a type of Armageddon. Amen. Ezekiel 40 is type of the millennium. But before the Armageddon, before millennium, there must be this army raised up. Amen. Amen. And before that there must be the prophecy before Armageddon and before the millennium you must have the prophecy of the son of man. Amen. Yes. And is what he's doing is restoring bring you back to full restoration. Amen. That you had to come to full restoration. Amen. Amen. Stuck there denominational graves, not knowing God's purpose for your life. But a shout came forth. Amen. To awaken you. Amen. Take you out of amia. Pull you out of there. Make you realize that you're not a chicken. You're an eagle. Amen. Amen. Yes. Amen. So we saw him coming with power and great glory. Amen. And we have to look up for redemption drawn nigh. Amen. When it's coming in power and great glory, the poor can't see it. Yeah. It's not for everybody. Amen. Amen. That's right. But it's for a special class of people. Amen. Amen. So we find that God is restoring his sons to have dominion. Amen. Yeah. That's what he wants his sons to have dominion. Amen. Because that what his son had. That's what his son lost. And the entire plan of through the ages through the prophets through Christ through the apostles through all the seven church ages bringing you back to what his son lost. Amen. It couldn't happen. It could come in part in part. But the fullness come now when title deed book comes back on the earth again. Amen. So God is not just building a church. Yes sir. He's raising up manifested son of God. Amen. Restored to their original condition. Lord, if people want to be satisfied with church, then they can have church. But God is not satisfied with that. That's when that's when you stagnate the Holy Ghost. When when there's a move of God and God does something, you're happy with it. You're excited, but you don't keep following the leading of the spirit. Yes. We must always follow the leading of the spirit. Amen. Yes. When you think that is all God has done and you are still here on the earth, then you must follow the spirit. But if you if you are still here on the earth and think that you've got all that God and you you denominate around that certain doctrine, then you stagnate the move of the of God. You stagnate the move of the Holy Ghost. Amen. But the Holy Ghost is moving. Amen. Is bringing us people until you have the translation. Amen. Until you have the body change. Amen. Prophet of God thought that redemption is not just salvation. Amen. But a complete restoration. Glory. Back to what Adam lost. Amen. To full dominion as sons of God. Amen. Therefore, we had to come in stages. Now, to have access that full authority, to access that full dominion, you had to come and be tutoed. Amen. You have to come through the word and and how the Holy Ghost is working. It's the Holy Ghost that's tutoring you. But you got to look beyond the veil and see how the Holy Ghost is ting you. The Holy Ghost is tutoring you through the five-fold ministry. Which is now positionally placing you into your rightful part of the body. Amen. That you come into alignment to your theophony. Amen. That your the the part of the body you must be fly framed. Do not fall into somebody else's part of the body. Amen. Fall into your rightful place. Amen. That's what the Holy Ghost has come to do to positionally place you. Amen. And when the and you as a son and daughter of God come and apply the true token which gives you access which gives you which is a literal life of Christ in you. Amen. You throw away the trash of the world. Throw away the trash of Leia. Amen. Yes. And then now you have rightful claims to the true token. Amen. Amen. And then when you have rightful claims to the true token, then you are position and then you are positionally placed. Then God is able now to now manifest himself through you. Give you access to full authority. Yes. Amen. Cuz you are rightful heirs. But there are conditions to these. Amen. That you must apply the token. That you must come to maturity in this hour. You must come to adoption. Every son of God must come to adoption. Amen. And let me say this as you as the son of God cannot come to adoption. And now if you are being tutoed through the five-fold ministry until the five-fold ministry comes to adoption, you cannot be adopted because you are being t the Holy Ghost is working beyond the veil. Amen. You're working through the five-fold ministry. So he's placed shepherds in every church. Amen. He He's given people shepherds to to watch over the his flock. So he must come and adopt the shepherd first. Yes. Amen. Cuz the shepherd's going to positionally place the people. Amen. The Holy Ghost is working through the shepherd. The didn't the prophet say you cannot be higher than your pastor. Amen. So and he said your pastor will see you through. So the the shepherd has to be adopted first. Yes. Amen. See if the shepherd does not come to adoption, how can the people be adopted? So God does everything in perfect order. Amen. Thank you, Lord. This is a God of order. Amen. He's not a God of chaos. Amen. Cuz this is remember God is preparing you. You are people of a kingdom. You are not people of a of a of a of a land of democracy. You belong to a kingdom. You need to be kingdom minded and know how father operates in his kingdom. Yes, sons. If you was born in the royal family, from the time you are small, little little child, you'll be growing up learning about how to perform royal duties and the royal function from the time you are little. Yes, that's right. Amen. And only when you are ready and mature enough and now able to to function in the royal functions, then you can have certain authority. Amen. But God given us full access. Nothing is withdrawal from us. Amen. But we have to come in that stages. Amen. We have to come to maturity. We have to come to adoption. Amen. So the church will have to come to a place where is not just a church anymore. Amen. But it becomes Christ, the word made flesh again. Hallelujah. This bride will be the super church, a super race. Amen. Amen. That's what the prophet of God said. And he says redemption is not bringing man just to be a good Christian. Amen. This is what we are taught. Amen. In the message. Redemption is not that. Because if you want to be a good Christian, there a lot of people can can act out to be a good Christian. Yes. But redemption is bringing a man to where he fell from, what he was, and sorry, and what he truly is. Amen. Which is a son of God. Hallelujah. Amen. But you come, you've got to now be born into this kingdom. You've got to be born again. You can't bypass. Yes. And God doesn't let you bypass any stages in this redemptive work. Because only when you are remember your first birth put you in the natural body, right? And through the natural body you come to the old nature. But your new birth, Amen. Amen. It brings you now into this special class of people. Amen. Into the special race. Amen. Amen. Because you come now through the royal seed of Abraham which is through Christ. Amen. That's right. And through the new birth now you are now a different species on the earth. Different from every other human being on the earth. Hallelujah. Different from every mortal that's walking the earth today. Amen. Amen. Because now through the new birth now he puts he takes your stony heart away and gives you out of flesh. Now we can put his spirit in you because your spirit was contrary to his spirit. His spirit couldn't have fellowship with your spirit. But by the new birth now he takes your stony heart gives you out of flesh. Now he can put his spirit in you. Now you don't be contrary to each other. Amen. Amen. There won't be enmity between each other. Amen. And then now you start when you have this new birth, now you can bring this body under subjection. You can bring this body under dominion again. Amen. So you're finding that Ezekiel's vision is purely showing us that God is raising this invincible army. Yes. Amen. We know it's typing Israel and he's typing us. Amen. But this invincible army that was laid dormant, laid dead in in his dry valley in Leia in denominational graves is now rising up. Amen. Yes, Lord. He's risen up. Amen. Through the mechanics that brought them up. Amen. And now with the mighty outpouring of the Holy Spirit, it'll be what? What will be the dynamics? The hard pouring of the Holy Spirit again. The refilling of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Yes. Amen. to bring her now to quick it comes with a quickening power. Yes. Amen. When she's positionally placed when the when the sons of God are positionally placed. Amen. When they positionally place and they come to mature spiritual maturity, now they can now rightfully access full authority of the word. Amen. Amen. Full authority and be a manifestation of the word on in his day. Amen. Yes, Lord. and exercise the authority of the father. Amen. Now you can conduct father's business. Amen. Amen. Now you can say I'm not about my own business. I'm about my father's business. Amen. Amen. What was the value of dry bones typing? It was a church without power. Church formal. A church dead. Dead in dry bones in little sea. Amen. representing a people who had lost the inheritance. Amen. That's what it is. Representing a people had lost everything. Ezekiel 37:2 says, "And God caused me to pass by them round about and behold, they were very many in the open valley, and lo, they were very dry." So, we know this was the fallen condition of Adam's race. Yes. Because what sinner did is strip mankind of power and dominion. That's what sin did to us. But God had a plan of restoration. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So what is the if you look at Ezekiel there, he's talking about prophesying again. Go back to the pro to the scripture there. Let's go to verse 9. Then he said unto me, "Prophesy unto the wind. Prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, thus say the Lord God, come from the four winds, all breath, and breed upon these slain that they may live." So I prophesy as he commanded me. And the breath came into them, and they lived and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army. Amen. This army must be on their feet. This army must be about the father's business. Amen. Amen. This body, this army is not slack concerning the promises. This army is not slotful. Amen. This army is like the the the the one where God has given that person that person took the talents and and and put it and made great investments out of the talents. Amen. That was given to him. Amen. He brought forth a multiplication of the talents. Amen. Yes. So this is not thoughtful in the father's business. Amen. So you find that we're talking about the Holy Ghost restoring the sons. That's what the wind is typing. Amen. It's the Holy Ghost that's come now to restore the sons of God. Amen. Because we know the word was there. The mechanics was good enough. It was bringing the structure, placing you, bringing the body. Amen. But you had to have the move of the spirits. Amen. The mechanics alone is not good enough. You need the dynamics to hit the mechanics. Amen. To bring life into it. Amen. Amen. To bring it now to become manifested. Amen. So you find that we might have been stiff, starchy in our own ways of thinking. Amen. Denominational ways of thinking. But then the mechanics came and brought us into structure. Amen. But then he says, Ezekiel 37:9 said, "Then he said unto me, prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, say to the wind, thus say the Lord God, come from the four winds of breath and breathe upon the slain that they may live." What is that typing? The dynamics, the refilling of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Because we know there's two parts of this prophecy. Ezekiel 37:4 to8, which brought the bones together, forming a structured body, but it was lifeless. Right. The second part of the prophecy Ezekiel 37 9 and 10 which called the wind which entered the bodies and turned them into a mighty army. Amen. Into an invincible army. So we had the word all these years. We had the mechanics. But there was a season. Amen. There was a season when now the the prophet did his part. He went off the scene. But there was a season now. He said I'll run the trail again. The Holy Ghost come and ride the trail again. Amen. Amen. And it was the move of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And it was happening all over the world. Like a mighty rushing wind. Amen. As the prophet said it would be. Amen. And we find the move of the spirit. Amen. Because why? We had the former rain which was the teaching rain. Now the latter rain. Amen. The former rain and the latter rain must come together. Amen. To bring what? The quickening power. To bring the quickening power in this body. So that now she can be this invincible army. She can go forth and prophesy again before nation, tongues and kings. Revelation 10 8-11. You must take your part. Amen. Yes sir. Because Revelation 10 1-7 was bringing this bringing the structure bringing the word structure for what? For Revelation 8:10 and 11 for you and I. Yes. To come to our part. Amen. Amen. where the spirit comes again into his body. Amen. Whether the move of the spirit and who's leading who's leading this move the mighty angels have come down who was with Revelation 10:7 he's now with Revelation 108 and 11. Amen. Because why? The angel of God must lead the children of God. He said, "I will send my angel before you." Amen. Amen. And when you are led by the angel of God, that's the Holy Ghost that is leading you. Amen. Amen. And he's bringing you now to manifest your part of prophecy. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And you couldn't do it until you are to come in the age of adoption. You couldn't do it until sons of God had to come to maturity. Amen. Because why? This takes sons of man, son of man ministry again to prophesy. Amen. Amen. Thou must prophesy again before nation, tongues, and kings. Amen. This is a prophetic ministry. That's why this sons of God must have a prophetic voice again on the earth. Amen. Amen. So it shows that mechanics alone is not good enough. We must have the Holy Ghost to bring life and power. Amen. Amen. Others will kill the move of the spirit. That's right. We can be satisfied with word. We can be satisfied. We had the word. We had the opening of the word. Yes, we add the message of the hour that's come. We can be satisfied with that, but we don't mix the word with faith. What happens? Amen. He said the spirit, the letter, the the letter kill it, but the spirit giveth life. Amen. So you must have the move of the spirit to bring life to this word. Amen. So you operate this word in faith. Amen. Amen. And in this hour, a people that's rising up coming to perfect faith in this hour. Amen. In Acts 2 1:4, it says the Holy What happened in Acts 2 1 and4? We know the illustration there where the Holy Spirit came as a mighty rushing wind filling the believers. Amen. And what happened when they went out and wrote the book of Acts? Amen. They went out and great manifestation took place. Amen. Then the prophet says there'll be another book of acts. Amen. Let's go to that quote where he says that. He says, "Now remember this Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of acts. But the book of revelation shows how that the antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it." Yes. making it lukewarm, formal and powerless. So God don't like formal religion. He doesn't like powerless religion. Amen. God didn't give us a gospel that is powerless. Yes. Amen. He gave us a gospel that takes us out of cold letters. Dead letter formal letters. Amen. And he liberate us to the spirits. That's why he said the true worship worshippers shall worship in spirit and in truth. Amen. People that receive true freedom in this hour. A people that is liberated from denominational Amen. from all this uh denominational walls. Amen. The walls were broken down. Amen. That's why there'll be a people accepted say once more Lord. Amen. Let there be a move of your spirit Lord. Once more Lord. Amen. Let there be a mighty move of your spirit, Lord. If if there was a son of God in this day that stood there and said to the storm, "Be still." If there was a son of God that stood in this day and spoke squittles into existence. Yes. Yes. If there was a son of God in this day and said, "Little fishy, I give you back your life." Yes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Then then there must be a move of the spirit again into manifested sons of God. Amen. Y must prophesy again. Amen. There must be a move of the spirit in other sons of God. Mark 11:23. If you say to those mountain be thou removed. Amen. Amen. There must be a time and season for that. And it must be an opening this hour. Amen. I don't believe that God has brought us. You got to recognize the move of God and recognize the move of the spirit where he brought us. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Cuz the prophet came to do his part and he's come into and he manifested the part where a son of God was brought back to Adam condition where he could speak to the killer bull. Amen. He could speak to the ons. Amen. Amen. When Adam was there, what was in Adam's original condition? He could say to the mountain, "You go there. You go there, tree. I want you in this." Eve doesn't like that mountain. It's blocking the view. Eve doesn't like that tree. It's blocking the view from the mountain. You go there. Adam could speak to that. We could have a son of God in this day. Yes. That could come and speak to the storm. Amen. Speak to the squirrels. Speak to the pool. Amen. Amen. So other sons of God must come. Amen. Amen. All nature is groaning for sons of God to come into manifestation. They've been waiting for this hour. Amen. This world cannot go on as normal. Amen. Sons of God needs to come into their position. Amen. Amen. Gospel must go back to the Jews. The gospel can't go back to the Jews as long as sons of God don't fulfill their parts. But we saying once more, Lord. Amen. Just like Samson. Once more, Lord. Amen. So you find he says here it exposes Satan revealing his works attempted destruction of God's people and a discrediting of God's word right down to the time he is cast into the lake of fire. He fights that he cannot stand it. He knows that if the people get the true revelation of the true church, what she is, what she stand for, and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. Amen. Amen. Amen. Once you were dead in divinations, sorry, denominations, but the greater work, she will be an invincible army if they get a true revelation of the two spirits with the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit. Satan will be powerless before her. Amen. He will be as definitely twarted today as when Christ withtood this every effort to gain power over him in the desert. Yes, Satan hates revelation. But we love it. With true revelation alive, the gates of hell shall not prevail against it against us, but we will prevail over them. So you see the gates of hell cannot prevail against revelation. And therefore you find such a move of God now where there's such an opening, amen, of revelation where the word once we saw it dimly but now it's becoming more clearer to us. Where the Lord is opening all his resources. Amen. This inexhaustible fountain of life is becoming more clearer. You be begin to see your part of the prophecy. You begin you begin to see what the father requires of you. Yes. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So we know the the the mechanics represent the framework the word doctrine understanding of truth. Amen. That's what the mechanics is. Brought us into true doctrine. Unadulterated word took away every ism every every creed every dogma. Amen. Brought us into true doctrine. Amen. Amen. biblical doctrine where scripture must line up with scripture. Amen. Everything the prophet said must line up with the Bible. Amen. And the understanding of truth in his hour. What is the dynamics? It's the anointing of the spirit, the wind that gives life to what is already in place. So you it gives life to already the word that's already in you. It quickens that word with a quickening power and brings it into manifestation. Amen. Amen. That's why you say now if you say this mountain be thou removed, it shall be removed. Amen. That is the word. You took that same word and now you're operating that word with the spirit in you. Amen. It brings life to that word. Amen. Amen. When the Holy Ghost is in you and you have rightful claims to the redemptive blessings and you have come to a son that's now in maturity, now is standing as a mature son of God. Say now mountain you be thou removed. The obstacle in your life, the mountain in your life that you are facing this morning, you say, "Mountain, I stand as a manifested son of God in this hour. Mountain, you've been troubling me too long. You've been on my way too long, and now I want you to be removed." Amen. Yes, Lord. It must move. Thank you, Lord. It must obey. Thank you, Jesus. A son of God's voice. That's right. Amen. It must recognize a son of God's voice. Because when you are speaking, it is Christ speaking through you. Because why? What did Adam lose? He lost the Holy Ghost. So if the Holy Ghost is in you and speaking through you, that voice, that demon that you are challenging this morning must be removed. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. That demon that's troubling your loved one, that demon that you stand in the gap for, it must be removed. If you stand as a son of God and said, "Demon, I am a son of God and I recognize my position according to the word of God. I know who I am in this hour." And demon, just like how when Jesus was here on the earth, he challenged you and you had to obey. Now as a son of God, I challenge you in the name of Jesus. I adore you in the name of Jesus to leave my family member. Yes. Amen. It must go. Amen. Because this bride in this hour is moving beyond mechanics into full dynamics of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Thank you for She wants to operate the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Jesus said that those born of the spirit are like the wind. You can hear it but you cannot tell where it goes from. Amen. John 3:8. This means the Holy Ghost moves sovereignly beyond human control. Amen. We must be sensitive to the move of the spirit. Yes. Amen. We are sensitive to a lot of things. We need to desensitize ourselves to things of this world and be sensitive to the moving of the spirit. Amen. You got to understand the nature of the spirit. Understand the nature of God works into in continuation. Right? God works in continuation. And even your walk is progressive. God gives light as light is needed. Even our walk in the word, our knowledge of the truth, yes, is a progressive walk. You'll find that in certain season, God open up certain things, certain frontiers of the word that we never saw before. Yes. But he opens it up as light is needed. Didn't the prophet say that as light is needed, light will be given? Yes. And it become more clearer as it come to the coming of the Lord. It become more clearer. Amen. So that's what's happening now. So you find that you must be sensitive to the move of the spirit. If the spirit is taking you in a certain direction saying right, you are people that call out, you are people that need now to throw out the trash. You are people that I need to work with you. I need to use you. I need you completely surrendered. I need you to come into submission. Amen. You got to be sensitive because God has chosen you already. Yes. And he's not going to go and choose somebody else. Amen. He's chose you and he's been able to perform that which he has chosen. Amen. Amen. But you got to come to surrender. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. And you got to come into full submission because he wants to use you. Because why? God wants to do a mighty work through you. Amen. Yes. He's revealing the things to you because he wants to use you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. When he chose the children of Israel, he never choose them and said, "Okay, now that you disobeyed me, I'll choose another army." No, he chastised them when he needed to chastise them. And that's what will happen to you if you don't follow him. You will get chastisement. But he will wait for you to repent. If my people who are called by my name should humble himself and pray, repent of the wicked ways, I will hear the prayer and I will heal the land. Amen. So you got to be sensitive to the move of the spirits. Amen. Because why? He's keep filling you up, refreshing all the time. Amen. Week after week as you hear his word is becoming more clearer to you. Amen. Amen. So we know that the former rain was the word restoration which has come. Amen. But the letter in the spirit which is quickening the quickening power is right here. Amen. He's moving amongst us. Amen. Amen. Joel 223:25 God promised the former and letter rain in the same season. The final wind is blowing. Prepare the bride for what? For translation power. Preparing us to leave. Amen. From the earthly Amen. from this earthly dimension. Thank you, Lord. This dimension what you you you access through your five senses, but through the six sense. Amen. Amen. You're going to access another dimension. Amen. Amen. Through the heavenly dimension. Amen. Can you believe that? Yes. It's the word of God. Yes. Amen. Amen. You're going to defile everything. Amen. You're going to defile the laws of the earth. Amen. The laws of nature. You're going to defy all of that by changing from this dimension to another. Your mortal body. Amen. Which is the final part of our adoption. Amen. You can't go to the final part of your adoption if you're not coming to the other part of your adoption. Coming to a son of God in maturity. Amen. Where the Holy Ghost said, "This is my beloved son. Y him." Yes. If you haven't come to that part, how are you going to come to the final part? With the final part is the changing of the body. Amen. Then the Bible say we with we wait for the redemption of our body. Amen. Amen. So we're waiting for that part. You can't have faith for healing. The prophet said it again like this. He said you can't have they can't have faith for a toothache. How they going to have rapturing faith? Why why he said that was what is the final part? What is the rapture? Your body to go in the rapture, this body must be healed. Yes. Amen. Because from the time sin came in the garden of Eden, dead came in. In other words, you die daily. As you grow, you age, you're dying. Cells are dying. You're dying daily. But the redemption of the body is the final healing of this body where the body is totally healed. So you can't have faithful healing when people deny healing which is only a sign of how God is totally going to heal this mortal body. Amen. By changing it from mortal to immortality. Amen. Yet healing in the normal healing he that person gets healed is a temporary healing. But this healing is a permanent healing. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Because Lazarus at that time was raised up, but he still died. Yeah. Many people healed in the Bible, the the the man at the gate are beautiful. He was raised up from from from being a leper, but he died. Many other people in the prophets came meetings, they were healed, but they now gone. They're of the sin. That healing is temporal. But this healing, hallelujah. Amen. with this mortal body is going to be healed. Amen. But how it's how it's happening? The transforming power. Amen. By the quickening power of God through the word. Amen. The word that's in you right now is doing a transformation. The very word that you're eating of, the word that you're partaking of, Amen. that word is going to change the mortal body. Amen. Amen. Is going to be a total healing. Amen. Hallelujah. Because if we go on any longer, 20 years from now, many of us won't be here. But we have a promise. Amen. Even those that are gone on, they will be quickened. They will be they will be resurrected. Amen. We without them. We I mean they will be resurrected. We they won't uh they will come before us. Amen. We won't hinder them. We shall not hinder them that sleep. They will come first and then they and us will be quickened. Go [Music] together. So we find that Ezekiel's bones came together in Ezekiel's prophecy. These bones came together. They stood when the when the spirit came upon them. They they stood as an exceeding army. And we find right now what has prophesied that this bride will be an invincible army. She'll be a super church. She will be a super race in this hour when the move of God is here when the Holy Ghost is here back on his people. Amen. And the Holy Ghost is moving again. And you must know that the Holy Ghost is moving again because it comes with an anointing. And it's the anointing that breaks the yoke of bondage. Amen. Amen. You might have thought that you'll be in bondage sometime. The devil thought he can keep you in bondage, but you but it's the anointing that comes and breaks the yoke of bondage. That's why he said whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall be bound on heaven. Whatsoever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Amen. Amen. So you find there's a mighty moving of the spirit again. What it has done? It is now positioning us for the refilling. Amen. Positioning us, refilling us. So what? Christ can be manifested again. Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's what the world must see. Christ in you. Amen. That's why he said the greater works than these, yay shall do. Yes. That's right. Not the world will do. Greater works than this. He said y shall do. Yes. Because he left it for you. He left that other part for the body. Amen. Amen. He left that that part was for the body. Amen. That was for sons of God when they will receive title deed again when they will come back to the original condition again. The reason why they're going to do a greater works because Adam was no ordinary man. Amen. He was superior to everything that was created. Adam walked upon the earth an amateur god. Amen. Adam was a god to the animal world. He was a god to all creatures on the earth. Amen. He was a super race upon the earth. Amen. And that's what every son and daughter of God is upon the earth. You're walking in the earth right now when every mortal human being bound up by demon powers. Yes. Not knowing what is going on on the earth. Not knowing they're walking blindly. Not knowing they're walking to death. But you are superior to them because the Holy Ghost in you makes you a super race. Amen. And he never asked for an invisible soldier. He said an invincible soldier. He said an invincible army. Amen. In other words, it's not a one-man ministry now. It's not a oneman invasion now. Yes, sir. Amen. This is an exceeding great army. Yes. Doing the greater works. Amen. Manifesting Christ on the earth. Amen. So Christ will have a showdown right here in Satan Eden. Right here in Satan's Eden. Christ must have a showdown. Satan knew crept in God's Eden. God already knew that because God's plan was you are my boy. I'm going to be I have an attribute. My attribute is to be a savior. You're just a boy that I'm using. You're just a tool in my hand. But he thought he crept into God's hidden. But now an invisible union in Satan's Amen. An invis in sorry invisible union of the bride of Christ. Amen. And a union took place and this invis invincible invisible union. In this union, it produced what? Sons of God. Amen. It produced Christ again. Amen. Christ again upon the earth. Amen. Adam couldn't do that because Adam was growing in stature. But in this time to the second Adam. Amen. Amen. The one who conquered all things. Amen. The one who conquered dead, hell, and the grave. The one who who said where it was said, all power in heaven and earth is given unto him. Amen. Amen. Through him. Amen. Sons of God when the word is being preached now, spoken word, sons of God can come out through the preaching of the spoken word. Amen. Sons of God, come out. A manifestation in this hour. But you start off as a baby. You start off drinking the sincere milk. You start off by the new birth. Amen. And then you grow up in stature, stature of a perfect man. Amen. Growing up in higher dimensions of the Holy Ghost coming to maturity, exercising that full authority now where the father said, "This is my beloved son here in him. I give him full access. Whatever he says, obey him." Amen. Amen. Everything must obey the voice of a son of God. A son of God that's come to maturity in this hour. Amen. So there must be a final move of God. There must be a final outpouring of the spirit. Amen. A great exceeding army. Zechariah 4:6 says, "Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, say the Lord of hosts." Amen. Just like in Genesis 2:7 when God formed Adam, but he remained lifeless until the breath of God entered into him. So this bride having the structure becoming the body would have been lifeless until the refilling of the Holy Ghost comes in to bring life to the mechanics to bring life into all the word that you had. All the word that was in you now you are operating that words. Now you are bringing it to fulfillion. Amen. To flutation in this hour where you could walk now to the sick and say silver and gold have I none but such as I have I give unto you in the name of Jesus. Rise up from that condition. Yes. Amen. This is the hour he says shall we leap over walls. This is the hour where lips may put together. Amen. This is the hour where even if someone is gone, died, went of the sin, you'll be able to raise up the dead. Sons of God have come in this hour now. Amen. Amen. If it happened in any time in the Bible, it must happen again. Because it's the same Holy Ghost. Amen. Now we find that all this is happening under the power of the shout because the shout has come to quicken us. It comes with a quickening power. Amen. Just like how Mary I mean sorry mother go to call Mary. Amen. Bring her sister to echo the same words that Jesus said. Go and call her and tell her all that the master what the master is here. And we find that this power now this shout has power. that quickening power. How we could take the violent sinner. Amen. How we could transform his life that he could no longer desire to walk the way he used to walk. He no longer desires to live the way he used to live. And everyone thought that that person will never be changed. Everybody spoke evil of this person. Didn't want to come near this person. How can God take the violiner and transform them? the power of the shout. Amen. Amen. He does quickening power. Amen. Amen. Raise you from a dead system of this world and raise you back as a son of God. Give you raise you to your full potential. The shout, what's that? The message of the hour catching the living saints in this hour. Amen. What is the shout? It's a restoration message that awakens the bride and gathers them together. In other words, he gathered the bones from all the corners of the earth. He went around the world gathering all the bones, putting them in the rightful places. Maybe for a period of time, people came together and suddenly came up from a denominations and so forth and then you'll find that people say, "Hey, in the denomination I used to preach, that qualification doesn't qualify you here." Yeah. In the denomination, maybe this person had a loud voice and could speak nice elephant with words. He don't qualify you. Yeah. Amen. Yeah. The Holy Ghost comes and through this prophetic voice. Amen. He must put the bones in the rightful places. Amen. Amen. Yes. Amen. Maybe there's been ministries like that. People just coming out and saying that this person, okay, you can preach, you'll preach, carry on like that, but you're watched by the fruit. You shall know them. Right? So, but yeah, the bone must come bone upon bone upon bone. Amen. It must come fitly framed together. Amen. So, it gather, it awakens the bride and gathers the bones together. That's why Matthew 25:6 says, "And at midnight there was a cry made. Behold, the bride bridegroom cometh, go out to meet him." Amen. So we know there was a cry made firstly and then the bride had to be shut in with him. Amen. And when she was shut in with him, she come under the shikina glory. Where in the shikina glory it's a it's a world of endless possibilities because in the shikina glory did not Aaron's rod bud. Yes. Oh yes. Amen. Then the supernatural takes place. Amen. That means something dead comes to life. In the shikina glory, there's nothing dead. In the shikina glory, nothing is still. The mana is fresh. Amen. Amen. The mana doesn't get still. Yes, Lord. In the shina glory. Amen. You can't die. You can't age. Everything, all things are possible. This word can't age. It just stays fresh and fresh. Amen. It becomes, it's fresh all the time. Amen. And it doesn't require man's rights because it's his life. Amen. Amen. Glory. Thank you. So we know the 107 says, "But in the days of the voice of the seven angels, the mystery of God should be finished." The shout ministry has gone forth to gather the bride. Now the Holy Ghost quickening sons of God into position to come and fulfill Revelation 10:8-11. Thou must prophesy against before nations, tongues, and kings. Why you must prophesy again? You know the names in a book. You go to call the names in a book. Amen. You are calling them with that same quickening power. The quickening power of the word to call them to life. Amen. Amen. Call them out out of the dead situation. Hallelujah. Because why? That is your position in our Amen. Thou must prophesy again. Ezekiel 37:4 says, "Prophesy unto these upon his bone and say unto him, oh ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord." Revelation 108:11 says, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and kings." The prophet told us, "The bride has a ministry." Amen. As well, amen. Yes. She must have her own ministry. We couldn't look in a in a bygone ministry. She must have her own ministry. Amen. Because she has to fulfill her part of the ministry. And the final phase of the ministry which is coming and now in the part playing the part of sons of God, manifested sons of God is to what? Bringing the life of the word to full manifestation. Bringing that same word, the word that was stored up into full manifestation in this hour. And one of these days, oh my word, one of these days, all that we preaching about, all that we hearing about to the years of preaching, many people say, "Where is the sign of his coming?" People said, "Where are the days of miracles?" Where are the miracles? Miracles have been happening daily. That's right. Amen. Manifestations of the word is happening daily. You got to be sensitive to the move of the spirit. Thank you, Lord. Sensitive to the way the Holy Spirit is moving because God works in simplicity. Amen. God doesn't change in his ways. Amen. He doesn't come with something to put on a big show. God works in simplicity. Behind closed doors. Oh, the the widow woman was there. She took a last meal. She was going to give a last meal to the prophet of God. Amen. And she took the two sticks to light up the fire to to to cook that meal. The the two sticks is typing Christ on the cross to sacrifice because it was typing death because when she used the sticks to cook, it was going to be dead to her. But behind closed doors, when she was obedient, come into full obedience to the word of the prophet, which is the word of God. Amen. When she come into full obedience and surrender to the word, full submission to the word, what happened? The supernatural took place behind closed doors. Amen. Praise be to God. Amen. Let's turn to Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. What a wonderful Savior we have. Glorify. What a wonderful Lord we have. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We come to a living in a day of endless possibilities under the shikana glory. Sons of God have been manifested on the earth become that invincible army. Amen. An exceeding great army. Amen. Each one in the rightful positions like our Joshua put the people in their positions. Amen. Positionally placed the people. The Holy Ghost is here positionally placing his people. Amen. positionally placing the people into the rightful position so that they can fulfill their part of the prophecy and go about father's business. Amen. Can we sing that song all over the world? The spirit is [Music] moving all over the world. The spirit is moving all over the world as the prophet said he would be. Hallelujah. All over the world. There's a mighty revelation of the glory of the Lord [Music] and hear the rise. [Music] All over the world, the spirit is moving. All over the world, as the prophet said it would be. Halleluah. All over the world there's a mighty revelation of the glory of the Lord as the [Music] one in my heart the his glory. Deep down in my heart as the cross said it with me deep down in my heart. There's a mighty reation of the glory of the Lord as the waters. Amen. Amen. You believe that? There's a mighty move of the spirits all over the world. Amen. And you feel the move of God today? Amen. Amen. And you feel that quickening power. Yes. Amen. Cuz why? His spirit is quickening us. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. I know it was the blood. Amen. [Music] I know it was the love. I know it was love. I know it was the love for [Music] me. One day I was lost. Jesus died upon the cross. I know he was alive for me. [Music] Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon us. I know it was the blood. for me. He wasn't [Music] happy when I was born again. That day when I was born [Music] again when I was born again, it was a great day when I was born again. The things I used to do, the things I used to do, I do more. The things I used to do, I do them no more. The things I used to do, I do them no more. It was a glad day when I was born. Oh, give me joy in my joy in my lamb. Give me money. Give me all my lamb. I pray. Give me all my [Music] lavos. So let us sing hosana. [Music] Single down. Single down to the king of sing. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Wonderful. Thank you. Amen. We'll ask our brother Holy to close in prayer also remembering that request forth. Amen. Yes. Amen. Lord of redemption. Thank you Lord. Thank you so much. We pray you bless us even as we leave fatherless. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus Christ. Thank you father. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And as we living, we go and greet each other and we'll come again. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. It is mine. I told Satan to get me victory
