################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - In Changing Seasons the Word is our Constant - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    In Changing Seasons the Word is our Constant
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Short Clip
Duration: 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vt4IF_1nqY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. I greet you all in the lovely name, the holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we are not uh governed by weather conditions and uh changing seasons. Amen. But we are governed by the word of the Lord. Amen. So, we forsake not the assembling together of ourselves. So greet you once again in Jesus name. Amen. So I want to speak on in changing seasons the word is our constant. Amen. And I want to declare over this church that the season has changed. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. The season has changed but sometimes you got to recognize the season changing. Amen. If we don't we'll miss it. Amen. Praise the Lord. But in every changing season, the word is constant. Amen. Amen. In fact, the word can also be used to change seasons, to change circumstances, because the word of God is the ultimate. He says, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will not pass away." Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just get to our Bible reading and we'll we'll read Isaiah 43. We'll read from verse 18. Amen. Brothers, if you can just get me the HDMI. Remember he not the former things, neither consider the things of old. Now, how many of us like to sit and and remember our past? We constantly want to move forward like a crab looking back. Amen. We we're always trying to bring our sin and our past life above the blood of Jesus because we don't realize the cleansing power of Jesus. He says, "Remember he not the former things, neither consider the things of old. Behold, I will do a new thing." Hallelujah. Thank you. People want to still go back to denomination style, but he's done a new thing when he opened the seals. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He said, "A new land was open to us." Praise the Lord. Now it shall spring forth. Shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness. That's changing seasons now. And rivers in the deserts. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. In Ecclesiastes chapter 3 and verse one, it says, "To everything there is a season. Amen. You mean there's a season over my finances? Well, well, what does the word everything mean? You mean there's a season to uh different situations in my life? Now, a season, I want you to know, normally last three months. In the natural, hallelujah. So, if you are stuck in a season for too long, something is wrong. Amen. A season is supposed to last for 3 months and then the next season comes upon you. And nothing can stop the power of a season coming upon you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So we're looking at it says to everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven. Hallelujah. So you're trying to get out of your situation, trying to get out of your problem, but God is saying there's a purpose for it. So in other words, if we are not learning the lesson that God is trying to teach us, he's going to keep us in that season. If we are stubborn, arrogant, and don't want to conform to the things of God, he's going to keep us in that holding pattern in that season until we learn to obey his word. You say, give me an example. 40 years the children wandered in the wilderness, children of Israel, and if you know something, they were wandering around the mountain. Yes, they were going in a circle and God kept them there because of disobedience. Amen. And the prophet says it could have been a three-day journey, but yet it took them 40 years. Amen. Because they didn't understand how to obey God's word in changing seasons. You can continue to read it and see the different things. Amen. and a time to be born. You know, all of these things very popular when it drop down to verse 11. But throughout all the seasons, God, we've been speaking about shaping and molding us. Look what verse 11 says that he had made everything beautiful in his time. Amen. Praise the Lord. So is God holding their seasons changing because he's making our lives beautiful according to his timeline. Amen. Praise the Lord. Also he had set the world. He had made everything beautiful in his time. Also he had set the world in their heart so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end. Amen. I want to read one more portion of scripture here in uh the book of Daniel chapter 2. Praise the Lord. From verse 19. Amen. Then was a secret the secret revealed unto Daniel in the night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven. Daniel answered and said, "Blessed be the God name of God forever and ever, for his wisdom and might are his, and he changed the times and the seasons." So who is changing this? God is changing it. He spoke his word in the beginning. He said the greater light I'll set in the skies. And he says the lesser light will be for times and seasons. Praise the Lord. So by his spoken word, he's saying he changes times and seasons. He removeth kings and setth up kings. He giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that knowing. He revealth the deep and secret things. He knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him. I thank thee and praise thee, oh God of my fathers, who has given me wisdom and might, and has made me and has made known unto me now what we desire of thee. For thou has now made known unto us the king's matter. Amen. I can jump right ahead there. Amen. But I'm trying not to get there. But the mind of Christ has been revealed to us. Amen. The king's matter has been revealed to us. Every mystery plan of redemption, everything that was held once in the back part of God's mind has now been made known to us. Amen. The king's matter, the king's heart has been revealed to us. Amen. The king has held nothing from us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. The entire plan of redemption, the plan of salvation has been revealed to us. And it's come down to make us understand that we are part of the mystery of God. Hallelujah. God's final dwelling place is in man. Hallelujah. God wants to have the preeminence in us. God wants to have rulership through us. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Now, so we've got this here. I just want to lay this quote down then we can continue. Amen. Tell me if you can see it. I need to duplicate or what do I do? Duplicate. Praise the Lord. Is it coming? Yeah. Now he says here the prophet is saying this now in the message the hour has come. He says now Jesus was speaking. He said father the time has come. Now there's seasons for everything. Do you believe that you sow in a certain season and you reap in a certain season? So the Bible also says don't grow weary in doing well. Amen. For in due time you shall reap. Amen. So always sow good seeds in every season because there's going to come a harvest. So continue to sow good seeds. Continue to do good deeds. Amen. That's sewing seeds. continue to sew the word of God in people's heart because you are sowing now. Amen. In in springtime, but summer is coming, when whatsoever you have sown, you are going to reap. So I'm saying again, don't sow anger. Don't sow discord. Don't sow, Amen. depression and anxiety. Because at our time, you are going to have a tree that's a miss. So sow good seeds. Speak good words. You know your words are a seed. Speak good words over people. Speak kindness over people. Amen. Don't ever say that person is beyond redemption or beyond salvation or they're good for nothing. Amen. Speak good words and say, "I see you coming to serve the Lord. I see." Amen. You're a son of God. You're a daughter of God. Amen. Hallelujah. He says there's seasons for everything. Do you believe that you sow in a certain season? Yes. And you reap in a certain season. And there's seasons when the time comes that's right for things to happen. Do you believe that? Now, if we are waiting for a particular season to come and it doesn't happen, do we get despondent? Do we get depressed? Do we get frustrated? The human part of it wants frustrations and say, "Lord, how long? But the spiritual man says, "Lord, I know you are working everything together for my good." Hallelujah. Now, he says here, we have families. Every family in here is accustomed to that. Sometimes everything will run fine for you for years. So, you're in a good season. Then all at once, you lit a spell where we say it many times in the south, when it rains, it pours and everything goes wrong. He says you're going through a night time, then there's a daybreak, then a night time. Everything runs in continuity. Amen. Hallelujah. So God has got you there for a purpose. Amen. God knows you're a son of daughter of God and you're not moved by circumstances. Hallelujah. Lord, remember earth is man's testing ground after the fall. Yes, he put you here on the earth for a reason. He chose you. He didn't choose the Apostle Paul for this time and season. Neither did he choose the other church age messengers to stand here at the end time after the opening of the word. But he chose you because you have a particular seed gene within you that's able to withstand this day, that's able to withstand Satan's Eden. You have a rare quality about you. You don't have the spirit of a lion, the anointing of a lion. Neither did you have the anointing of a ox. You don't have the anointing of a man. But the spirit of the flying eagle has come to anoint you in this hour. Amen. To take you out into the heavenlies. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, we got to recognize who we are. Amen. Praise the Lord. Is this thing misbehaving? Let's just leave it for now, right? I just wanted to set my quotes and then it's fine. Hallelujah. So he's saying there's continuity in everything. There's a season for everything. Now sometimes because of stubbornness like we said the children of Israel, you can remain in your pattern. That's right. The prophet of God says you can continue to smoke but get the Holy Ghost on you one time. And see if you want to smoke again. So if you got continue to have bad habits, don't think you got the Holy Ghost. You can't fool yourself. You can't fool us because the Holy Ghost won't want to smoke. The Holy Ghost won't want to drink. Hallelujah. So, the thing that you need to do is humble yourself and say, "Lord, give me the Holy Ghost." Hallelujah. You got bad habits. You You're continuing in a cycle. Amen. Pray for the Holy Ghost. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, like we were saying that when when the season changes, God wants us to live in abundance. God wants us to live in fruitfulness. We can't be living dry and barren lives when we have the full opening of the word. We're supposed to be living in abundance. Our lives ought to be rich. Our lives ought to be full of joy, full of happiness, full of peace. Amen. We are to be the light of the world in this time and season. Amen. Hallelujah. Now if you look at Luke chapter 15 there and from verse 17 the Bible says that this this uh we well they call him the prodigal he came to himself which mean his season had changed. How about we come to our senses even tonight. And realize what God has called us for. Amen. When he came to himself he starts to talk about father's house. He starts to talk about his heart being turned back to the faith. Amen. So when the season change, God is going to take you back to where you're supposed to be. And notice it's in verse 17. We don't have it here, but you find it in your Bible. 17. We know brother George Martin explained to us very well what 17 means. It's a system change. Things are changing. Amen. The number 17 means things changing. So it's found in verse 17. He came to himself. His mind changed. Praise the Lord. And he starts to talk about his father's house. He talks to about amen what his father has and what the servants are eating. And he says, "I will arise and go to my father." So he was going from lack to abundance. Even tonight you can go from lack to abundance. What was needed? A journey back to father's house. a journey of repentance. Amen. You can go from lack to abundance. Amen. You can go from famine to feast. He was sitting there eating pig food, but he was going on his way to a feast that he didn't know about. Hallelujah. Amen. He was sitting there with a servant mentality, but he was going to move from a servant to a son. Why? The season had changed. Hallelujah. Amen. So in the time appointed of the father, in the right time, Amen. It's the changing of seasons. So we are to prepare to receive our greatest blessing right now. Amen. Hallelujah. God is about to pour out his power upon the church in such a way right before Amen. they come to close the doors. Thank you, Jesus. He says, "Wait until that happens." The squeeze comes. He says, "Watch the third pulled in." Right now, we've seen all the mechanics of what they've been trying to do. Soon, you will see Satan in his dynamics. But you're going to see a greater dynamics in the church of Jesus Christ, in the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Hallelujah. He says they'll have power to shut the heavens. Amen. They'll have power to speak and it'll create itself. He says it won't be for a very long time. He says, "But it'll be there." Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, prepare to receive your greatest blessing. Amen. Obedience to the word of God. Hallelujah, sir. Will entitle you to everything that the prophet prophesied about this people. Amen. This end time people. Praise the Lord. So, the Lord is pouring out at this time is favor. Yes, sir. Do you know what about Do you know there's something about favor? When God pours out his favor upon you, it's unstoppable. Hallelujah. When this boy was coming back to his father, his father had comp the Bible says he had compassion. He hugged him and he kissed him. His favor was turned to his son. Hallelujah. And when God has favor upon you, nothing can stop it. He says, "Jacob have I loved and Esau have I hated." Amen. While they were yet in the mother's womb, God has favor upon you. Amen. The reason that you believe the message of the hour, the reason there's something there to respond to the call of the prophet because God has favor upon you, God has placed his mark upon you already. Amen. God has placed his seal upon you that you can never be lost. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, it's a time now when he's going to pour out his favor upon the repenting sons and daughters who have been whose hearts have been turned back to the faith of the fathers. Amen. Amen. We find one time here in this time of famine. Amen. Uh it was going to come now where Elijah the prophet in one kings chapter 18 he said you remember what he said it won't rain until I call for it. Amen. Amen. 1 Kings chapter 18 verse 43 to 44. But then when the season was changing, Elijah asked his servant. He says, "Go up now. Look toward the sea." And he went up and looked and said, "There is nothing." And he said go again seven times. Hallelujah. Now if we had gone six times that would have been seven times. How many of you calculating quickly here? He went the first time. That was number one. Then he said go again seven times. So altogether he went how many times? Very good. Amen. Some of you still calculating. So he went at the eighth time. And it came to pass, Amen. Hallelujah. That he said, "Behold, there ariseth a little cloud out of the sea like a man's hand." So let's say that was a glimmer of hope, like what I'm preaching to you tonight. to pull you out of your season. All you may see is a little cloud the size of a man's hand. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And he said, "Go up and say to Hab, prepare thy chariot and get thee down, that the rain stop thee not." Praise the Lord. He is seeing the cloud the size of a man's hand. Elijah says, "I hear the sound of the abundance of rain." He even tells Ahab, "Get onto your chariot and start moving." Don't stop for the rain. There's no rain. There's famine. But all he sees is a little cloud. What is that teaching us? When we see a scripture, by his stripes, you are healed. Even in your sickness, start to see yourself already healed. Amen. Start to call those things which are not as though they are. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I see the cloud the size of a man's hand and I hear the abundance of the sound of rain. Amen. Now, in 1 Kings chapter 17, I'm just going to go over a few things here. Amen. A few examples before we pray. What we do in our dry season matters. What we're doing when we're going through famine matters. You remember the prophet just says we go through dry spells. Every family will feel that way. Sometimes it'll feel like your prayer life is dry. Sometimes it might feel like your prayers are hitting the ceiling and coming back down. Feel like dry. But what we do in those dry seasons matters. Praise the Lord. There was this woman in one kings happens to be chapter 17 again. Amen. that she all she sees is a man coming to her and telling her, "Bake me a cake." Amen. But it was a dry season. It was famine. Praise the Lord. If you if you go to that scripture, you'll find here that she is making a confession. Amen. 1 Kings chapter 17 she's telling him as the Lord and she said as the Lord thy God liveth I have not a cake but a handful of meal in a barrel and a little oil in a cruise and behold I am gathering two sticks that I may go in and dress it for me and my son that we may eat it and die that is her confession that is what she understands. She knows there's a famine in the land. This is the last portion of meat or bread that she's going to eat. And she says, "We are going to die." She's preparing for death. Hallelujah. But she does not know that she's encountering Elijah the prophet. And Elijah the prophet is going to change. Now remember, the famine does not end for the outside people. It only ends for whom the word of God is sent to. Hallelujah. It's only for Elijah and the woman that is kept sustained in this time. So outside in Leosia in denominations there is famine. There is gross darkness. Their churches look like nightclubs. Come on now. If you remember, some of you young people won't remember churches how they used to be. It was sacred. It was holy. There came a time when it was around the time when the song storm came out. And the pastors started to get into a frenzy. I know because I worked at the music store at that time. and they started to come into the store and started to look at lights. So I asked them, "Why do you want lights?" He says, "We're losing a lot of our young people to the clubs. So we want to put some of these lights in the church and attract them to come into the church instead of going in the clubs." They didn't use the word to correct them. They wanted to make the church conform to the world. So that's how the lights came into the church. Amen. Disco lights. You go to a church and that's why the Catholics are shocked. Because the daughters have gone wild. You don't feel like anything holy there, anything sacred. Amen. You walk into the church, everything is black because they flimming now. They want the video to come nice. Praise the Lord. So they have they have settled for church programs instead of the true word of God. They are not willing to tell the women anything about the way they dress. Not willing to tell the men anything about the way they dress. Not willing to tell the people about how they should live. All they preach about is God is going to bless you. They like the word seasons, too. What we're talking about, this is your season. This is your year. And every year is their season. And every year is their year. All you got to do is sew into my ministry. Can I get 10 people to raise a hand who's going to sew? But that's their message. Partner with me. Amen. Tap into the anointing. Now, while all of those things carry truth, that's not the main focus. Hallelujah. Because you know, for every bogus, there must be an original. There wasn't Janice Jamas first. There was Moses first. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, they changed the order. There's my point was there's famine out there but there's only now light in goan there's only food for the bride what we have is the message of the hour and let me ask you this way are we still feasting on the message of the hour in the course of the week are we feasting with the message of the hour are we spending time with this prophet that we say we believe that was sent to us to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers are we really listening to it amen Amen. Or we just get a quote here on the Sunday or quote on a witness day maybe occasionally on the group. Amen. This is our life. This is what changes us. The word of God, the revealed word of God. He says, "Amen." When those seals were open, the Bible became a new book to us. Amen. So this woman, what she did in the time of famine took her out of her season. Even though the season in the country was still famine. How many of you getting my point? So she was fed. She she had to feed the word prophet. Elijah was a word prophet. This woman by giving him a cake was feeding the word prophet. Hallelujah. And giving life to his words. Do you know if she disobeyed him, she had a choice to make. Either I'll obey this prophet Yeah, because he said if you do this, the cruise of oil will not run dry. Your barrel will not run dry. But she could have killed the prophet's word with disobedience. But she chose to give life to the prophet's words. Amen. By giving him a cake. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. So, obey what the prophet says and you will be be sustained in the time of famine. Amen. She had the choice to make and her season changed. Praise the Lord. Amen. This same woman, death strikes a home in verse 17, season change again. This is in 1 Kings 17. But in verse 17, her son dies. Hallelujah. Her son dies, but she's got a choice to make. What does she do? She calls the prophet. Amen. She called the prophet and says, "What do I have to do with thee, thou men of God? Had thou come unto me to call my sin to remembrance and slay my son?" And he said, "Give me your son." Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. I don't think we are sufficiently impressed with the word that's in our midst because the word in our midst has power of resurrection. Do you know right now within us we are carrying that resurrection power? Let me say it this way. We are carrying the message of the voice of the resurrection because that's the next thing to take place. You say what do you mean by that? I mean that when Jesus was coming to Lazarus tomb, he was the voice of the resurrection. Right? But when he met Martha, he started to explain to her how he is the resurrection and the life. So who had to carry the message of the voice of the resurrection to Mary? Martha was now carrying all that she had heard to pull Mary out of her condition. So she was carrying the message of the voice of the resurrection. Amen. She had to tell Mary, Jesus said, "He's the resurrection and the life." Jesus just told me, "My brother shall live again." She's carrying the message. Amen. That the sleeping saints are going to come forth. Thank you. Martha, I uh Mary, the shout pulled me. But now the voice of the resurrection told me that he's going to raise the sleeping saints. Hallelujah. Amen. That the dead in Christ shall first rise. Yes, sir. That I'm going to see my loved one again. She called Mary out of that house of mourning because of that message she was carrying. Amen. Amen. Mary came to see what the commotion was about because she went to her and said, "The master has come and call it for thee." Praise the Lord. Amen. So here we see that what we do in our dry season matters because now death strikes the home. The prophet now goes and lays on the boy three times. He makes his three pulls upon the boy and he puts hand upon hand. The Bible says here, he stretches himself across the child. Amen. Hallelujah. He brought him, it delivered him. So, he brought the child back to life. Then there's one more point I want to make in the in the other woman with Elisha is that I'm talking about the woman now who couldn't have a child. And you remember that the prophet says, "What can I do for you?" Amen. You don't have a son. And you remember she had a son. But then one day while he was in the field, you know, in the heat of the sun, he died. So this woman again had a choice to make. So if death strikes your home, what are we going to do? She chose to go to the word prophet. She chose to go back to the place where her heart was turned back. Mount Karma. You remember Mount Carmel showed? Elijah Elijah had turned the faith of the children back to the faith of the fathers. She chose to go back to that point. She chose to change the circumstance by the decision she made. She had a choice to make. She could have either sat there and cried. Her son had died. She could have decided to call the undertakers to come and fetch a son and make preparation for the funeral. Or she said, "I can believe the word. I can believe that this boy can be raised back to life." So she went to the source of the lifegiving word. And she decided to go to the word to do something about a situation. Amen. Amen. I'm going to close now. Amen. because she knew to to everything there's a season. She knew that she couldn't have a son and this one was given to her from the prophet by the spoken word. Amen. So she received him as one from the dead. So she knew that even though he was dead, if she can only get to that prophet, that boy will rise again. Amen. Now watch your choices you make. Maybe you've been like Martha and Mary and buried your dream, buried your desire. Amen. You buried, Amen. all that you thought you had in this life. But Jesus is here to tell you, Amen. that which is in the grave and that which you have buried, I have come to resurrect. I have come to change your season, Martha and Mary. Praise the Lord. Now, sometimes it'll take time for you to understand or comprehend what the Lord is saying. Even tonight, listen when the voice of resurrection is speaking. Martha and Mary didn't immediately comprehend what the Lord was saying. Praise the Lord. But I want to re reiterate that every dead situation, every dry season is coming back to life. Amen. Because we are under the greatest message, the message of life. Amen. What did brother Brandham call this message? The shout. He said it's a message going forth. He said it's the living bread of life. Amen. You can't be eating this message and be dead. Brother Brandham calls the shout the living bread of life. So if we are eating the message of the hour, there ought to be a life flowing out of us. I've got a river of life and it's flowing out of me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now God is not going to change his program and his season just because we in unbelief. God don't work like that. When he came to Sarah there and Sarah was in unbelief and Sarah laughed in art. How can me being old have pleasure with my lord? Did God go away now and say ah you know Sarah is still in unbelief. Let me wait another three years because uh I'll send some tapes there and faith cometh by the hearing of the word and she'll let her faith levels raise up. When time and season comes around, God's got a clock. God's got a program he's working with. When God comes to your door and he's telling you, I'm going to visit you about the time of life. This time All you will make all your doubts disappear. Yes. Amen. Now I want to say this as well that the that scene has repeated in our day again the prophet says the final sign that we saw was a prophet with his back turned to the audience. Amen. So God is not going to change his program because we are not ready to cope with what God is doing. Shadow was having mind battles. I can't cope with what you're telling me. I'm going to be the word made flesh. I can't cope with it. I'm going to be a manifested son on the earth. All creation is waiting for you. Whether you can cope with it or not, it's going to happen. Amen. Amen. God's not going to change his program for you. You say, "Give me another example." Zachchariah had the example of Sarah and Abraham in the Bible. But when the angel came to him to tell him his wife is going to have a child, he was in doubt. Amen. Amen. And being a priest, he studied the word and he still doubted. He doubted how old his wife was. Amen. But the prophet now in the resurrection of Lazarus, he says, notice that the angel would of God would perform his word. He would bring his word to pass regardless. So which means in this time and season, it's the power of the spoken word, right? But if you don't want to accept it, God will strike you dumb. So in this time and season, either you're going to speak back what the angel of God said, Amen. Or you're going to remain dumb and you're going to see everyone else speak and you're going to be dumb. You're going to be asking for pen and page. Yeah. Yeah. That's what he was asking for. He was asking for pen and page because he he couldn't speak. He wanted to write. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So God's not going to wait for you. Because you're already hearing and understanding what we are saying. But you want to keep God in a holding pattern. Time and season has come now. God wants to use you now. Do you know how do you know who God wants to manifest his life through? Somebody say me. This time and season, it's not 2020 2025. Every generation has a chance at the word. God is telling you week after week, I want to use you. You are telling him, Lord, look how you used him. Hello. We tell everyone how God used somebody else. But God is saying, "Hey, I want to use you. It's 2025. This is the dead in Christ." Ah, come on, somebody. This is the dead in Christ. God always uses living beings. This prophet was sent to turn our hearts back to the faith. He says, "Behold, I send you, Elijah the prophet, to turn your hearts." Amen. After he has turned your hearts, God wants to now tabernacle you. Do you know that we are the tabernacle of the living God? Do you know God wants to tabernacle us? God wants to use us for his kingdom purposes, but we are so busy with the things of the world. We are so consumed with the things of the world that God can't use us. You telling me God can wake you up any day of the week and say, "My son, go and do this." You tell the Lord, I got to go to Renault. But I thought sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Hello. Are we able to hear the voice of God? God wants to use us. What we've become is full-time employees and part-time Christians. Well, let me say it again differently. We've become full-time employees of corporate companies and part-time workers in the kingdom. Hallelujah. You'll never phone your boss and tell him, "When I get time, I'll come in." But for the things of God, if I get time, I'll come. But the Bible says, "Seek you first the kingdom." Amen. So I'm saying God can never fully manifest or use us because we are preoccupied. Amen. We are already preoccupied with the things of the world. Amen. So I am saying use your situation to change. Amen. Use the word to change your situation even now. Right now, you can change your situation with everything that's going on in your mind right now with the word of God that's coming forth. What did this woman choose to do? She didn't say there, I'm going to cry here for my son. She didn't say, "I'm going to wait for the undertaker." She settled her house and she went to where the word was. Get out of your situation. Get to where the word is. I am telling you, the season has changed. When God starts to do something, I'm not just speaking something now that's a season has changed. A season I'm telling you, listen to what I'm saying. The season for this church has changed. We may have had dry spells. We may have had a time of trying to understand what the Lord is doing. But the Lord is telling you tonight, the season has changed. Whether you want to move along with it and come, God is saying, "I'm already doing a new thing." and God is going to start to use the young people. You're going to see young people raise up. You're going to see a multiplication of young people in this church. That God is using. Amen. Now I ask and I put a challenge to you that from the young people here, how many of us can say, "Lord, use me. Use me for your glory. Use me for your kingdom purpose. Use me for the extension of your kingdom. Use me, Lord, in any way that you see fit to do so." Do you know that your life, your breath belongs to God? So I'm speaking to every young person here. That which God has given you, give it back to him. Amen. That which God has given you, give it back to him. I say this again, I've seen a door open. Amen. In the last few weeks, we've been preaching on the prodigal. And I've seen doors open. Amen. I can give you testimonies that private prayers answered publicly. Private prayers, secret prayers where we speak a word and the angel of God goes forth and performs it. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Some of you don't know. You were pulled out of your circumstances. You were pulled out of your homes. You were pulled back into church because of a prayer. Amen. I can give you names. I can give you examples right now, but it's not necessary. Hallelujah. And you're going to see a multiplication of it. Amen. Because when a son recognizes who he is, that he controls atmospheres, he controls situations. And when we are speaking a word, all that the father has given me will come to me. We are calling those names. They don't even know what's happening. We are calling those names. When Jesus said, all that the father has given me will come to me. What you saying? They will come to me. Amen. They could have been trapped under concrete. They could have been held by chains. They will come to him. And he says, "And not one of them is lost." And he says, "All of them who come to me, I will in no wise cast out." Amen. Thank you, Lord. So in this time and season of I give it to you, include your loved ones here. Hallelujah. Include your loved ones because in the power of I give it to you all things are possible. So I I'm urging you again. I'm going to say it in a very simply way. Don't remain in unbelief and also don't remain in ignorance and don't remain in arrogant spirit. Say Lord I empty myself out. We sang the song I give myself away. We've tried other things. It didn't work. Right? We've tried to be proud. It didn't work. We tried to do things our way. It didn't work. How about we say, "I come now and I do it God's way." Amen. I want to pray. Let's stand together and give God praise. Amen. So, in every season, the word of God is our constant. The woman, the Shounomite woman now went to the prophet and she changed a season of death and brought back life because she brought the word to where the problem was. You can bring the word to where your problem is. You say my husband is a problem, bring the word to where your husband is. You say my wife is a problem, bring your word, the word to where your wife is. My children are a problem, bring the word to where your children are. My father is a problem. Bring the word to where your father is. There's a problem at work. Bring the word to work. Hallelujah. The word is constant in every season. I am saying that the prophet says we all go through seasons but we have the word and the word can pull us out of our seasons. You know what Jesus said when he saw the fig tree? The Bible says that it wasn't season for figs yet. Amen. The tree, the fig tree represents Israel. Didn't Jesus say the fig tree? Learn a parable from the fig tree. The fig tree was Israel. But Israel couldn't recognize that the season had changed of killing goats and and animals. The lamb of God was standing to himself. So as a type, he goes to the fig tree and he curses that fig tree for not recognizing the season had changed. I'm saying don't be a fig tree now that's going to be cursed. The season has changed. Amen. I tell you we are in 2025 right now. God wants to birth a new thing in your life. We read go and read Isaiah 43 there again verse 18 from verse 18 I'm doing a new thing you know we sing that song oh north give them up oh south you can't hold them back this people I formed for myself every dry bone is coming back into position amen prophesy over your situation Maybe you never thought about it this way. When John is asked to take the book, eat the book. Amen. He's changing his season. Then he's asked to prophesy again. I say start by prophesying over your own life. Amen. Start by saying, "Lord, whatever your problem is right now, start by saying, Lord, I declare it's the end of one season and it's the start of a new thing in my life. Lord, I end the drought of a dry prayer life. You know, you can change that physically. I don't pray." Well, pray. I don't read the Bible. Well, read the Bible. Amen. Amen. I don't listen to the messages. Well, read the messages. Change your season. Amen. Change your circumstance. Lord, I'm so shy to tell my friend about Jesus. Well, change your situation and tell them about Jesus. Your mouth may get dry. You may not have the words to say, but start to speak about the goodness of Jesus. Start to at least tell them, you know what? Once I was like this, I was caught up in things like this, but Jesus changed my life. The prophet says, we don't know. It says, "Start with your testimony." I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. And I say we start to impact and influence and change. Amen. Situations, areas. Amen. We start to witness for the kingdom of God. Hallelujah. Every head bowed, every eyes closed. Amen. This is a time of prayer. Now, we're going to go into Amen. Hallelujah. I want you to start to pray in the spirit. Don't pray in the flesh now, but pray in the spirit and start to speak to the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. And he says if you don't know what to pray, he says the Holy Ghost will make intercession on your behalf and start to speak. Amen. If you don't know what to pray, start to pray for the Holy Ghost. Start to pray for a changing, a renewal of season,
