################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - Good & Bad Bacteria  Pastor Varam (India)  09-04-2025 - Varam.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-04
Title:   Good & Bad Bacteria | Pastor Varam (India) | 09-04-2025
Speaker: Varam
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTZoEMcw158
========================================

Lord in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus. I'm happy to be here this afternoon. [Music] Amen. So this is a testimony. A testimony is a reality of a witness. We have witnesses here from the outer regions of [Music] Lord. God brought us. [Music] Her gates are the gates of hell. Yes. and many they enter their room. Let me say that again. Hallelujah. From the outer regions of loss, God has brought us back. Her gates are the gates of hell and made her into him. At last the heart of bless the [Music] thunderstor clear the mystery of the seven hallelujah. Hallelujah. And here we are in the second fold of a tree for me. Hallelujah. See part spoken by the son of man and the other in you and me. Amen. Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Now he's come back again with the power of the world is rich speaking rapuring faith for redemption from a fallen glory. With the power that will judge the earth, we are lifted higher, higher and higher and higher until we reach that seven. Yes, sir. And from there we'll change dimensions across into another land. Amen. Wonderful. They will be bringing their loved ones and those who already gone. Amen. The many of the world that went on. Now he's coming back again in the power of the Lord speaking resurrection. speaking rapuring faith for redemption. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] A window now is open and light shining through. Amen. is your light shining to our soul. Amen. [Music] The dove and the lose. Hallelujah. [Music] But he loving you and me. And for this purpose he descended a full of time. Hallelujah. Thank you. Here we are in the reality while Noah was amen. [Music] Now he's come back again in the power of the word. Speaking resction, speaking rapuring faith for redemption [Music] for Hallelujah. the message [Music] of now he's coming back again in the power of the word speaking resurrection speaking rapuring firm hallelujah Let's close our eyes. [Music] When he's looking at me, he'll see mercy. When he's looking at me, he'll see great when he's looking at me. He'll see [Music] for I am saved by his mercy and his grace. Come children, sing it out loud. Sing it to him. When he's looking at me, he'll see my [Music] When he's looking at me, he'll see great. When he's looking at me, he'll see. [Music] For I am saved by his mercy and his grace. All glory to God. That flesh is becoming word. Oh God, building word upon word, Father. So we come into that full image, oh God. Lord, where the earth won't be able to contain us, oh God, will be translated in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, we love you. We appreciate you, Lord. We thank you. The cycle of the rapture is already started. Oh God, we thank you, Lord, that you are already descended. Father, give you glory and praise, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And you know the prophet said when the seals were open, a new land was opened up to us. A new land open to the bride. Amen. It's not an earthly land. But we are now in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. Denominations know nothing about this. They can't enter into realms where eagles fly. Hallelujah. Only eagles dare to get into the shana glory. Others will blow up. Others will disintegrate. Yeah. But the shakana glory is meant for a special class of people. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a good anchor of praise. Amen. Let me seated for a moment. I want to welcome every one of you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Good to see everyone in the house of the Lord. Pastor Melvin, Pastor Ishko, Pastor Denzel, amen, that's here. Every other minister, visitor that's here. We welcome you. Amen. So, I don't have much of an introduction. We want to leave a lot of it for the word. Amen. So uh the pastor's full name is pastor Var Prasada. Amen. But he prefers to be called pastor Vam. So when I heard that I said you know what Vam means here. I told him Varum means hot here. So we're expecting a pastor that's hot. Amen. So he's got a church in Andhra Pradesh. He's been 28 years. Pastor him for 28 years. Amen. So the Lord has been blessing him in that that part of the world. So he Amen. And the Lord led him down this way to come and he wanted to see the body of Christ and also bless the body of Christ. So I was telling him there's something significant about India and South Africa. There's only two reports brother Brandham gave was Africa took report and India Trip report. You remember when the angel was talking to the prophet and he saw that he saw the 10 vision only two countries came into view. Only South Africa and India. Amen. We're not making any doctrine of it, but we're glad to be represented there. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, pastor, we want to welcome you. We want to give you full liberty to share the word of the Lord. Amen. And how many of you under expectation? Amen. Expectation breeds the results. Amen. And you know that you can pull on the gift of God. Amen. And you know that virtue only leaves a man when he's touched. When you pull, if you don't pull, the brother will go if you're energized. Let's take him out of here in a stretcher. You know, they had to take the prophet out arm in arm and carry him down the street till he came to himself. I say we pull on the word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's stand together as we receive our dear pastor. Amen. So be at liberty, pastor, to share the word of the Lord. Whatever the Lord has laid upon your heart. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing All is well. [Music] Holy. We have heard the message. We heard the message. Shalom. [Music] Oh, this is the place. There is a place of everywhere beyond this plan of glory. So [Music] rest for all is well. One more time. Let's sing. All is well. Yes. All is well. There's no need to fear. Perfect love has come to cast all fear. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom. [Music] Oh, there is a place for there is [Music] [Music] like Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints. So are you happy? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Thank you very much my precious brother. First of all, I would like to thank precious pastor pastor Benji for bring me here and also I would like to thank our precious brother and I greet you in the name of Jesus Christ this evening. Are you happy to be here? Hallelujah. So I would like to read a scripture from the Bible. Praise be to God. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. And 1 Corinthians 1 Corinthians chapter 3 verse 16 and 17. I would like to read it. 1 Corinthians chapter 3 verse 16 and 17. Praise the Lord. Amen. Okay. 16 and 17. Know ye not that ye are the temple of God. And the spirit of God dwelleth in you. Amen. If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy. Which temple ye are? Amen. Hallelujah. May God bless the reading of the word. Shall we close our eyes for the prayer? Dearly heavenly father, tonight we are so happy that we are we are his people. We we are your people, people with the seven seas, [Music] people with open book. Finding ourselves in that book. We thank you for the great privilege coming to your presence once again. Lord, Lord, I'm here by your grace. Lord, I am here because you are rich in mercy. Your people are here because you are rich in mercy. Amen. But tonight as we are going to open the word, Yes, Lord. Give us the real understanding of the word and speak to us. Yes, we can turn the pages but it is you Lord who can give the real understanding Lord we can turn the pages but it is you Lord who can bring the things between the lines we invite your Holy Spirit we want commit ourselves unto you bless the church bless the dear pastor invited you bless each and every brother and sister that present here we commit ourselves unto your mighty hand in the name of Jesus for your glory we ask these things. Amen. Yes. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. God bless you sir. God bless you. Okay. Actually my name is very lengthy name Rahu that is a full name but you cannot pronounce this. So back in my country people calls me brother. Yeah that's the uh short form for my name which is you know the meaning of the name is uh the gift of god. Amen. Amen. Praise be to god. Hallelujah. Amen. So uh I would I wanted to come to South Africa for from a long time but the Lord has opened me a door right this time and brother Denel has helped me a lot to come here. I thank you uh brother Denel for your love. Hallelujah. Amen. Today we had a a very very good lunch with the brother your pastor. Amen. Agent AJ Ag okay it is it is very difficult for me to pronounce something okay please forgive me hallelujah I greet you in the name of Jesus Christ one more time God bless you God bless you most of the people are Indian people look like Indian people okay I'm so happy because in the Bible we see uh when Naomi was coming out. Ruth is telling telling to Naomi, "Your people is my people. Your God is my God." And that's the way I want to say you are your people. You are Indian people. I'm also Indian. I identify myself with you. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you love the message? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yeah, you know, uh this is my first message uh in English because back in my country, I always speak my local language. Uh so I wanted to come uh people like you, I want preach the message, but you know, I'm not familiar with the uh with English, but I'm trying to bring something for you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Just bear with me. Okay. God bless you. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. So, is it possible to display? Okay. I just want to introduce my family to you. Yes. This is my family, my God-given family. And me and my wife. And the the the left side, my younger son and his wife and his daughter. And my right side, my son-in-law and my daughter. And the last one is my elder son. Amen. And his wife. And uh I got the six grandchildren. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Now back in India, my son was preaching in the church. Now okay the live is going to finish I think. So the service is going to finish. So this is my family one more only one. Okay. It's no problem. Thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. So I would like to bring a uh a message. the bacteria that lives a long time. That is the title of my message. Okay. Hallelujah. Amen. We know in the first chapter of the B in the book of Genesis, the first chapter, it says God created man in his holy image and likeness. Okay. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And when you come to the second chapter, God formed the man out of the dust. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. We know God created by his spoken word a spirit man. We all know that a spirit man he created and in the second chapter he took the mud and he formed a a man that we know that out of 16 elements. Brother said okay 16 elements got from that man. Okay. You know uh that is the body that God formed for man to be identified. Yes. Amen. We all know we are identified with our bodies. Is it right? Hallelujah. Amen. By seeing your body I can say this is so and so brother. By seeing your body I can say this is so and so brother. Is it right sir? Hallelujah. Amen. So this body is the body of temple of God. Yes. Amen. Amen. This body is the temple of God. God create God formed this body for uh you know to communicate with man. Yeah. Amen. When we go to a message you know uh let me read that three-fold purpose. How many of you know the three-fold purpose? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Okay. Uh Christ is the mystery of God revealed. There's the message par number 154. First to express himself completely God in Christ. Amen. That is the purpose God has in his mind. Amen. And the second purpose is to have the preeminence by this in his church which is his body the bride. Amen. Till he could have the preeminence to express himself to them. All right. Hallelujah. That's the second purpose. And the third purpose is to restore the kingdom to its rightly position. Hallelujah. fell by sitting by the first Adam back to where he walked in the cool of the evening with his people talked with his uh with them fellowship with them we know this is the three-fold purpose of God so what I want to tell you God wanted to have fellowship with his people praise the Lord amen hallelujah so he expressed himself in the body called Jesus. So the same God now wanted express himself in the body. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That is a bride. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes sir. And there is one more message I would like to bring the trail. It is 63 419 p number 84. I challenge you to believe that Jesus Christ is revealed in the form of the son of man. Amen. In human place through the bride's body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So here brother Brham is telling us he wanted revealed through bride's body. That means your body and from my body. Amen. He wanted bring his dy through your body and my body. Hallelujah. He want brings his attributes through your body and my body. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So God has uh given us God has made us a body to be expressed the divine attributes the divine qualities. Hallelujah. So there is a purpose of branch body. Yes. Now we have a body uh in that body God wanted to express his love, his holiness, his kindness. Hallelujah. Can you say that? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the body is very important. You know back in my country there came a doctrine uh maybe you also may know it. uh what uh they're preaching is body is nothing. They're saying whatever we do in this body it is not countable. So they promote that doctrine and they they lived in a unclean life. Yeah. They lived in an unclean life. Yeah. You know because uh they're saying uh they're quoting uh you know Samaritan Samaritan woman. Yeah. Uh she was nothing but his predestinated seed. So only God dealt with her spirit with her soul not with body. So whatever we do that doesn't matter we can do. Such kind of doctrine that came to India. Yeah. One of the brother came to me and he started his discussion with me. Brother is nothing. I said why God made this body? The Bible says your body is the temple of God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. My body should be clean before God. Amen. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Yes, we know in the epistle uh first Thessalonians I think so your body, your spirit and your soul must be blameless before his coming. Amen. So the body is very important. So our body is a holy temple of God. We must live a holy life. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. And not only that, from this body, God is going to bring a new body. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. So this body we should not say this is nothing. This is not this is only mortal body. This is only temporary body. Oh, this is not. We should not say this. In fact, we have to say this is a temple of God. I must glorify through this body. Lord, Amen. Hallelujah. Do you believe that this body is the temple of God? Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. We are the living temples of God. We are the moving temples of God. Hallelujah. God is moving through your hands. In Andra message, brother said, God has no hands but your hands. Hallelujah. Amen. God has no legs but your legs. Is it right sir? Hallelujah. So God wanted to work with our body through work with our body. Hallelujah. That's right. So our body is very important. Amen. And not only that, one of these days this body is going to be changed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So back in my country I have a song to be I know I have written a song which is very familiar in the Telugu language but not here not in English. So I would like to sing that song. Amen. Okay. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] The meaning of this song is one fine morning between 6 and 9. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. There will come a sound. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the bride will disappear. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So in that song, the first cha goes like this. Which means the shout is going on. Amen. And the message is gathering the bride. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] The message of the seventh angel is now uniting the bride. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] There came a voice at the tomb of Lazarus. Hallelujah. That is the mighty angel's voice. Hallelujah. To them that slept in the Lord, there comes a resurrection. Amen. That's a body change. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We know brother Brown taught us the process of the rapture. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh we know that the first part is for the living bride coming together under one message and one anointing. The eagle anointing, the rapturing faith. Hallelujah. And the second part is the people that already dead in Christ. They will rise up. Their bodies will come out. Hallelujah. So we believe the message of resurrection. We believe the message of the rapture. Message of the body change. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes sir. Hallelujah. And the last standard goes like this. Thump of God shall sound. Hallelujah. Amen. They will get Hallelujah. So the trump of God one day it will sound the people will come up with new bodies. Hallelujah. Brother Bam said you will have a body like a thought. It will travel like a thought. Amen. Hallelujah. A new body. A new body travels like a thought. Amen. And your body goes beyond the moon. Yeah, your body goes beyond the stars. What is that? That new body. So we are groaning in this body for that new body. Hallelujah. So we must be preserved our bodies as holy temple. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many of you believe the holy living? Amen. How many of you believe the holy living? Amen. A Christian must live a holiness. Hallelujah. Amen. So tonight my subject is our body should live long as a holy temple because uh you know God told us you are the temple of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. One day this mortal body will change immortal body as immortal body. Praise the Lord. Amen. So God is the maker of this body. He wanted this body for his glory. He wished to express himself through this body. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. uh in the message brother Brandham uh 1963 1113 par number 27 brother Brandham said this body is the mechanics. Yeah. Amen. So as God uh wants his body the devil also wants this body. Amen. Amen. God is the creator of this body, the maker of this body. But the devil also wants use this body. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. The devil wants use this body. He wants it. He enters into this body just like he entered into pigs. Yeah. In the swing, in the snake in the garden of Eden. So devil wanted a body. Yes. To express himself. Yeah. But God wanted his people to express himself. Hallelujah. Glory. If you don't express the attributes of God, if you don't manifest the love of God, if you don't manifest the forgiveness of God, oh, your body is nothing. But the the main purpose of your body, your body must bring glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Okay. So, I would like to bring one more thing. Uh a bacteria that that lives a long time. You know, uh what is the meaning of the bacteria? It's a small microorganism. It has a different shapes and different sizes. This bacteria survives in all climates. Praise the Lord. Amen. Especially this bacteria helps our uh you know digestion system. Amen. The good bacteria is derived from uh mother. It develop a good bacteria a good health. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. The good bacteria will bring us immunity power. Praise the Lord. Amen. The good bacteria bring us a immunity power. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So that means there is a good bacteria in our bodies. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. How many of you knows that stem cells? You know the stem cells. Amen. You know they preserve the stem cell. stem cell banks for what? To give a better h a better good health. Yeah. If you are affected by cancer and then they they will bring the stem cell your stem cell and they will give you the stem cell and automatically it will give you the healing power. So what I'm thinking we have a stem cell that is the word of God. The message of the hour. It gives us imunity power. To welcome the sick to welcome the word. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Yes sir. The message of the hour is our stacket. That is a good bacteria. When when we are inoculated by that bacteria, we will overcome every kind of sin. Hallelujah. You know there was a man in the Bible whose name is Joseph. He overcome the sin. Why? Because he was inoculated by the bacteria. He was inoculated by the power of God. So when the sin comes against him, you know the sin cannot stand before him because already he was filled with the good bacteria. Hallelujah. Amen. He knows that his body has a purpose. Amen. Yes. God's purpose. He was given a body to glorify God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. In that body, he wanted bring glory to God. Yes. He don't want be unclean life. He don't want unclean life. Hallelujah. Because right from the beginning, brother B said he was a spiritual man. He sees the reasons he's a prophet of God. He was inoculated by the power of God. The stem cells working in him. Amen. The good bacteria is working in him. It gives him the immunity to overcome every kind of struggle, every kind of situation, every kind of temptation. You know, see when brothers, you know, they hated him, okay? They wanted to kill him. But you know what happened at the end of the story? He told his brothers, "I will not kill you. Rather, I will feed you." What made him to speak like that? It's because of good bacteria. Amen. Hallelujah. He was filled with God's power. Amen. He was filled with God's love. Hallelujah. Yes. You know, brother said Abraham is, you know, Abraham is for chosen to live a good life. Huh? Amen. Amen. Joseph was Joseph is titled for perfection. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. You know, Abraham typed for faith and Isaac type for love and Jacob typing for conviction, the Holy Spirit. And when we come to Joseph, Joseph is typing for perfection. We cannot find any sin in him, any fault in him because he represent Jesus Christ. He was the old testament Jesus Christ. Isn't it? Hallelujah. Amen. So he was inoculated by the power of God. Amen. Hallelujah. He was, you know, his immunity power came from the word. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Okay. A good bacteria. If you have a good bacteria, automatically your immunity power will be very strong. Yes. That means in the church if a believer got a real anointing of the Holy Spirit, in the church if a believer got the imunity power of the word of God, he will be a good baptist. Yes. He will be a good believer. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes. Uh then one more thing I want to bring to you. If you want a good uh bacteria to be developed, you should not eat anything which is unclean. Hallelujah. We should not take any unclean thing. If unclean thing comes in your body, your body will be spir. Hallelujah. Yes. If this body of the believers should take another doctor, some other silly doctors, it will get some problem. So, we should maintain a good food. We should take a good diet. Hallelujah. Lord, brother said full spare meal. Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Full spare meal. A good food. Amen. M guys today we had a very good food for the first time. What's that brother? Picha pane banisha bunnich. Oh it was very heavy brother. I couldn't eat it. But it is good. Good taste. Like that we must eat a very good food. Yes. Amen. Whenever the church is open, the believer should come and eat the food. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Okay. We should eat the best thing. We should eat the seven seal things. Yeah. Amen. Hallelujah. Okay. Let me go for another. We should not go for hybrid food. Amen. We should not go for junk foods. Amen. Because because of junk food some problems will come. Hallelujah. So we must eat the healthy food. Praise the Lord. Amen. If a bacteria uh if a good bacteria is not available in your body automatically the bad bacteria will develop pneumonia some kind of typher some kind of uh problems. Yes sir. Okay. That means we must maintain a good bacteria. We must maintain a good food. Yes. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So, brother Brandham in the message called the seed is not heavy that is 65 uh pan number 1 to 7. Let me read it. The days of miracles is passed. There was no such a thing as the baptism of the Holy Ghost. All this is nonsense. You mean to tell me that an eagle would eat that? No sir. He would not eat. No sir. But now he promised us a full square meal. The full seven course menu for all the seven seals are open and everything is ready for the word of God. Yes sir. Hallelujah. Glory. So seven seal foot. Yes. The seven seals are open. Seven course menu was given to us. Amen. I believe in full Pentecostal square praise. Hallelujah. That will that will preserve you that will save you. Hallelujah. Glory. So if you your body want to be health in good health, you must eat a full square meal. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. And one more quotation I want to bring it to you. Uh the identified masterpiece of God uh 6412 uh 05 par number 42. Whatever you eat, you can only live physically because something died that you could live. Now whatever you do, even drink milk the bacteria whatever you have to live by the dead substances. It only goes to prove if we have to live this natural life can only do it by dead substances. Something had to die so we could live eternally. That Jesus Christ God gave for us as a ransom. Amen. Hallelujah. So one more scripture, one more quote I want to bring it to you. uh enticing spirits. That is 557 24 par number 145. And today men and women don't pay no attention to what the world has got for you. What entreatment it's got, what kind of bacteria inoculation they have and claim if you join the church you'll be all right. That's a false inoculation. You still got the disease of sin. That's right. But I tell you one thing, brother, that will inoculate you from sin. That's come to the previous blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. And filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's inoculate you from all sin. Your desires will be heaven bound. Your desires will be heaven bound. When you are inoculated, your desires will be heaven bound. Brother said, we are not earthbound people. We are heaven bound people. Hallelujah. When we are inociated by the word of God, our desires will be heaven bound. We don't think carnal things. We will think spiritual things. And we believe and we will say we are not living in this world now. We are living another world. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So if a believer really comes to an understanding that he is inoculated by the word of God, he will live a different life. He will think a different thinking. Is it right sir? Hallelujah. Amen. He want to mingle with the people, the worldly people. Okay, let me tell you one thing. Hallelujah. 19 uh 1997, that was the year I baptized. So when I was in Bible college, Bible school that is 1994 to 1997, I was in the Bible school. So I was fasting and praying and and you know uh my background came from Lutheran. So I went to the Pentecostal Bible college and there I received the Holy Spirit and began to speak in tongues and fasting and praying. So my spiritual life is going like that. One day what happened now? One day there came a message to me. A message book. That message book is why it why it why uh no no no why it has to be shepherds that's the message so that message book came to me I read that book it was total different what I learned from the Bible college I felt hey this is something newise hallelujah and another book came to me Yeah, we have seen his start and come to worship. So these two books when it came to me I was shock who is I know at the time I I did not even pronounce Bham. Yeah. I pronounce like this Bremham who is this Brahham who is this Brahma said it's a good preach might be. So I was thinking like that. One day a brother came to my Bible college. He brought some books to me. He introduced the prophet to me. He gave me a small track. The understanding of dating. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Amen. One Sunday after the uh my chapel is finished, the service is finished, I had my lunch and went to the staircase and I began to read because that brother told me God is not three, God is one. Hallelujah. Being as a theological student, I should not believe that. I should not agree with that. Yeah. Because back in Bible, they are God is three, God is three, God is three. But this brother said God is one not three. I was shocked. Hey why you are bringing see doctors to me. I told him no. He said no you go and pray and read that pamplet read this this booklet. So one day I went upstairs and I started reading. Before I read I prayed Lord this brother gave me this book. is saying that you are one but I believe you are three. Why this brother is giving this book I don't know but if it is so if it is true please open to me please reveal to me you know uh then I began to read at the end of that book I came to understand that God is not three God is one. Amen. God opened my eyes. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Something struck in my heart and I cried to the Lord. Yes, you are one. But that these people are cut into three pieces. Today h today I say Lord I believe that you are one. Amen. So there the revelation started that revelation began uh growing in me. Yeah. Amen. So one day you know they they gave me an assignment to all the students. Write about trinity. You go and write about trinity. How many essays how many pages you want? You can write. So that paper was given to me and I wrote there is no trinity in the Bible with big letters. Hallelujah. Amen. So I was called to the office what are you writing like that in my language being as a theological student why you writing I said sir what I write is true what I have written is true God is not three God is one he said where you got this doctrine I said this is not the doctrine. This is the truth of the Bible. Amen. He said, "Okay, did you read uh Brenham books?" Amen. Hallelujah. I said yes sir. There you have spider. Why did you read the books? I said that is the real message sir. A message from God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So from there something was taking place in my heart. The inoculation the good bacteria coming into me and making me strong. Amen. End of the Bible college. I told them very boldly, sir, I don't want to hear about the trinity. I'm not from you. I am from God. You keep your trinity doctrine with you. I don't want to stay in the Bible college anymore. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Okay. Thus, the message came to me. And then when I got married 1997, one of my brother-in-law, his name is John Nestley. Uh so he came to me, he came to my house because my wife is his sister, cousin sister. He came to me. So slowly he began to talking about these things about the baptism, Godhead. So I said, "Do you know William Renham?" I asked him. He said yes I know him. He said not only knowing already baptized. I already has baptized. I said somewhere in the Bible as I read these books sir. So slowly he encouraged me to take the baptism. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The inoculation started working in me. Amen. So many you know some of the denomination people they approached me they they asked me why don't you join with me group we will give you a good salary we will build your church we will help you monthly I said no sir I am a message believer I'm end time message believer I don't mingle with you anymore Amen. Hallelujah. So now like that I have started my ministry. You know I have started my ministry like that. So there was so many troubles and so many temptations came to me. Slowly I began to I began to avoid myself from the message people because something come to me. I started scared about the P message slowly my life is going down because uh if I want to speak this message in the public you know people will get offended. So I said I said I said to myself okay it's better to keep this doctrine keep this message inside in the outside I can say okay I'm also work with you like that after 10 years after I did the same thing 10 years brother 10 years because I was not there to say this is the message this is the messenger this is malaki before I believe this. I came out of that denomination. I did not say that. So after 10 years, one day a sister asked my wife, you are not message people. You are not in the message. You will lose your rapture because you are mingling with the denominational people. It is not good for you. So something discussion was taking place like that. So my wife came to me one one morning after we finished our prayer. My wife started asking me you please tell me do we do we have rapture because that sister told me that we will miss the rapture because we are not following the message. What happened? I said what she says what she said is right because we are not living according to the message because we are mingling with the denominational people. She said why it happened like this? We want the kingdom of God. We don't want we don't want this kind of world. Amen. We don't want money. We don't want fame. We don't want nothing. We want only the kingdom of God. Yes. Hallelujah. So 10 years I am away from the message. But when the inoculation came to me, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. My muscles began to get strength. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. You know I told my wife I told my wife you know if you want the message to message life we must forshake all we must forsake friendship we must forshake everything. Hallelujah. That is the time a message came to me for shaking God. And one more message has touching my heart. What is that? God's word calls for a total separation. Hallelujah. So those two books help me a lot and I told my wife from hereafter we live for only for the message. Whatever it comes whatever it goes. Amen. We don't worry about it. Because the in inoculation came to me. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God strengthened my heart and I I went to the church and I told the church I told her from hereafter I will preach about the message. Hallelujah. Amen. I will tell about the malach. Amen. If you want come and sit listen it is okay. If you don't want you can better uh go from the church. Hallelujah. Amen. By God's grace, one or two families left the church, but remaining all they stayed with me. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Then I began to preach the message. Yes. And that was the year I called brother Mark for the meetings. Brother Mark, he was he was surprised. Hey Warun, how did you come to this message again? And I said God visited me. Hallelujah. God has visited me. Hallelujah. So that inoculation came again into my life. I began to get the strength and began to speak about the message in the public. Hallelujah. When I was weak, I did not open my mouth. But when God strengthened me, I began to speak of the mystery. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So what I'm trying to tell is you our bacteria good bacteria will give us strength to live message life. Hallelujah. From after that my life totally changed my message changed my family changed. We only dedicate ourselves for the message itself. I told my congregation if you want stay with me you can stay if you want go from the church you can go out but as for me and my family we follow the message hallelujah so when the real bacteria working in our life we will be very strong hallelujah sir this is my example my life hallelujah so we can say there are many people in the bible Who got the inoculation? Who got the good bacteria? When we go to Bible uh book of Acts chapter 10 verse 38 where it says God anointed Jesus of Nazareth. Yes. He went out and do good. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because he was inoculated by the power of God. He he got the good bacteria. That's why he went out and he does the good to the people. Because there are many people who got the good bacteria and they did good to people. What I'm trying to say is if you have the bad bacteria, you will spoil the people. He will spoil the congregation. He will spoil your testimony. He will spoil your family. But if you got the good bacteria, he will strengthen the people. He will bring the people to the message. He will be a blessing from the church. Hallelujah. So we need to receive good bacteria. It is nothing but the message. The good bacteria will give you the strength to overcome every kind of sickness to overcome every kind of weak faith. The good bacteria will strengthen you. It will not allow you to fall down. Yeah, it will keep you from all kinds of temptations. I just want to encourage you brother, sister. You have to receive the good bacteria. You have to inoculate by the power of God. So that your body, your spirit and your soul will be preserved by the power of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you understand me? Hallelujah. So we need a good bacteria. Yes. Hallelujah. There are some bad bacteries in the Bible, you know. You know, Korak, Dan, they're they got the bad bacteria. What happened? They went out and they spoiled the church. They spoiled the ministry. They they stood against the man of God. They talking they talked against the man of God. They ministered the man of God because they got the bad bacteria. Is it? Yeah. Hallelujah. So there are many people like that. But I just want to tell you there are good people, good bacteria. Hallelujah. The Bible says a good man will bring good things out of him. A bad man will bring bad things out of him. Hallelujah. So we need to bring good things. That means we need to be inoculated by good bacteria. May God bless this. God bless you. Hallelujah. Thank you, sir. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. How many of you got the good bacteria? Amen. How many if you want to read where the bacteria came into the church? Put up Revelation 10:8 there. Amen. Let's read it. bacteria coming into the church. That's right. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." And I went unto the angel and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, "Take it, eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." Good bacteria coming into the church. Amen. Amen. One more verse there. Two more. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. Yes. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. Now, we don't eat anything. There must be expression of life. Anything we eat, digest and it goes into the bloodstream. Now we got to And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, nations, and tongues, and kings." So we are what we eat. Let's give the Lord a good acclaim one more time. Amen. Let's thank God as we worship him. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, God. Amen. Wasn't he Vam this afternoon? Amen. Amen. It was bioav. Amen. Praise the lord. Praise the lord. So if any pastor if anyone ask you are you pastor vum must say I am bioav. Praise the lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's just rejoice and sing and worship him and give him glory. Amen. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. What a wonderful savior we have. What a wonderful Lord. Amen. Brother Brandham says when you heard the message of the hour, you were hearing from your theophony. Amen. And I believe even tonight, the spirit of God was speaking. Yes. You know, the Holy Spirit is the designer. Yes. Maybe you thought you just walked into a service. Yes. Hallelujah. Maybe your food has been contaminated. But tonight, the spirit is crying out. Your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. It's the spirit in us. Our original spirit. Amen. We give the Lord praise and glory and honor. Amen. F. Amen. Praise the Lord. Can't you hear? Because the earth will be calling you is a sign. It's all I'm just waiting for my promise change. So I know we will. Can't you hear? Can't you hear? You're the [Music] officer. I'm just wait. [Music] One more time. Let's sing it. I'll catch you here. I'll catch you here. The offering the offering calling out to us. Oh yes. [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] god. Sing soon I know. So my will be with him on high. Many many glory be his name. I'm casting all my cares on you. Amen. Redeemer is here. Redemption by blood. Redemption. Shed my blood. Greatest love story. That's the greatest love story. For restoration, for [Music] restoration, for redemption. That's what seven angels testify. Our redeemer's no longer dead. He's alive and he's coming back for you and me. So I'm casting. So I'm casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. Redemption by blood. Redemption by love. That's the greatest. That's the greatest for [Music] restoration. For restoration, for redemption. Oh, that's what seven angels. Our redeemer is alive coming back for you. Well, my [Music] redeemer again is coming back for you. Oh, go ahead and worship the Lord. Amen. Go ahead and praise adoration. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we thank you Lord for the inauguration of your word. Oh God, we thank you Lord for the opening up of your word to us. Lord Jesus, oh food seven meal, oh God, come to us to keep us in this time of famine. Oh God, in the time of gross darkness, oh God, a great light is shining forth. Oh God, your sh has come to bring illumination, oh God, to the living saints and to gather us, oh God, with power, oh God. Oh, we give you glory. We give you honor, Father. Thank you, Lord, that you didn't just leave us with the mechanics alone, oh God, but the dynamics have come to strike the mechanics, oh God. Oh, to give life to the church. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. We thank you Lord for that quickening power Lord Jesus. The power unto salvation. Oh hallelujah. We give you glory Lord Jesus. What a wonderful savior. Amen. Let the Holy Spirit be the discerner of the Holoca. You know the spirit has spoken directly to us. Amen. Telling us get rid of bad bacteria. The things we are hearing, the things we are feeding on. Amen. Oh, let's get rid of it. Amen. Let's feed on the body word of the son of man. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. He says, "Amen." The very same word that you're feeding on, your new body will materialize around that word that we are feeding on. How many if you want to say, "Lord, I want to be the temple of the Holy Ghost." That was our scripture. Amen. Know we not you are the temple of the Holy Ghost. That's the thing needed in this hour. The Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hear what the spirit is saying this evening. Thank you, Lord. Oh, just open up our hearts. Open up our hearts. Amen. Thank you for Thank you, Lord. The prophet says he wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you wanted. Oh, yes. Hallelujah. Thank you. The Father is willing. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to call our pastor. Let's go forward. While your hands are raised to the Lord, you're believing on the Lord. Let's just pray for an outpouring of his spirit. And not just an outpouring, but a refilling. Hallelujah. The prophet says the dynamics of this church is a refilling of the Holy Ghost. So maybe you want a fresh anointing, a fresh touch. Say, Lord, this evening, send a new touch of fire in my soul. Amen. Jesus. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Glory be to your name, Jesus. Worthy to be praised. Gracious God and eternal father. Lord, we appreciate you. We love you. We adore you. You are the alpha and omega. Amen. You are the bright and morning star. You are the king of our lives. Lord God, you are the inoculation that is needed at this end time. Lord God, as your word would tell us, those that walk after uh after the flesh are connally and those that walk after the spirit, I believe, Lord God, are feasting on a seven course meal, Lord God, they are feeding on spiritual food in due season. Lord God, that's the inoculation that is needed. We cannot find outside. We cannot find it in the denominations. We cannot find it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. In some movement uh but it's a relationship with one God uh that has come to manifest himself in the flesh God to come because you have promised they will be a people without spot without wrinkle. They will walk in the word for they will be the light of the world. And oh God, that inoculation takes filthy garments away. Take sinful people and make them Amen. vessels of honor. Oh my. Hallelujah. Glory. I believe Lord the word cannot help. Amen. When we close up, Amen. We shut the door because he promised you stand at the door and knock. If any man, oh my can open up, I will come in. I will inoculate you. I will make you pure. I will make you virgin again. I will make you a vessel that Lord God you can use. Forgive your people's sin, Lord God, this evening. Uh Lord God, when Jonah went down uh right there, Lord, he didn't even believe his own word, but he preached. But Lord God, those that heard the voice, Amen, of Jonah, rushed and made their garments clean, put on the shack cloth, Lord God, because we know, Amen, your coming is eminent. And Lord, we want to make the rapture and all those that are interested, wants to make sure the garments are clean. Lord, forgive us, Lord, in this flesh, Lord God. We might have made mistakes. Uh Lord God or we have sent down the road but the blood that availth much is able to cleanse everyone this evening and bring them in. Oh my hallelujah. Because Lord you had your prophet would say I had a vision. I seen the bride step out of light. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. But there was a shout that would come out. Get back in line. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you for your word, Lord, this evening in a simple way, preparing your bride for a rapture. Lord God, we need the inoculation. Lord, may you bless him, renew his strength. Lord God, I believe the series of meetings, Lord God, you're going to move. Amen. With him as he preach everywhere he goes. Lord, everywhere somebody can glean and Lord God, get better, better walk with you. May the backslider be restored. May the sick be healed. Uh, Lord God, may they walk closer with the Almighty God. Uh, Lord, thank you for Pastor Adrian and the church. Lord God, bless them, Lord God. Amen. May he multiply. Amen. Spiritually and naturally, Lord, every minister and every person that has entered the door this evening, Lord, we feel refreshed. We thank you, Lord God, for all that you have done and all that you're going to do. Bless the musicians as well, Lord God, in Jesus precious name. And everybody says, "Amen." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Well, I'm climbing up. I'm climbing up seven steps to perfection. I'm climbing up seven steps to perfection. I'm climbing up seven steps. to perfection. I am the temple of the holy going on. Going on, going on. You are the temple. Amen. Why don't say going on going? You are the temple. Oh no, you are the temple. You are the temple of the Holy Ghost. How about we say yes I am. Oh yes I am. Yes I am. I am the temple. Oh yes I am. Yes I am. I am the temple. Oh yes I am. Yes I am. I am the temple. I am the holy. Amen. Full of praise. I'm full of praise. Full of power. Full of [Music] glory. Oh full of praise. Full of power. Full of glory. Oh, full of praise, full of power, full of glory. I am the [Music] holy. Amen. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We're going to bring the meeting to a close. Amen. But I pray that you don't leave here without being there. Amen. in the temple of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So, ponder upon the things that have been spoken. Sometimes what's needed if a dietician is telling you that you have been eating junk food and you've been eating bad foods that's affecting your body, he's going to change your diet. Yes. That's right. So, as we ponder upon these things, you let this Holy Spirit be the designer of your heart. When you go home and say, "Lord, what have I been feeding on?" Amen. When you're saying feeding, what am I listening to? What am I seeing? Amen. What am I speaking? Amen. Replace Netflix with the message of the hour. Amen. Replace shows with the message of the hour. Amen. Get rid of all the junk and then you watch the Holy Spirit start to work. Once you allow that bacteria to affect you, it'll be multiplication upon multiplication. Multiplication. Amen. Amen. So, the Lord bless you and keep you. Thanks for coming out. We love you. Appreciate you. Amen. And we have some refreshments out there. Amen. We'd like you to partake of that. Amen. And uh just have some fellowship. The Lord bless you even as we leave. Let's sing as we go. Amen. Continue singing the song. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. I am. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. I am visible. Oh yes, I am. Yes, I am. I am visible. I am full of the Holy Ghost. I'm full of praise, full of power, full of [Music] glory. Full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Music.
