################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - The Kingdom : Bro Japheth Chetty |  30-04-2025 - Japheth Chetty - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   The Kingdom : Bro Japheth Chetty |  30-04-2025
Speaker: Japheth Chetty
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQxLjf-yVFM
========================================

with amazing that you have. Listen to God's promise. He is the [Music] [Music] Cy. He gave the bra the prophet cry. Yes. One more time. I'll ride this train. I say the [Music] Lord. So be faithful. Believe believe with the message with the message anywhere. Listen to God's pro. He's with you. Walk in the [Music] light. Is what I promise. his blood of proitance. You see, he gave the bride for me my daughter. For me, my daughter the prophet cry. I shall ride item but just faithful [Music] believe that you ever listen to my offer his [Music] mercy walking the light. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may take your seats this afternoon. I think we call it the tithe and the offerings. I have a song for that there. Um, very old school. Got any rivers? Got any rivers? Amen. Wonderful. Hallelujah. I used to sing all the time. When I didn't know how to get through it was my team thought to every child he be of good car got be unto Joshua went over God pointed the way Jordan and crossable see so impossible bound to that you win the match anymore. Not any universe, not any river beauty above. Not any mountain you can [Music] clize the things possible [Music] any other battle to win battles to win with the [Music] obstacles walls. to my fall to the ground. I never fail [Music] Easter. Not any river you think I cross the boat. You have any mountain you can cut them through. God specialize the thing of the [Music] impossible and he will make a way just for me and you. God is the same as he was the above. He'll make a way to the water just for you. Life situation by him. I'm in above mountain that heal the world and just come together river cross by any mountain you saw. [Applause] And he will do what I one more time. Not any river, not any river to think of uncross. Not any [Music] mountain. Not specializing of the impossible. Amen. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. We worship you. Amen. Hallelujah. We give you glory Lord. [Music] Lord we we sow in our heart the testimonies of our life journey. how you brought us through Lord from our children to to our homes and the redemption power of transforming us and bringing us to a state of adoption giving us garments Lord and and unmmerited so many things Lord we were so sick in sin our life is so full of everything else we didn't know which way to turn to but Jesus never failed he never turned his face away he never walked away he always was there he kept his word he said I'll be with you and even in you until the end of the end of the end. Your word, Lord, stands forever, Lord. Everything shall sink. Uh, Lord, everything shall crumble. But we believe and we standing upon your word that can never fail. Your word brings peace. Your word brings joy. Your word brings happiness. Your word bring healing. Your word brings deliverance. Your word brings transformation. Your word brings resurrection power. power that the world does not know. We have and this great Jesus has given it to us freely. Therefore, we will serve the way. Oh Lord, we not care. We do not care what the next what they would have to say. All we want to do is please you. When we sing that song, Lord, and we look back at our testimonies, how many mountains you brought down, oh, how many times you brought healing, how many times, Lord, you met our needs. Lord, we've been so unfaithful. How many times, but you stood faithful. Thank you, Jesus. May my praise, may they praise, may all our praise be acceptable. Thank you for your mercy. We have brought the sacrifice. Now we wait for the fire. The desires we have is for this world. It could be our last meeting and they say that the rapture is such an excitement. I'm very happy. There's not a place that I can lay my eyes on my children. It's no more the same. God, we wait on you. We know your servant that you have chosen. Yes, Lord. And the word that you put will transform us through that. Therefore, I am believing and trusting in you. Amen. You never failed me. Yes, Lord. Where I was and how you brought us through. Wish it could be just a overnight service that we could share testimonies of how God brought us through. Oh yes. And each one could come and tell of the goodness of Jesus. How wonderful you are. Thank you once again Lord that you've given me an opportunity to sing a few songs with the redeemed and you brought us from where we are Lord. We thank you Lord Jesus. We ask our brother to pray for the tithe and the offerings and the word of God to come. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. I should have pray. I'd like to sing the song. Maybe you know the song right where I belong. Love the song. The testimony. your testimony of where you are that our God brought us to and he brought us to heavenly places where we could sit now be seated in heavenly places and and and listen to the word of the Lord. Hallelujah. You're happy. I'm happy. Hallelujah. Um, I'll go with the chorus and I'll sing the f first and get familiar with the chorus and then [Music] [Music] I [Music] am Lord. Anyway, I'm just a little up and my [Music] strength know you got the meaning that I had a faith. But when I'm wrong, you strong. So there is nothing going wrong. You brought me to let me ride you [Music] high [Applause] way below. [Music] Oh, your grace and your love through the earth have brought me home. [Music] Hallelujah. Where am I? [Applause] [Music] and I hallelujah that you've taken me from to heavenly places where you I sing from me to the Let me right. [Applause] Close your eyes. Number one, sing right where I belong. Right where [Music] [Applause] I [Music] belong. Lord, your praise and your love to the earth have brought me along. Who am [Applause] I? Who am I? You take me from the pit to heavenly places. With you I s you brought me to where I belong. I just want to do one more verse. [Music] Who am I? Lord, let me [Music] down. Just let your name be glorified at your service, Lord. Lord, here I stand. your will. If my command defeat, for he died to set me free. And you did it all willingly to bring me to that day. I will belong. Can you lift your head without right where I [Music] am [Music] belong your grace and your love Lord your grace and your love for the earth have brought me along. [Music] Oh, who am [Music] I? Who am I? Lord, you've taken me. You've taken me from the f. You given me places with you I said. You brought me to that place. Right. I belong. Like to end the song over to our dear pastor. Right where I belong. Highway belong. [Music] Amen. Your grace and your love through the years have brought me along. [Music] Who am I? Who am I? You've taken me from the pits. You've taken me from the to heavenly places. With you I sit. Places. With you I sit. You brought me to that place, right where I belong. Amen. Father, we thank you, Lord, that we can sing, oh God, and worship you, Lord. And Lord, sing of our journey, Lord, and where you brought us from, oh God. How you saved us from a life of sin, oh God. We just want to glorify your name. I thank you even this evening for this time we can come together as believers to worship you Lord. Father, I pray Lord even as we cast our cares upon you and Lord the many things that may have transpired during the course of the day Lord even maybe affect our lives but Father right now we want to submit our spirit Lord our flesh and our soul to you Lord Jesus and ask your Holy Spirit to come and speak to us through your precious word Lord even as we quieten ourselves now in your presence Lord Jesus I pray Lord that your great Holy Spirit will come and have the preeminence Lord Jesus to be able to speak oh God and may we have that listening post, oh God, to hear what the spirit is saying, oh God. And I pray, Lord, will be able to apply to our lives. And we thank you, Lord Jesus. Once again, we pray, Lord, for the sick, the unwell that's not here today, oh God. We pray, Lord, that your healing virtues will flow through their bodies. Oh God, make them every withhold. Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, for those, oh God, that need a touch from you, Lord. Maybe in a backslitting condition, oh God. maybe in a condition Lord where father they need another touch of fresh fire from you Lord and action of the Holy Ghost oh God I pray your angel move through them Lord Jesus and Lord remind them of they ought to be conditioned oh God father that they ought to be in the house of the Lord we commit everything into your hands now even as we come before you and humble ourselves before you ask your blessings in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving amen the Lord bless you may be seated amen I greet you all the precious, the mighty, the holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Who's worthy of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We thank brother Shan for leading the songs. Amen. Amen. I know it may have been a bit different. Uh maybe we don't know all the songs, but I guess you'll learn the songs. Amen. A lot of them are message songs. Amen. Brother Romesh was unwell. He's not here in church tonight. Amen. We thank the show for stepping in and because brother Jeff is sharing the word so we have to rotate. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. But in the body there's diversity of gifts. And each one complimenting each other. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So we're thankful. Amen. That we can be gathered here tonight to worship him and give him praise. Amen. Even as we look around the world, we see a lot of things transpiring. Yes. Amen. And if you're looking in in terms of prophecy and what's happening, you you you you would be paying attention. Amen. That the pope has passed on. Hallelujah. And so made way now for another pope to come in on the scene. And we know that the next one could be the one that finishes it all. Amen. We know the the last pope brought about world religions. It accomplished that. There's no more dialogue about world religions. They were all united. Amen. As one. If you go look at the even the funeral, there was a Catholic priest that was singing in Arabic. Like you thought it was a Muslim person. You know the way they call do those songs. Amen. So they are uniting in a one world religion. That's what our prophet told us. They would unite all religions in a one world religion. Making an image unto the beast. Amen. We must never forget these things which the prophet taught us. Yes. Amen. As much as we want sermons to help us overcome life, this bride is built on revelation of the word. Amen. What what makes us uh not to be deceived is revelation because the prophet had already taught us what to look for. Amen. So, we're not moved. Then there's a there's something interesting that you need to maybe consider in the Roman Catholic own prophecy. There's a prophec Amen. one of the oldtime u cardinals. I don't know where he was. Amen. He was called Malachi and he had prophesied in the 1600s. Amen. That this will be the final pope that's coming on. Even in the where they put the pictures of the pope, they've only got one slot left. Amen. For the pope. So, I'm saying it's not coincidence. If we're running by their timeline, we can see they are saying it's their end. If we're running by the timeline of the US, we can see they are saying they at the end. And if we're running by the bride's timeline, we can see we are at the end. And then don't forget the ultimate timeline is Israel because that is God's time peace. Amen. So they have prepared for all our war and you know what's going on there. Amen. They're reclaiming their territories. Amen. So we are just thanking the Lord as we observing these things. We're also preparing ourselves for what is to come. Amen. Because the bride must be gone before the first born falls. That's what the prophecy is. This bride will be taken away. But in order to be taken away, she needs rapturing faith. Amen. Amen. So, if you're watching the the series of uh how the Lord has been taking us, we are not at the time, Amen. where the lamb has not taken the book. Hallelujah. We're at the time now where the lamb has already taken the book. Redemption's rights have been given to him. He has come down to the earth in Revelation 10 and now pronounced redemption rights upon us married to people and also bringing up to adoption. Do you know there's a portion of the bride body that will only fulfill scriptures that maybe Paul, Ireneius, Martin never fulfilled. Amen. This is now full adoption because adoption can only come at the top. Where was Paul and them? Right at the bottom. But as it narrows down, you may be thinking it's a little group of people. But he says this group of people as they coming up they he's calling them super church, super race as they nearing their headstone. And he says it'll be so in his image and likeness basically they will be Jesus Christ. Amen. Reproduced that it'll fit so perfectly with him. Amen. Amen. Amen. And that what he is calling adoption. That's when we are stepping now into dominion authority. Amen. The thought hit me when I'm driving now. I'll tell you why. There was there's this Hindu guy at work and uh so he's quoting a Christian girl and he was sharing this testimony. I was telling him, "Hey, I'm rushing off to to church now." So he then he he he found it. I didn't know why he was telling me this, but he was telling me this. He says, "You know what? I must tell you about this. It happened last week. He was there at his girlfriend's house and her aunt or somebody basically she stopped breathing. There was no pulse and she just laid stiff there for about 5 minutes. Right? He says, he says she was like dead for 5 minutes. Then one of the Christian aunties came there and she said, "Lord, it's resurrection Sunday. It's resurrection. And as you raised up Jesus, raise up the sister." Hallelujah. Yeah, the sister came back to life. Right now, these are non-es people, right? The rain falls on the just and unjust. Praise the Lord. So, the thought hit me. Mark 16 says, "These signs shall follow them that believe." But adoption, son, believing is not in the equation. They already operating in perfect faith. Thank you, Lord. You get what I'm saying? Hallelujah. We are moving into a position now where believing will not be considered. Thank you Jesus. We don't doubt at all. Now remember what we have kept saying. There is no room for Satan to work because there's no doubt. Satan can only walk in doubt and reasoning. So the message of the hour has come now to position us into adoption age where all doubt is gone. So there's nothing for Satan that he can work through. Amen. With that I don't want to go too much because I don't know how Amen. the Lord is working tonight. So, amen. Let's stand together. We'll sing one song as we prepare our hearts now to hear the word of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory be to his name. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing. There is none like you from J. There is none like you. So no one else. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Sing it again. There's none like you. There is none like you. Amen. Over to brother John. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all [Music] eternity and find there is none like you. Let's sing that one more time. There is none. Oh, there is none like you. Lord, no one else, no one else can touch my heart like you [Music] do. And I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, we bow once again before you. We thank you, Lord, for this time that we can be gathered in your presence, oh God. Hallelujah. Lord, what a great privilege this is, oh God. There's no other place we'd rather be, oh God. And Father, many of times, oh God, Father, maybe we go through trials and testings and we have all of these cares of this life, Father, but when we come into your presence, we know there's fullness of joy, there's peace, beyond your measure, oh God. We can find a relief in your presence, oh God. We can find strength in your presence, oh God. And we pray now, Lord, that your word will come forth and will quicken us, oh God. Will uplift us in faith, oh God. Whatever is lacking in our life, oh God, Father, you know the right spiritual diet to give to us, oh God. And I pray, oh Lord, that Father, you will come and feed us beak to beak this evening, oh God. And that your word will take effect in our lives, oh God. Oh Lord, if there's any hindrance now, we pray, oh Lord, that it will be removed in Jesus name. Every spirit that is not of thine, Father, we cast it out because you've given us the authority, oh God, to cast out every evil spirit, Father. And Lord, I pray, oh Lord, that your sweet Holy Spirit will have the preeminence in this place, oh God. In Jesus precious name, we ask these things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I greet you, Lord, in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And you're blessed to be back in the house of the Lord. Yes. Amen. Brother Tyler, if you could just connect the monitor on the inside as well, just with him on the inside. Amen. We're glad to be back in the house of the Lord. Amen. This is the place where we come to draw strength, where we come to uh uplift our faith. Amen. Amen. Because as Christians, Amen. We know the prophet tells us that the Christian life is not an easy bed of roses. We go to trials. We go through tribulations. But amen, the Lord can prepare us. Amen. By his word, he can strengthen us. Amen. And give us a faith. Amen. So, just to read our opening scripture and then you can be seated. We'll turn to John chapter 20 and we're looking at verse 21. Tyler, maybe you could help me to connect the TV. Let's see if we can get the projector connected onto my laptop. And perhaps we could share the quotes tonight. Amen. John 20 21. Then Jesus Then said Jesus to them again, "Peace be unto you. As my father had sent me, even so send I you." And when he had said this, he breathed it on them and saith unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. Amen. Whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them. And whosoever sins you retain, they are retained. Amen. Just emphasize in verse 22 again. And when he had said this to them, he breatheth on them and said unto them, receive ye the Holy Ghost. And notice how it specifically in verse 23 it now comes into the portion where whoever sins remmit shall be remitted. Whoever sins retain shall be retained. Amen. The Lord add blessings to the reading of the word. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Let's just see if we can get this working. Okay, I think if it's going to go on and off, I'll just pull it out. Amen. The Lord is good. The Lord will grant us grace. Amen. Amen. So, amen. You all happy in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. So, tonight for a little subject, I just want to speak on the kingdom. Amen. We know we are part of a kingdom. Amen. And amen, we are kingdom people. So, we just want to speak on that. But before I go into it, I just want to place this message in in its right context. A few weeks back I was uh away at Jakensburg and on the Sunday Pastor Adrian preached and I was not here and I believed he touched on the subject of the kingdom and I was meant to preach the witness day after that. Um but we had our visiting minister from India and then thereafter we had the Easter conventions and so forth. So I did not preach there then. But when I came back from Jensenburg, I asked pastor, you know, what did you preach on? And he told me that he preached on the kingdom. And I showed him a picture screenshot of my notes and said that's exactly the thoughts that the Lord had given to me. So I'm putting that into context to say if some things are repeated here, then the Holy Spirit is just reaffirming it and reconfirming it. And then maybe the Holy Spirit will also lead us into something that will be a continuation from that. Amen. Then we know it's the same angel of the Lord that's speaking. Amen. So, amen. We're going to speak on this kingdom. And we know that, Amen. We receive a kingdom that cannot be moved. Amen. We know that in this end time, the world is falling apart. The prophet preached the message and we see that the kingdoms have been shaken. But we have received a kingdom that cannot be moved. Amen. So, in the book of John here, Jesus, this is after he died and rose again and is about to leave the scene and ascend. And he's speaking to his disciples. And now he breathes upon them the Holy Ghost. Yes. And he says, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Now we know that the disciples received the Holy Ghost on at the upper room experience. So there was a question put forth to the prophet and they asked him what's the difference between this portion of scripture where Jesus is breathing upon them the Holy Ghost and then when they gone in the upper room and received the Holy Ghost. What's the difference? And the prophet says [Music] here, Jesus breathed on the disciples and said, "Receive ye here the Holy Ghost." And when they had to go to the upper room to tar, it was a promise he gave them. Breathe upon them his promise. Yes. And said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." It was a promise. So they did not receive the Holy Ghost at that point. Jesus breathed upon them a promise. And then when they went onto the upper room, they had to carry there. And then that promise was fulfilled. Amen. When they received power from on high. Amen. Because Jesus told them ta in Jerusalem until you shall receive power from on high. Yes. So just like that, there's many promises now that's been given to this bride. And we've been believing these promises all through the years. You know, this bride is the super church, the super race. The bride is to prophesy again. She'll be an invincible army. Now those promises were breathed upon us by the prophet. Amen. Yes. But that was not the fulfillment of it when he prophesied it. Amen. But now comes the time. Amen. When we've been tearing all through the years and waiting upon the Lord and believing it in our heart, now comes the fulfillment of that promise. Amen. So the prophet goes on to say here, I'll give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. This is Jesus now saying talking to the disciples when he spoke to Peter and Peter had this revelation of who Jesus was and he said I'll give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. What is the kingdom of heaven? The Holy Spirit. Amen. There should be no doubt in our hearts what what the kingdom of God is. It's the Holy Spirit. Amen. And the Bible said the kingdom of heaven is within you. Amen. The king he says the kingdom is within you. Now he said some standing here will not see death until they see the kingdom of God come in power. Amen. And just a few days later there was Pentecost. See some stands here right now he had been transfigured and said they won't see it yet until you see the kingdom of God coming in power. Amen. Amen. And then he goes on to say I'm just laying a foundation with these quotes. Amen. He goes on to say the kingdom is within you. When Jesus rose from the dead, remember he had on his side the keys of death and hell, not the keys to the kingdom. So the prophet is saying, "Yeah, Jesus did not have the keys to the kingdom because he gave the keys to the kingdom to the church." Amen. He only has the keys to death and hell. Amen. So the keys to the kingdom is with the church. And he says here, "Do you believe Jesus would keep his word? If he doesn't, brother, he wasn't God." That's all he said. Peter, I'll give you the keys to the kingdom. In other words, to the Holy Spirit. Whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind in heaven. So, you see, God has this kingdom now. And we are subjects of this kingdom. Now, not only are we subjects of this kingdom, we are joint hes. So, we are ruling and reigning with him in in this kingdom. Amen. Amen. And so, in this kingdom, there's it operates by divine laws. Like any earthly kingdom now you have the laws of the land that govern how that country is run. Or perhaps in the olden days when they had a king and a kingdom they had a certain way of doing things just like that. Now in God's kingdom, God's kingdom operates by his spiritual laws. And his kingdom operates by the word of God. Amen. In fact, this kingdom has its own economy, its own currency. This kingdom has its own defense system. Amen. Amen. Its own military system. Amen. You see, God's kingdom, amen, is is such a kingdom, amen, that there's all kinds of attacks against this kingdom. Amen. Because the enemy also has his kingdom. And the prophet says that the enemy now in this end time, he is ruling and reigning in Satan's Eden. And it's a kingdom that he is trying to raise against God's kingdom. Just like how in the beginning in the garden of Eden when God's kingdom was all perfect. Amen. Adam was ruling and reigning but Satan arose his kingdom and started and came through deceit. Amen. To try and deceive the children of God. So God's kingdom has its own defense system. So we want to see amen that we've been a part of this kingdom. Now how do we fall apart from this kingdom? Amen. You will notice that the believer, Amen, his life is a supernatural life. The believer's life, amen, has many facets to it. In as much as he's living in this world, he's not of this world. Amen. He's ruling and reigning from another kingdom. Now, you are going to work, you're going to school, and so forth. And you are participating in an earthly kingdom. Your flesh body is. Amen. But whilst you are doing that, you are ruling and reigning from a spiritual kingdom. Amen. Amen. So in other words, in this kingdom there's sickness and death. Yes. Amen. So when the doctor pronounces sickness upon you, that's in this kingdom. But now you are ruling and reigning not from this kingdom, but from a spiritual kingdom. And so when when they pronounce sickness upon you, you take it up now to a spiritual kingdom. And you say no, the word of God in this kingdom says that I was healed. Amen. You are not trying to govern things through this earthly kingdom. Amen. That is why the Bible says we wrestle not against flesh and blood. Amen. But we wrestle against principalities, powers in high places. Amen. Because the where is the believer's position in Christ? It's seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. You're reigning from a supreme kingdom. Amen. So that is why I said the believer's life is laced with supernatural activities. Now you might not easily sometimes recognize the supernatural happening in your life. You might just take it for granted or overlook things. But I guarantee you if you look closer, you will see the supernatural hand of God in your life. Example, none of us are seated here just on purpose. Amen. God called us to the message of the hour. Now, no doubt each one had their own supernatural experience of how you came to the message. Amen. And I hope you don't mind if I if I preach a little bit of testimony tonight. Amen. Because Amen. Sometimes, Amen. We can preach the quotes. We can preach about the prophet's testimonies, but if you don't have your own testimonies to back up, you're only trying to warm someone with a painted fire. Amen. You're trying to warm someone up with history. Amen. You know, David, when he came to King Saul, now here was King Saul and he had a job position open. He needed someone to defeat Goliath. Amen. He had a job. No one else wanted to take the job or no one was qualified to even take the job. So, here comes David now and he sees this job opening. someone to take down Goliath. And what does he do? He hands his CV to Saul. Wonderful. You know, and Saul starts to look at his CV. He looks at the first page. He says, "Okay, your name is David." He sees, you know, you you're looking quite young for the job. Your age is a bit young. Amen. You know, this guy, he was a warrior from his youth and you haven't been trained in war and you're looking quite young. On top of that, you know, your health doesn't look too good. You look a bit skinny for the job. You know, he looks like a giant eye and you look a bit skinny for the job. So he goes on reading and he says you know where are you from? He says no you are from the tribe of Judah from Bethlehem but no good thing can come out of Bethlehem. We know that. So Saul is looking at his CV now but David says you know what there's another page to the CV. Just turn over. So Saul turns over and he sees past job experiences. Wonderful. Amen. And as he looks at it he sees you know I killed a bear with my bare hands. Once upon a time I killed a lion with my bare hands. What is it? David is preaching to Saul his own experiences so that he he can show that he's qualified for the job. Amen. And so the bride in this hour and more specifically any minister that steps behind the platform must have his own experiences to show that he's qualified for the job. You got to know what you're talking about. Amen. Because the prophet says we can't get warm by a painted fire. Amen. So like I was saying, we each we each all have our own supernatural experiences of how we came into the message. You know when I was out there in the denomination now I wasn't uh you know I wouldn't say I wasn't serving God. I was quite religious in serving God, quite religious in going to church. And you know, I followed my dad, my dad being a preacher. Wherever he went to campaigns late in the night, we'd walk out to 10 meetings. And that was the kind of desire I had. And you know, brother Josh, when he came into the message, he started to witness to me and I started to look at these scriptures. But I couldn't understand for me at that time I couldn't understand how how my brother would tell me these things because prior to that you know Joshua's in the world he had his own experiences and I was never in the world. I was always serving God. So I couldn't fathom in in my mind how my brother would be telling me these things. But nevertheless, you know, I was invited to the service and when I was in the service, you know, it wasn't necessarily some uh great doctrine that caught me or anything like that. But when I was in when I walked into the service, there was the sister singing when he's 4 days late, but he's still on time. And as I walked in and she was singing the song, something just got a hold of me and said, "This is where you need to be." Now bearing in mind this is not an easy thing to do. I had relationships in where I was at my past church. I had a position as a Sunday school teacher. I was uh getting started to get involved in the music there and I was quite heavily involved in the church. So it's not an easy thing just to leave like that you know but something just got a hold of me that it took away all desire to go back and you know maybe I haven't shared this portion of it before when I was much younger you know every um minister or visiting person that would come to my dad or to the churches that we were whenever they used to pray with me they would they would always prophesy and say you know you have a very prophetic anointing on you and now this is like many many people from some from Germany some from Israel all from different parts of life saying this to me and at that time because I was in the denomination I took the denomination interpretation of that meaning that you're going to you know in the denomination you got many prophets now everyone's a prophet in the denomination so I took that as the interpretation of those prophecies and so I would pray and say to God you know if this is what you call me to do I would fast and pray and say show me a vision or show me give give me a prophecy and this is me now at the age of maybe standard four standard three at that young age I'll be seeking the Lord and and saying Lord if if this is your is your will for me then give me these gifts only later on when I came in the message that I realized they were referring to me being under a prophetic anointing because remember the bride is under a prophetic anointing in fact the bride has to prophesy again how can she do that if she's not prophetic amen so you see the bride is under a prophetic anointing But you see, we come through these supernatural experiences that lead us to where God wants us to be. Just like our David now, he needed to be there at the army. And God supernaturally led him there. But before he led him there, he gave him those experiences to build him up. Amen. Amen. Before God sends you to your Goliath, he's going to give you smaller tests. Amen. He's going to build you up in faith. Amen. Now, as I was saying, the believer's life is laced with supernatural. Now, but the difference is the difference is with the believer, they base all the supernatural things according to the word of God. Amen. They always have the word of God as their foundation. Amen. Amen. You can't base Amen. your experience and you can't rely on your experience to tell you the truth. Amen. You got to rely on the word of God. And when your experience matches the word of God, then you can have confidence in it. Amen. You know, many people have experiences. Yes. In fact, I have a friend um you know from school and uh he used to be just a normal Christian just because he was born in a Christian home and after school he went to um you know these police training in Cape Town and he came back to serve as a police officer and when he came back he came back a very changed person. He went on to start to believe in science and he got very analytical about like Steven Daw, Richard Dawkins and Steven Hawkins and all of these great scientists. So over the years we've always had great debates about he'll debate about science to me and I'll debate him about the word of God and we'll try and influence each other to say who is correct, you know, and and we still do that up until today. But about 2 years ago, he had an experience. He had a a sort of a serious illness and he was in hospital. He went for a procedure. So after the procedure and you know he has under all these anesthetics and stuff. Whilst asleep he felt himself slipping away and he felt himself kind of beaming himself. And when this happened, he saw this great light. And when he walked towards this great light, he said, and now he's explaining this experience to me when he came back. He said when he walked towards this great life, he light, he felt such a peace. He said there was no worry, there was no care, there was only joy, there was only peace. But at that moment, he thought his memory came back to him and he thought about his baby. He at that time he just had a baby and he said you know if I step into this light now I'm going to cross over to another dimension and who's going to raise my baby? So he never he never stepped into the light he stepped away and he then came back to himself and he woke up. So he he's sharing this experience to me. And I told him, you know, you had this experience. You as a scientist, you are always saying you need evidence. You need physical evidence. You need to see for yourself. You're always saying that. Now here, God shows you a glimpse of another dimension. In fact, you have more reason to believe now than me because I've never seen that dimension. But yet now, even then, he still doubts. So what am I saying to you? I'm saying your spiritual experience if it doesn't be founded upon the word of God, it doesn't mean anything. Amen. Many people can have experiences, but we thank God for the revelation of the message of the hour that can reveal to us our identity. Because what takes away our spiritual amnesia? It's the revelation of the word. Amen. It's the message of the hour that takes away our amnesia. So you see, many people can have experiences, but the believer's life is different. The believer's life is based on a supernatural experience tied to the word of God. Amen. Amen. So the prophet goes on to say he was crucified, died, rose the third day, was on earth for 40 days among men, and ascended up into heaven and told them, "Wait till they seen the kingdom of God come upon them. At this time, the father will restore the kingdom in a spiritual form to them." Yes. Now, notice what the prophet is saying here. He's saying that because at that time the children of Israel were looking for a physical kingdom. They were looking for Jesus to come and physically take over and defeat the Romans and start to rule and reign physically upon the earth. Yes. But Jesus is telling them, "No, I've not come to do that. I've come to reveal to you a spiritual kingdom." Amen. Amen. And why I say that is because you know it's very easy in this day now to say you know we are going to our heavenly kingdom when we go in the rapture we are going into that new dimension and then we got the future home of the bride. It's all good to believe in those things and those things will come. But first Jesus has to restore the spiritual kingdom. He has to give you the keys to the kingdom which is the Holy Spirit. And you've got to rule and reign from his spiritual kingdom first before we go to that physical kingdom. Amen. So, amen. That is why he calls it the keys to the kingdom. Amen. Without that, you can't even enter. What did Jesus say? Unless you be born again, you can't even see the kingdom of God, let alone enter the kingdom of God. Amen. So, amen. We'll turn to our B Bibles to the book of Luke. And we know that Jesus came to represent this kingdom to us. We know that Adam ruled and reigned in this kingdom. And we know Jesus was the second Adam who showed us how Adam lived. He came to show us what kind of a man that Adam was. Amen. So if you want to look at Jesus life through the scriptures, you are going to see how Jesus is ruling and reigning in this kingdom and how he wants this kingdom to operate. Amen. Amen. Now here Jesus is sending out the 77 disciples right and this is before they received the Holy Ghost. So before they received the kingdom he says after these things we reading from verse uh chapter 10 verse 10 sorry 10:1 after these things the Lord appointed 70 others also and sent them two by two ahead of him into every city and place whether he would come himself. Therefore, he said unto them, "The harvest truly is great, but the laborers are few. Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that he would send forth laborers into his harvest." So, first we can see in the kingdom of God, there is a harvest to reap. Amen. Amen. There's labors in the kingdom of God and there is a harvest to reap. Amen. Amen. Now, if we go to verse four, he says, "Carry neither person nor pack nor shoes and salute no man by the way." What is what is he what is he trying to say? He's trying to say in this kingdom when you are going to serve the Lord. Amen. You got to not have any thought for your own life. Amen. Amen. You got to forsake your own life, you got to forsake the cares and burdens of this life. Amen. Amen. And into whatsoever house you enter, first say, "Peace be to this house." And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it. If not, it shall return unto you again. Amen. We're just going to skip over to verse 9. and heal the sick that are therein and say unto them the kingdom of God is come n unto you. So here when they are going out preaching the gospel and healing the sick Jesus is saying the kingdom of God is coming n unto you. Now he's giving us clues here of how this kingdom operates. In other words, in this kingdom, amen, the sick is healed in this kingdom. The good news is preached in this kingdom. Amen. The backsliden is delivered. Amen. He's giving us a clue of how this kingdom operates. But notice he's saying the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you. It is not saying the kingdom of God has come to you because the Holy Spirit had not come as yet. But in whatsoever city you enter and receive you not, go your way out and into the streets of the same and say, even the very dust of your city which cleaveth on us, we do wipe against you. Notwithstanding, be ye sure of this that the kingdom of God is come nigh unto you. Amen. Amen. So you see when the good news is being preached, we are preaching the kingdom of God to the people who are introducing them to another kingdom, something that's different from the kingdom that they are accustomed to. Amen. Now the disciples then they go out and they fulfill this, right? And they come back to Jesus. Amen. We go on to verse 17. And the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name. And Jesus said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. Now, this is very interesting. I always thought that this meant Jesus was referring back to when Lucifer fell from heaven. But when I researched and saw what the prophet said about it, that's not what he says. He says in in explaining the scripture he says that was immediately after this after the disciples went out and did did this cast out evil spirits and so forth Jesus gave his disciples power against unclean spirits and they went out casting out devils sent them two by two and said don't go to the Gentiles but go rather to the lost sheep of Israel as you go preach then the kingdom of heaven and heal the sick and cast out devils and so forth and they came back rejoicing happily. And he said, "Rejoice not because the devils are subject unto you, but rejoice because your names are written in heaven." He said, "I beheld Satan fall from heaven like lightning." Now, see what this means. See the power of that church moving forward had upset the whole kingdom of Satan. You see, and he saw him referring to Satan as he dropped from places. What is he saying? He's saying when this 77 went out casting out devils, he saw Satan drop dimensions. He saw Satan fall from higher places. In other words, the kingdom of Satan started to be get destroyed. Amen. Just by them going out casting out evil spirit. They started to destroy the kingdom of God. And Jesus is saying as you were doing that, I saw Satan started to fall. Amen. So if this was the 77 before they received the Holy Ghost, before they received the kingdom of God. Amen. How much more are the church when they receive the kingdom of God and are operating by a kingdom principle? Amen. We said many times, amen, when we say, "Thus say the Lord," Amen. It's atomic warfare on the enemy. Amen. The enemy's kingdom is being destroyed. That is why Jesus said when you are casting out devils, I saw Satan fall. Amen. Hallelujah. So don't doubt your prayers. Amen. Don't doubt your confession. Amen. Because when you speak, Amen. It's impacting realms. It's impacting dimensions. Amen. because you are ruling and reigning from a spiritual kingdom. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory, Lord. Thank you, Lord. And then he goes on to say the scripture now in verse 19, behold, I give you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you. Therefore, we don't have to worry. We don't have to fear. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. is worthy of all praise. Amen. Aren't you glad to be a part of this king? Amen. Amen. Amen. Just bear with me. We don't have the quotes today, so I'm trying to digest it easily for you. Amen. So Jesus goes on, Amen. talking about this kingdom and someone uh reach someone screams out to him and and they say apparently it's a lawyer. Amen. So these lawyers are bad guys. Amen. So he screams out to him and say, "You know what? What can I do to receive then eternal life? You're talking about this kingdom. How can I receive it?" And now look at where Jesus directs him to after he says, "Have you followed the commandments and so forth?" Jesus now refers into the good Samaritan. Jesus is taken into charity because Amen. Why is charity so important in this kingdom? Amen. Because this kingdom is operating by charity. Amen. Hallelujah. If you don't have charity, you can't operate in the kingdom of God because what? Eternal life is living for others. And how do you live for others without charity? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So Jesus refers into charity. Amen. Hallelujah. Then to end of the scripture, the same chapter from there, Jesus then goes on now and now they go to the story of ma Martha and Mary. Amen. And I'm continuing with the scripture because Jesus is showing you how the kingdom operates, right? And now he goes on to Martha and Mary and we know the story how uh Martha gets uh upset now with Mary because Mary is not helping her with all of the chores and all of these things and Mary's sitting at Jesus' feet and and Martha comes to Jesus and say you don't care that you know Mary is not helping you but Jesus says Mary has chosen that better portion. Amen. See in the kingdom of God you got to forget about the cares of this life. You got to choose that better portion. Amen. You got to choose that portion which has eternal merit. Amen. That portion that will not corrupt. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Just one more scripture on this point. Luke 11:18. It says, "If Satan also be divided against himself, how shall his kingdom stand? Because ye say that I cast devils through Belove. And if I by Belove cast out devils, by whom do your sons cast them out, therefore shall they be your judges." Now listen to what Jesus says. But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God has come upon you. Notice this this recurring theme. Amen. The kingdom of God involves the casting out of evil spirits. And Jesus is saying if I by the finger of God, in other words, because the spirit of God is dwelling in Jesus, now the fullness of God dwells in Jesus. So the Holy Spirit is embodied in Jesus. So he said, if I by the spirit that lives in me cast out these evil spirits, the kingdom of God is come unto you. And that's the same how when the believer is filled with the Holy Spirit now and is now manifesting as a word son of God by the spirit that's within him then he's operating by the kingdom principle now. Then when he speaks the kingdom is in operation that is why that is what Jesus is trying to show us. Amen. Through the scripture. Amen. Now we know that Mary types the elect of God. Right? Mary received the angel's message. Yes. And she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Right. And then the word took conception in her and there had to be a time of conception where she carried, amen, the seed within her for 9 months. But then there came a time when she had to now deliver this baby. Right. The word made flesh. Yes. So she delivers this the word made flesh. And the word starts to grow up. starts off as a child in in its infancy and the word starts to grow up. Now the word comes to the age of accountability at the age of 12. Right? And here Mary and Joseph now attends the the Passover in Jerusalem. Amen. And you know that's kind of like our Easter convention around Easter time. Every year they would attend this Passover. Amen. And after performing all of their religious affairs, you know, they started to make their journey on their way back home. And on their way back home, they realized that they they left the word back in Jerusalem. You know, like some people after the convention, they leave the word at the convention. They don't take the word with them. Amen. They were so focused on their religious affairs that the word made flesh which he brought forth, they forgot back in Jerusalem. But thankfully the prophet tells us, amen, if you realize something is wrong in your life, go back to where you left God. Amen. So Mary and Joseph starts to retrace back their steps. They start to ask around amongst their relatives, have you seen the word made flesh? Now that's already a wrong picture. Yeah. Because you bought the word made flesh. Now you are looking for the experiences of other people. Amen. It's supposed to be protected and safeguarded by yourself. Amen. Amen. So they make their way back to Jerusalem and they find the word where the word is always. The the word is always about the father's business. Amen. Amen. So whenever you find yourself lost and drifted away, come back to the father's business. Come back to the kingdom of God. Now remember our topic. We're talking about the kingdom of God. Yes. So here the word now is is is speaking to all of these Pharisees and these great teachers and is and they all marvel at his wisdom because why? He's speaking from another kingdom now. They've never heard this before. They've never heard such speech before. Yes. And so Mary and Joseph now come all upset and they ask Jesus, you know, why have you done this to us? Now like it's the word's problem. Now they were supposed to be taking care of the word. They ask Jesus, "Why have you done this to us? We've been looking all over for you." And Jesus then corrects them and tells them, "Don't you know I'm about my father's business. I must be about my father's business." Right? But I want to show you now what Mary does. Mary then, you know, she, you know, parents are, they must have been frustrated, must have been upset and kind of scolds him. And she then takes Jesus with them, right? And the Bible goes on to say, "Then he went down to Nazareth with them and was obedient to them." Now notice now instead of them being obedient to the word, the word now is being restricted by them. Now remember, Mary is typing the individual. Yes. Mary is typing us. And this is how we can restrict the word in our lives. This is how the flesh body can sometimes jump up and want to take control of the spirit man. Yes. Amen. So that is what is happening here. And notice from that point from the age of 12 we don't hear nothing about Jesus until he reaches 30. Yes. Why? Because now the word is now following Mary. So that inhibits the ministry. Now I don't mean to sound sacriiggious because we know God has everything in his will. God had an appointed time, right? But I'm just trying to show you the type of how we can restrict the word from fulfilling what it's supposed to be fulfilling. Amen. And so now we don't hear nothing about Jesus up until the age of 30. And now comes Amen. After Jesus goes down to the river Jordan and gets baptized and so forth and the spirit indwells him, now they come to the wedding. Amen. at Kaa of Galilee and the wine runs out. Now here comes now the mother of Jesus. The Bible says calls her the mother of Jesus here in verse 2 in John chapter 2:2 or verse one. And the third day was a marriage in Canaa of Galilee. And the mother of Jesus was there. And both Jesus was called and his disciples to the marriage. And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus said unto them, "They have no wine." Jesus said unto her, "Woman." Now notice firstly the word corrects the error. All along it said, "The mother of Jesus." And Jesus says, "Yeah, woman." He doesn't call her mother. Says, "Woman, what have I to do with thee?" In other words, why are you bothering me? Why are you troubling me? This is not my for not my problem. if the wine is wine out. And he says, now look what he says, my hour is not yet come. Now the same Mary that restricted the word when he was at 12, when he was ready to to confound the Pharisees and confound the teachers and go about the father's business, was ready to do all of that now was restricted up until the age of 30. And now he says, "Now my hour is not yet come." Amen. So the same Mary now because she restricted the word, she has to be the one to put the word back in effect. So if you restrict the word in your life, Amen. the word is not going to take effect until you recognize what you did and you bring the word back into effect in your life. Amen. Because the word is made flesh. Amen. By you. You bear the word. Amen. So now you you got to reap the fruits of the word. Amen. And so you got to know how to operate the word. So Mary now, even though Jesus said that, she pays no attention to that. She tells the servant, "Do what he says." Amen. So in other words, Mary has so much of confidence now in the word that she puts the word into effect. Amen. So we could have believed the the word the message of the hour for years and years. Amen. That does not mean the word is in effect. There's got there's come a time now when the bride of Christ is now starting to put the word in effect. Amen. Perhaps they've restricted the word all of these years by just saying no, we believe it in our heart. Because if we go back to the scripture there when when it says that Jesus was obedient to them, it says but me but but his mother treasured all these things in her heart. See, she kept she kept the message in her heart. That's good. She believed it in her heart. That's good. But we know amen that what you have in your heart, you've got to put it in your mouth. You've got to confess it. You've got to put it into action. If it just says in your heart, it's not going to materialize. Amen. The word has got to be manifested. Amen. Amen. So now Mary realizes that and she now brings the word into manifestation and from then on now we see the word made flesh walking in his ministry. Amen. Hallelujah. Then the word now can take full effect. Amen. Hallelujah. He's worthy of all praise. Amen. Amen. Now we know the prophet preached the message uh Christ the mystery of God revealed and we know the first part of the mystery was God was manifesting himself through Jesus Christ. He wanted to reveal himself through Jesus Christ and then he said the second fold part of the mystery was to have the preeminences in the church. Right? And we know the third fold part is to restore the kingdom. restore us back to the original condition like it was in the garden of Eden. Amen. Amen. And notice that when the first part of the mystery was complete, it had to give way for the second fold. In other words, when Jesus finished complete the mystery, the first part of the mystery, he now gave way for the church for the Holy Spirit to have the preeminences in the church. And now for years and years, we've preached, amen, that we are in the second full part of the mystery. Christ is having the preeminences in the church. Amen. But now we are transitioning into the third part of the ministry or the third part of the mystery where God is restoring us back. That's why you're here in the word. Amen. Of how Adam was. Amen. So we can be restored back to Adamike condition. Amen. That is why you seen the type of how Jesus showed us how Adam operated. Why? Because God is restoring us back to our heavenly kingdom. God is ready to transition into that third phase. the great mystery that he had in the back part of his mind. Amen. So, we got to be sure, amen, that we don't just get stuck in the second mystery, but we start to transition with God. Because when God moves, we got to move with God. Amen. When the pillar of fire move, the children of Israel had to move. Amen. So, as God is going into this third phase, now we've got to now also go into this third phase. Amen. And we've got to catch what God is doing. Praise God. And you know, we see that God in this third phase of of the mystery, right? He's restoring the kingdom. But before he can restore the kingdom and before he can restore us back to Adamic condition, he has to restore us with the right spirit. Amen. That is why we have to receive the Holy Spirit, which is the keys to the kingdom. Amen. Amen. Because we've heard, amen, that's been preached throughout the last few weeks that the original spirit that Adam has what was the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. So that is why now the Holy Spirit is so important. God has to give us the keys to the kingdom. Give us our right spirit to begin with. And when we have the right spirit to begin with, then we can be restored back to our Adamike condition. Amen. Amen. And then now we can operate as Adam operated. We can walk like Adam walked. We can speak like Adam spoke. Amen. Now the prophet says, "And if a man says he's born again and try to place these promises of Christ in the last days to some other age and make him Christ yesterday but not today, then that man or that person has been in a delusion by Satan." Amen. So in other words, if God is now trying to tell us week in and week out that amen, I am restoring you back to the original condition to be a God man on the earth again. And if you say that is a future tense, a future tense, the prophet is saying you are under delusion. Amen. Because God is saying this is a promise for this hour. The angel of the Lord is confirming that this is a promise for this hour. Amen. It's not a future tense. Amen. So we got to move with God. Amen. The prophet goes on to say, "These signs shall follow them that believe into all the world and to every age, casting out devils, speaking with tongues." Are you seeing the recurring theme about the kingdom of God? Amen. Always the supernatural casting out devils. Amen. And all these great manifestations of gifts that will follow. Now, they it's not they may be or they ought to. They will follow. Amen. and heavens and earth will pass away but his word won't. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Now, you see, we've got to believe that. We've got to believe that we are now living in the right time where God now is bringing us back to that condition. And we got to believe. Amen. The prophet says, you know, there's a quote further on where the prophet says, you might have a doubt in your heart and saying, you know, maybe it's not me or maybe I don't have it within me. He said, don't think like that. If you have the word of God living in you and you believe the word of God for your age, then you have it. Amen. Because you cannot accept this word unless the Holy Spirit reveals his word to you. Amen. And all that God has called, he's not going to lose. Amen. God said he hid it from the wise and children of this world. But revealed it unto babes such as we learn. So if it's revealed it to you, the kingdom of God is within you. There be no doubt. Amen. So amen. If the kingdom of God is within us, Amen. There should be no doubt that Amen. If the dead is placed before us, we can raise them back up again. If the sick is placed before us, amen, we can pray for the sick. Amen. How many of you believe that? How many of you believe that? Amen. If there was a condition here in the church tonight, Amen. that needed the healing hand of God and the deliverance power of God. Amen. That we could be the ones that God could turn to. Amen. Because remember in the kingdom, in Saul's kingdom, there was no one that God could turn to. But there was a David that stepped forth. There was a David all of the past experiences that could step forth and said, "Who is this Philistine?" Amen. That defies the army of the living God. Amen. And that is why from 2023, God has been giving us these experiences, building us up, building us upon our most holy faith. Amen. Increasing our faith. Amen. And that is why now we can speak. Amen. And when we speak, we believe it will come to pass. But now, Amen. We got to compare apples with apples. Amen. Because in the book of acts when the Holy Spirit the kingdom of God is poured out upon the church. Amen. We've got to compare back to that and see if we compare. Amen. If if they when they received the Holy Spirit came out with such a boldness, we've got to look within ourselves. Are we bold? Amen. Or are we afraid? Are we afraid to declare the message of the hour? Are we afraid to declare the healing power of God? Are we afraid to lay hands on the sick? Amen. I'm reminded now not so long ago. Amen. We we were at a combined service and you know maybe I'll get into trouble for saying this. We were at a combined service and here the minister falls six fall sick and he and he faints you know and here is super church super bride sitting in the audience. Amen. And the first thing that happens is they rush up the ministers to the doctors. But super church super race is sitting here in the audience. Now come and I if we are saying that we are the super church super race operating from a heavenly kingdom what power does an earthly doctor have over a super church and I can show you by the scripture that that is not scripture because when Paul was preaching one day amen there was a man that fell down dead and Paul went and he raised him up a Paul said if I the wise master build up lay the foundation take care that another man doesn't come and lay another foundation Here in the end time comes another WMBB a wise master builder William Miam Brandom and brother falls sick in the church brother way and what brother Brandon does he doesn't see a vision he doesn't hear from the Lord but he goes and says Lord give us back brother way and he raises him up Amen. So if this is the same church operating by the same spirit we got to operate in the same way. Amen. We got to compare apples with apples. Amen. We got to tell it like it is. Amen. Because if we don't, who will? Amen. There's got to come an hour when the church is not afraid. Amen. Because Saul and his army was afraid to face Goliath. Amen. But David, because of his past experiences, he could stand with boldness. Amen. That is why I said earlier on, you cannot be warm by a painted fire. That is why I said as a minister, if you come here, you've got to have your own experience. Amen. Because when the hour comes and presents itself before you and the challenge presents itself before you, what are you going to do? Amen. Amen. Because there's unbelievers looking. Amen. The the challenge is going to be put to you. Amen. And then what are you going to do? What are you going to do on the day when the rapture takes place and it's time for a body change? Are you going to call your plastic surgeon and say, "Can you just quickly fix me up and give me a body change?" What are you going to do? You're going to rely on medical science? No. We've got to rely on the supernatural hand of God. Amen. We are reigning from a supreme kingdom. Amen. We are the children of the most high God. Amen. There is no army that can defeat us. There is no demon power that can defeat us. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, this is the kingdom that God has presented on us. It's not a kingdom that can be defeated. It's not a kingdom that can be moved. Amen. But it's the Holy Spirit now operating in human flesh bringing us back into a God man condition. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. is not the time, amen, for message quotes and message doctrines. Amen. The time for manifestation, amen. This is the season, Amen. Not tomorrow, not a few years from now. In fact, a few years from now, the rapture will take place. But this is a season where the sons and daughters of God are manifesting in this hour. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a quick short work before the rapture. Amen. So, if it's a quick short work, we better hurry up. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. and let's see if we can speed up here. Amen. I got a lot of quotes, but we'll just skip through some of them. [Music] Amen. The prophet says, "Then our headship is a kingdom. The kingdom of God is within you." Said the Bible, Jesus, the kingdom. We are not a denomination. We belong to a kingdom. You know, just just the thoughts coming back to me now went back to that incident that happened. It so happened when that incident happened at the combine, the same voice that I heard, that still small voice that spoke to me many years ago when I came to the convention and said, "This is where you need to be." Is the same voice that spoke to me that night and said, "This is why I need soldiers." And now if you might think, Norman, maybe you just thought that. But then as I walk out of this the service, I go to greet pastor Adrian and he tells me, "God bless brother. God needs soldiers. The exact same thing the spirit just told me in the service. Hallelujah. You see, so the angel of God is confirming. Amen. These are not our opinions. This is the angel of the Lord confirming. Amen. And the kingdom is the word of God made spirit and life in our own life, bringing to pass every promise in this day as it did in that day when the word and God was one. And the word and God is one in his church today. That's the kingdom. Amen. God is one with his church. Making it the headship of the body that is redeemed to bring the message in the last day. Amen. Now notice we are in the shout, right? Yes. And the shout gathers the living saints. But we know that the shout releases the Holy Spirit upon the age. Because down through the ages, the the the word of God was lost. The Holy Spirit takes his flight. Amen. But there come a restoration. Amen. justification, sanctification, and the restoration of the gifts. But now the shout releases the genuine Holy Spirit, Amen, onto the age, unto the people of God. Amen. And when this happens, Amen. The shout, we heard a few weeks ago, the shout brings you into the door and the door is shut. Amen. Now, what is that door? It's bringing you into a kingdom. Yes. Amen. Now, think about Esther. Now, there were many candidates, but Esther was chosen to be married to the king. And when that happened, she was called into the palace. Yes. Amen. And when she was called into this now, a new kingdom, she was ruling and reigning in a new kingdom. She may not have realized the full effect of what she had, but she was marching around as queen in this new kingdom. But there come a time when she realized what a true effect was, what a true power was, what an inheritance was. But she always had it. Amen. So the shot brings us into this new kingdom by releasing the Holy Spirit. Amen. Now we see the promise being fulfilled. Amen. Christ the true headship going in coming in his bride doing the same works that he did at the beginning. Amen. And making ready and fulfilling his word as he did. John 14:12. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall ye do also. Amen. Then the head and the body are becoming one in works and in sign and in life. You see, you got to be one in works and in sign and in life. Vindicated by God himself through his promised word for the last days. Amen. And the prophet says if you are spiritual, you'll catch it. Now, I like what the prophet says here, we have Satan's answer. Yes. Amen. God has vindicated himself. God has proved himself to his promise in this day. The headship is here. Christ the risen Lord is here in the same power of his resurrection that he was manifesting himself. There's the devil's answer. That's the reason when this man sitting here now we just spoke just now about brother way. Right? Here's the prophet confirming it again. That's the reason when this man sitting here dropped dead the other day. sitting here we could say come back to life cuz the Holy Spirit said so that's why it could do it to that little baby back yonder in Mexico you see the headship and the body has become one unit you see we have the devil's answer now even if the devil throws death at us we have the answer that is why Paul could say oh death where is your sting oh grave where is your victory you've got to have the devil's answer in this hour if not you are not fully in the message of the hour because the message comes to give us the answer. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We see the condition of the people. We see the condition of politics. We see the condition of the world. It can't stand. It's got to sink like the Titanic. It must go down. For theirs give room, one nation gives room to another as it falls. And this kingdom, this earthly kingdom must fall to give room for our kingdom. Amen. That is why the kingdoms are falling. Because it's giving room for a new kingdom that's ushering in. Amen. Because Christ is coming to rule and reign with his queen. Amen. That is why the nations of the earth are falling. Because a new kingdom is coming. Now notice what he says here. For we receive a kingdom that cannot be moved through. How? How do we receive this? Through this perfect image of God, the masterpiece, the perfect image, the God man. Amen. So here's now the kingdom. Now the God man. Look how he brings it back to the God man, back to Adamic condition. The perfect image, the God man, God in Morphe had changed from supernatural to vision. And the vision was projected into the image. And the image was smitten so that the supernatural could taste the feeling of death. God's perfect masterpiece. Amen. And now we know in the end time, God is now being vindicated again through the God man. Amen. You and I. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We're almost done. Amen. And the prophet says, "We receive a kingdom that cannot be moved." How did we get into it? Not by a religious system, but a kingdom of God is within you. The kingdom, the king and his word is the same and it's within you. Vindicating the hour we're now living in the promise that God made for this age. Here we are living with the king, sitting in heavenly places watching him do these things. Hallelujah. So it's not us that's doing it. Hallelujah. It's God doing it through us and we are just standing by and watching. That is why the prophet said it wasn't I that appeared at the river. Amen. I was just standing there. It wasn't I that discerned the hearts of the people. I was just standing there. The angel of the Lord used my mouth. Amen. So, here we are. Amen. Just yielding ourselves to the Holy Spirit. That the kingdom of God can be unveiled to us, expressed to us as God made, sons and daughters of God on the earth again. Amen. And do we have the answer to the devil's question? Amen. Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We receive a kingdom that cannot be moved. Amen. Hallelujah. I pray that. Amen. has encouraged you. Amen. Amen. Don't let any doubt creep up in you because remember Satan is the master of doubts. That's his job is to create doubt because he can't touch your life. So the only thing he can do is create doubt. That is why the prophet said the greatest battlefield is in our minds. Amen. Amen. And that is why the prophet also said if she gets a true revelation of who she is, she'll be a super church, a super race. Amen. So, hallelujah. We are victorious in Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Even as we call our pastor forward, let's just sing a song. Amen. Let's sing. Victory is mine. Amen. Because we have the victory. Amen. We are victorious church. Amen. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. [Music] I chose Satan. Get thee be. Make the day is mine. Sing the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. [Music] Well, I told Satan to get me behind. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine. Jesus, for I am my beloved and he is mine. Jesus, it is mine. And I told Satan, get thee behind me. Jesus, today is mine. Amen. Let's give the Lord a good hand of praise. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that you're part of the kingdom? Amen. How do we get into the kingdom? Amen. The body by one spirit. We all baptized into the kingdom. Amen. Hallelujah. And what a privileged people we are. We have the revelation of the name to be baptized in. There are millions and millions and millions of people being baptized in the titles father, son, and holy ghost. But the Lord has revealed it to us. Amen. The name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. If we are buried with him, we shall also be resurrected with him. Amen. Amen. So, we are sons and daughters of the most high God. Let's sing and worship him. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing. Amen. Uh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I want to sing Ancient of Days, but I'm wondering maybe D tonight might be too high. Let's sing it from C. You know it from C. Let's sing it. Amen. Your kingom shall rain over all the earth. Sing unto the ancient of days. None can compare. None can compare. We sing unto Sing it again. Your kingdom shall reign. Your kingdom shall reign over. Reign over all the earth. The ancient and none can compare. We sing our true [Music] every tongue. Oh, every tongue in heaven and earth shall declare your glory. Every knee shall bow at your throne. In worship you will be exalted, oh God, and your kingdom shall not pass away. Oh ancient of days. One more time. Your kingdom shall [Music] reign. Your kingom shall reign over all the earth. We sing unto the ancient dark days. And man can compare. Sing unto. Every tongue, every tongue in heaven and earth shall declare your glory. Every knee shall bow at your throne. In worship. You will be exalted, oh God, and your kingdom shall not pass away, oh ancient of days. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. With our heads bowed and eyes closed. Amen. Let's really press into the kingdom. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know the prophet when he he went beyond the curtain of time and the voice as he was leaving says keep pressing on. Keep pressing on. Amen. Hallelujah. Even when he saw the preview of the bride. Amen. He wanted the bride to keep marching forward. And he told us stay in line. Don't deviate from the left or the right. Don't get out of the kingdom of God. Amen. Amen. The kingdom of God is our protection. Amen. The kingdom of God is our life. Amen. The kingdom of God is what makes us successful. Hallelujah. Without the kingdom, we wouldn't have purpose. Praise the Lord. The kingdom gives us purpose. So, we thank the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. For the Holy Ghost. And I'm praying even tonight. Amen. If you'll be sincere with me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. We can ask the Lord, Father. I want another portion. Oh, God. Amen. Don't be satisfied with what you have. Amen. The moment we are content and satisfied, we can't grow. Praise the Lord. I'll give you an example. If somebody is satisfied, if they're a musician and they're satisfied with just playing a basic three chords, that's all they'll play the rest of their lives. But they if somebody is never satisfied and wants to learn and grow in the kingdom of God, that puts a yearning inside of him. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm saying if we can use that same principle for the things of God. Amen. I The prophet of God said it like this. He says, "I'm not satisfied with how much I have now." He says, "How much he wants to pour in me, that's how much I want." So more of your spirit, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory Jesus. Amen. Let's sing more and more. [Music] [Music] for more and more and more and more of Jesus. More and more and more and more of Jesus. Less and less of me. Less and less of me. We want more and more and more and more of Jesus. Yes. More and more and more and more of Jesus and less and less of me. Less and lesser. One more time. For more and more and more and more of Jesus. More and more and more and more of Jesus and less and less of me. Less and less of me. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. With your heads bowed, your eyes closed. Amen. Just hold your altar in your heart to the Lord and say, "Father, you know what I have need of. You know the areas I'm restricting you, oh God. Father, right now I'm breaking down those walls, these barriers, and I'm allowing the Holy Spirit to have access into these areas, oh God." Amen. Even freedom in the spirit. Amen. Some people are so bound. Amen. They can't rejoice over the things of God, over the word of God. Amen. So say Lord break down every barrier. Break down every obstacle oh God. Oh father Lord quicken that seed gene within my soul oh God that father my cup runth over oh God. And father let me grow up to be a mature son and daughter of God father. Lord I'm I'm tired of stunted growth. I'm tired Lord of delayed growth father. But I'm praying Lord for an acceleration oh God of the Holy Spirit upon my life right now. Oh God. Every head bowed and every eyes closed. Amen. If you are trusting the Lord, maybe all of you are not doing it right now. Amen. Because maybe some of you don't want to break through in the spirit realm. Amen. You are restricting the spirit of God. But those of you that are sincere tonight, Amen. that wants to experience the move of God in your life. You want more of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Not just a religious theory. Amen. But you want to see the supernatural power of God. Amen. Just breakthrough. Amen. You in your heart right now. Start to talk to the Lord. Amen. That's how you receive the Holy Ghost. Not me. Amen. But you out of a desire in your hearts. Amen. Saying Lord more of you Lord Jesus. Lord even as I come before you Lord I'm asking Lord for a greater measure greater outpouring Lord Jesus. Even as Lord your prophet had taught us Lord that the dynamics of this church is a refilling oh God. So I'm asking you to refill me Lord. Refill me and refill me oh God. And Lord help me oh God to mature oh God. Help me to come into a maturity father. Lord where you can say this is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased here he him here him here him here him here him here him here him here him here him here him here oh God and father Lord I pray Lord Jesus even as we move into the cycle oh God lord of maturity Lord Father where all things are under our feet oh God and Lord we will be able to operate and Lord have that confidence to know who we are in Jesus Christ oh God what you made us to be oh God I pray Lord Father that you'll break down every barrier every stronghold oh God we will break through frontiers Oh God, Lord, we will break through borders, oh God, and reach enemy places, Father. And Lord, stretching out into eternity, oh God, where we are not, Father, governed by time elements, Father, we're not governed by the flesh, oh God. Not governed by the spirit, oh God, but Lord, that C gene within us, Lord, that new nature taking control, oh God. Father, Lord, to quicken us, Father, and bring that quickening power upon the Cene, oh God. Quickening power upon the body, Lord Jesus. Father where it's life of your life, spirit of your spirit, word of your word, the formation oh God of this bride oh God Lord where she is coming into the image oh God of Jesus Christ oh God I pray Lord you'll take away every obstacle Lord take away every hindrance take away every spirit that's hanging over us oh God hindering the move of God and I pray Lord that there will be a breakthrough Lord Jesus father I pray even in our own lives oh God that Lord there will be a supernatural growth oh God, super suns coming upon the face of the earth, oh God. And Father, I pray, Lord, that you will build us up, oh God. You know, Father, Lord, that you're building us our character, oh God. And I pray, Lord, that you will build us up in the most holy faith, oh God, to know, oh God, what you want done with the word, oh God. Father, hear our cry. We pray, Lord. Yeah, Lord, the cry of our hearts, Lord Jesus. We are hungry and thirsting, Lord. We are not satisfied with what we have right now, Lord. We are saying give us more of you Lord. We are saying we want more of you Lord Jesus. Oh God. Oh how we taste of you and we see that you are good oh God. We love you. We appreciate you Lord Jesus. Father God. Oh we bless your name Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a wonderful Savior we are. What a wonderful Lord we are Lord Jesus. Father Lord I pray you forgive us Lord Jesus where we fault you and fail you Lord forgive us Lord where we haven't allowed you to have the payments Jesus oh blessed be your holy name Jesus breakthrough Lord Jesus hallelujah thank you Lord amen thank you Jesus amen thank you Lord for oh our God is worthy to be praised Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We'll ask brother Caleb in the back. Amen. To close in prayer. Hallelujah. Remembering, Amen. those Amen. hands that are raised, the ones that are not here, that are sick. Amen. Hallelujah. Father, thank you for your precious. Father, once again, reminding us of our condition. This kingdom comes with benefits. Oh Lord, once we in that kingdom, Lord, we don't need to worry about Hallelujah. Father, for you outpour your spirit, oh Lord Jesus, and you are the provider. Yes, Jesus. You are the healer. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, you are the deliveries. Oh God, Lord, we thank you for handing us. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. stand as a witness of Jesus Christ. Father, we pray now Lord that we'll be willing to surrender our lives. Yes, Lord. Father, that you can complete this work that you have. Hallelujah. For even as your prophet has told us, oh God, that Lord, you did not complete your ministry. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Father, use us in a mighty way, oh God. Oh, Father, we now remember the has been raised at the same. Yes, Jesus. Father, we pray, oh God, that you touch you, deliver you, set free, and heal, oh God. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, even as your word came today, that each one of you have a testimony. Yes, Lord. Lord, may they refer to that testimony no matter what they believe in for God. And Lord, we can always refer to your word that if you did it back then, you can do it again. We are the same yesterday, today. Father, we pray even as we leave now. Lord, may your angels go before us. We pray for safe traveling mercy, oh God. And Lord, until we meet again, we pray that your spirit will be with us in Jes. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. The Lord bless you and keep you. Amen. We thank brother Jeff for sharing the word of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, if I had to ask you one question, where is the kingdom? Amen. We know we are in the kingdom. But Jesus said in Luke 17:21, "Neither shall they say, lo here or lo there, for behold, the kingdom of God is within you." Amen. Amen. So always remember, we are operating and ruling from this realm. The kingdom of God, we are sons and daughters. And not only are we sons and daughters, Revelation 5 puts us as kings and priests again. Amen. So go on ruling and reigning. Amen. Over your daily circumstances. The Lord be with you. The Lord bless you and keep you. Amen. Let's sing as we go out. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. Hallelujah. One of them. I'm so glad.
