################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - The Thing which hath been, is that which shall be - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    The Thing which hath been, is that which shall be
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8CyqFPzHLY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. We give praise, glory, and honor to the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords. Amen. Once again, it's good and privileged to be found in the house of God with God's people. Amen. We don't want to just be found in the house of God. We want to be found in the house of God with God's people. Amen. Because why? Each one stepping out of the family album. Amen. All that were in the thoughts of God, God had them in a family album and they now being displayed upon the earth. Amen. The great family of God. Amen. Coming to unity. How we are united through the word. United to the word. Coming in oneness with the word which is him. Amen. He is the word. Amen. So this morning we like to thank the Lord that we each one of us could be amen and we could come once again to praise and glorify his name. Amen. Our pastor Adrien is out ministering in the Ashville assembly for pastor Mvin. We pray that the ministry will be a blessing unto them as the Holy Ghost will as the same Holy Ghost that's here is going to be there and positionally place the bride in the part of the body that they ought to be in. Amen. Because we believe that God has blessed us with a ministry that positionally places each believer into his place. Amen. What what good would he do if we have the word but it doesn't put us in our position. Amen. The word comes to place us positionally in our own position. It's not good to say that brother is in his position or brother Brandham look at the way his ministry was and he was placed in his day but we need to be placed in our day in our hour that we're living in. Amen. Where God wants to use us. Amen. because God placed us here for this hour. He kept us for this part which is the final part. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So, we got our Bibles. Um we'll just turn to one scripture and then we can have our seats. Amen. The book of Ecclesiastes from chapter 1 verse 9. Amen. I got a quite a few thought this morning, but we'll see how the Holy Spirit brings it down and unfolds it. Amen. The book of Ecclesiastes, chapter 1, verse 9. The thing that had been, it is that which shall be, and that which is done is that which shall be done, and there is no new thing under the sun. The thing that had been is that which shall be. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. You find the Bible is expressly saying us what was must also be and which is done now shall also be done and there is no new thing under the sun. Amen. So now this is where I take my thought from. You know the prophet speaks about history repeating itself. Amen. Amen. The thing that had been, it is that which shall be. Amen. It has to be that way. Because when he's speaking about history, I'm going to speak about a lot of things. But the main emphasis I want you to have in the back of your mind this morning is the thing that had been what was when God created his son Adam on the earth. Amen. That was his son having dominion upon the earth. Having a son that could operate his very nature, having a son that could operate by his very attributes. Having a son manifesting him upon the earth when God placed Adam, his son upon the earth. Amen. Now we know in history repeating itself, we know that spirits don't die. We go through time, we go to history and we look at history, we find that we had certain type of dictators in history. But those dictators had to come to the end. But when they died, the prophet says those people died. But spirits don't die. Amen. Because spirits always need a body. Now you've got the spirit of God, which is the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Ghost was dwelling in his son. Amen. Dwelling in Adam. That was Adam's original spirit. Amen. Because the Holy Ghost has to have a body. And that body that was his son. That's why now when man fell and after 2,000 years, Jesus could come on the earth, the second Adam, which is the last Adam. Amen. The the second Adam and through him, Amen. could come. God could reconcile man back to himself. Amen. Now once again through him, God could come and dwell in him, dwell in that body again that he formed a perfect body which he could dwell in again to display his very nature, to display his very attributes. Amen. But now Jesus died for came on the earth for a purpose that is was to redeem man back to God. and bring back back man to his original condition. So he come to pay the price because the price was debt. Because of sin he brought forth debt. Amen. But he come to bring back man to the original condition. Amen. Therefore he says he's the first born of the new creation. That is why through Jesus Christ now comes forth a new creation upon the earth. Those that accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior, those that are baptized in his name, those that are received the Holy Ghost and are born again are now a new species. They are new creation. Amen. The old nature passes away. Amen. And because why? The nature of Christ must be projected in and through you. Amen. And we find that all down through the age if it happened that in the through the after the first Adam there was a seventh from that first Adam. And that servant was Enoch. Amen. The Bible in Hebrews 11:5 says, "By faith, Enoch was translated that he should not see death." And was not found because God had translated him. For before his translation, he had this testimony that he pleased God. Amen. So the thing that had been, his death would shall be. If there was a Enoch from the first Adam, oh, praise God from this, there must be and Enoch was a seven from the first Adam. From the second Adam, there must be which is the last Adam, which is Jesus Christ. There must be that seventh. Amen. Amen. And there must be a people that will have that Enoch walk in this hour. Amen. A people that is walking translation in this hour. Amen. And that first Adam, what did he do? First Enoch, what did he do? He built a pyramid. We know God had three Bibles. One in the zodiac. One was a pyramid. Amen. That was the first Bible of stone. God's Bible in stone. Amen. And yeah, we're taking now lively stones now. Amen. The seven comes again after the seven church age. Amen. Lively stones. Amen. And Enoch was building that pyramid in silence. Amen. And this is in silence. Amen. Because why? It's an invisible union. It's a secret. Amen. The rapture is a secret. The rapture is not a public show. Yes. The shout went forth, but it's not for everybody. Amen. When the mighty angel comes down, science just said it's a great phenomena. It's a phenomenal cloud. It's a great phenomena. But they didn't know what was happening behind it. Amen. But behind it, Amen. There was a prophet of God there waiting for what? The seven seals to be revealed. Amen. Amen. And it what what does it do? It comes to bring us into a rapturing faith. It comes to bring us into a rapturing condition. That's what a shout does. Amen. He comes to take us because what is unbelief? Death. It brings for unbelief is sin and sin brings forth debt, spiritual debt. Amen. And therefore now he comes to take us out of unbelief. Amen. He comes to give us our true identity. Do not be caught amongst the debts. Amen. Because why? You should be amongst the living. Everybody else is dead has debt around them because they full of sin. And sin is unbelief. And unbelief breeds for death. So there's a voice crying out, "Come out out of unbelief." Amen. Come out of that condition. Praise God. Amen. And this voice, it brings us out. And this word that we receive now, it's able to transform our lives. It has a transforming power. It has a quickening power. Amen. Because in us was the gene of God. Amen. If the the gene of God was always in us, that word just had to come and quicken us. Amen. It just had to come and shine light upon it. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we find that Enoch built a pyramid and we know that he went in there and then he was seen no more. Amen. So we've come now in 2 Peter 15:7 says, "And beside this give all diligence, add to your faith virtue, add to your virtue knowledge, and to your knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. ity. What is the end result? Charity. Amen. And where it comes down when she nears the headstone. When the headstone comes one with the pyramid. Amen. It's the the headstone comes one with the body. There must be a oneness. Amen. Father, may they be one even as we are one. They must come into that perfect harmony. Praise God. It's and this is the hour where this body now is in perfect harmony with the word. Amen. When the word was rejected and the whole world rejected the word, what made you believe the word? Amen. Because there already was a God nature in you. Hallelujah. Thank you. You just have to be quickened. Thank you. Reminded of who you are. Thank you, Lord. reminded of what taken out of that amnesia shown who you are real what's your real nature. Amen. And therefore now it began to put you you began to put on a thinking man filter and you were filtering through the word. Amen. And then you your your your nature began to change. Your taste buds began to change. The thirst that you had within you that Satan took advantage of because you had a thirst thirsting for God. But Satan was taking advantage of that and he came and filled that thirst with temporary things that will bring you away, take you away further from God. But now God makes you drink from that inexhaustible fountain of life. Amen. from the living from the living from the from the from the living waters. Amen. And you having fresh mana all the time. So now that thirst is a painful thirst that you had. But when you find this now when you find something that truly satisfies this thirst, Amen. then your you your you your your nature begins to change. Yes. Amen. Your taste buds began to change. Amen. The things that you once thought that is going to satisfy you now, now do you realize that is contrary to the nature that you have, it doesn't agree with the spirit that's within you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. The spirit of Christ that's in you now makes you want to do the things of Christ. Amen. Makes you want to act like Christ. Amen. Makes you It bring you up to what? faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, brotherly kindness, bringing to a stature of a perfect man kept with love with charity. Praise God. Yes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Amen. He says, Thank you Lord. I think I put the wrong coaches. So we find that brother Ben Brandham spoke about history repeating itself right and God works in cycles. We know that God works in cycles. And we know that every 2,000 years, God does something. At the end of two, and this is now we've come now, the first two end of first 2,000 years, there was a flood. End of the next 2,000 years, Jesus comes on the scene. Then from Jesus to now, we had another ending of another 2,000 years. And then we had 20 in 2025 we have 25 years and pastor Adrian spoke that message about after 25 years what happens. Amen. Abraham had a promise for 25 years and by the end of the 25th year the promise was fulfilled. Amen. So we find that God works in disciples. What has been will be. Now God ends things the same way he started. Because why is the alpha and omega? Amen. So it's not two different things but the same thing but it's repeating in a cycle. Amen. And we know now we are living now. We can see right now prophecy being fulfilled and we can see the hour that we are living in. If somebody say that we've got a lot of time and they believing this message, I'm talking about for the Gentiles now. I'm not talking about for the Jews. I'm talking about with regard to the Gentile dispensation. If somebody believes that they still have a lot of time for the Gentile dispensation, they not understanding this message. They're not catching this message by revelation and understanding the hour that they are living in. Amen. If they still think that they got plenty time on the earth to carry on and enjoy the thirst that they had, the temporary thirst that they had, satisfy the thirst that they have out of God, outside of God's word and with temporary satisfactions, then they sure going to miss God's program. Right. Amen. Amen. God placed us in this age to meet a rapture. Yes. Amen. God placed us in this age to become that pyramid. Amen. To become what? That was a pyramid. God's word, first word in stone form. This must be God's word now in manifested form. Amen. Lively stones. Amen. Written and known. Read and known of all men. This must be God's word on display. Yes. Before we leave on the earth, God's word must be on display. Amen. And the final showdown on everything that we professing, everything that we are saying, we are saying, we keep saying people, God is going, there's going to be an rapture. God has sent us a message and a message is comes to give us rapturing faith and it's come to take us of this world because the world cannot uh exist any much longer. The condition of the world is such a in such a way that even now all nature is groaning and travailing waiting for this hour when the sons of God must be manifested on the earth because man has polluted the earth. Man has destroyed the earth and the world cannot take it any longer. World War I put the world in such convulsion. World War II took it even further. Imagine what World War II will do. The prophet said it'll take it out of Kater. Amen. But there has to be a renovation because God's three-fold purpose was to restore fallen Adam, to restore fallen Eve, the church, and to restore fallen Eden, the earth. And to bring it back to the original condition. Amen. If God is bringing his sons back to original condition, then there must be a place for his sons to dwell in. He's taking us in a rapture for a wedding supper. But we must come back to dwell upon the place that he created for us. Amen. And he created the earth in such a way. The prophet said that he made a variety of things. He made mountains. He made streams. He made all different things so that his children can be satisfied. But each each of us got a different character, different nature. We like different things. We have different choices. That's how God made his children. Amen. And he created the beauty of the earth in that way. But it's going to bring us back to that perfect Eden again. Amen. So now we are living in a time where the gentile doors must close. Amen. And if that is happening, if we are living in the time and history is repeating itself, then if there's a is a people that's coming in a if there's a people that's typing Enoch in the hour, then there must be a Jezebel and Aab in the saw. If there was a Elijah in the hour, there must be Jezebel and Ahab in the system. Amen. Now we find that in Enoch's time being the seventh he was translated. We the seventh from the second Adam we must be translated. Amen. Now he built the big pyramid the great pyramid which was God's Bible in stone. And how he did it? By divine revelation. Amen. Everything with God is by divine revelation. We all can take the word, the written word, and read it. Theologians read it, scholarly people read it, intellectual people read it. How come they can't see the things that you see? Amen. Because the Bible, this book is a book. He said, he said to Peter, "Upon this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Because the church is built upon spiritual revelation. Yes. Amen. And therefore you find that if you are in the body of Christ, a son and daughter of God, you are get stimulated by revelation as the word is being preached when revelation projects to you. Amen. It stimulates you. Amen. It's satisfying to you. Amen. And you can never get enough of it. Amen. Amen. Each day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Amen. Amen. Ain't it good to be a Christian in this hour? Amen. Thank you, Lord. If there's any hour it was good to be a Christian, this is the best hour. Amen. Amen. Everything is reaching a climax now. Amen. Now we find that in the political and religious world there's also a union. In the days of Elijah, Ahab the political power married Jezebel which was a religious system and that union brought persecution, idolatry and judgment. Now we know when that started in America, the prophet said that was that started under President Kennedy. AB in the White House marrying with Jezebel, a Catholic first Catholic president. But now because we can see as things go tense now the union must be such it must drive political power not just religious power also political power which controls the economic the economies and of the world and things like that. So we now we know that United States the moral dy of United States was so much down under the previous administration. It became so low that they even became a laughingstock to the rest of the world cuz they were the way they were promoting these LGBTQ things and glorifying sin and so forth. Everybody knew that that wasn't a reflection of United States and the morals became so low and they became people didn't take them seriously anymore. But everything works with deception. Satan works with deception. This is the age of the fourth Os rider riding the palos. Amen. Poss means to deceive. Amen. And all the nations of the world must be deceived. So we find that if we look at the two beasts of Revelation chapter 13, it's what he's doing. It's unmasking Satan's end time strategy. Now other people didn't do that but a prophet. When the word was revealed, it was unmasking the entire strategy of Satan. No one else can do that. Other people were preaching different things. They're preaching the some people were preaching white house is Jesus Christ until the seals were revealed. Nobody could preach this. The prophet himself couldn't preach this in the way he could preach it until the seals were opened. Now we know Revelation 13 wanted to speaks about the beasts from the sea. We know that the two beasts will rise in Revelation 13. One from the land and one from the sea. So one from the sea and one from the earth. Right? Now we know the one that from the sea is representing paple Rome is representing Rome. But the one from the land you must watch the one from the earth because this one's going to be instrumental now in the end time because this one is going to become the mouthpiece for the first beast. Amen. The second beast that come from uh the land which is America, the United States, right? Is going to form this image to the first beast. So this one will give power is able to give power to the first beast because the first one now yes it had its power under paganism and and it showed this evil and everything then under papal Rome the medieval ages you know the story but let's look at the types now because what was must be spirits don't die under Constantine in 83 to Before Constantine come into power, when he became the just took over Rome and became the emperor of Rome, the Christians were being persecuted by huge numbers. They were fed to the lions. They were killed by gladiators, burnt at the stake and very gruesome ways. They were being killed, martyed for the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. And Rome was a pagan religion. Rome was a pagan place, right? They they had pagan worship in Rome. And even Nero, he burnt Rome and he blamed the Christians and they started persecuting them more. Then when Constantine was the emperor of Rome and he saw Rome falling apart and he said and he saw that the increase of Christianity. Amen. and said if I can just and and thought within himself if he could just get these Christians and the only way he could get them was to say that he was a Christian was to you know so under pretense he alleges that he got had a conversion he alleges but you know a conversion must show a life amen lot of people can profess to be a Christian a lot of people can profess I went to church. Come on now. We we we got to rec we can't be under the revelation of the word and look at people around us going today in gatherings in churches and call them Christians with the life they are living because their lives speak otherwise the people that you work with your neighbors your family your friends that you talk to that are claiming to have went church today on a Sunday and and their behavior on a Monday is contrary to being a Christian because a Christian displays Christ is Christlike. Amen. Amen. A Christian loves the word. Amen. Jesus said, "If you love me, you will keep my words and my words will not be grievious." You cannot love God and be in harmony with God in this hour and hate his word. So there's only one place of true Christianity and that's in the message of the hour. Yes. Amen. Everything else is unbelief because they didn't believe the word. They're unbelievers. That's right. So we find that Constantine alleg Constantine alleges that he had a conversion and then you know he he said he had a dream and he saw his crosses and then he and he painted the crosses on the shields of the Roman soldiers and they went have won a certain Noah and they claimed now to have had a conversion into Christianity and then instead of now persecuting Christians he told them listen You have been persecuted too long. Let's make Christianity the state religion and legalized religion. Let's recognize it. All your houses were taken away from you. You didn't have any money. All was taken away from you. But now let's give you houses. Let's give you land. Let's give you titles. Bishop so and so. give you money. Didn't that seem good? Come on now. after being persecuted. Let's go back to the Biden administration and the run-up to the election with Kamalis and and the universities in America and all the protest pro with this woke agenda promoting LGBTQ and so forth in the churches and the true Christians were being persecuted on the streets. Street preachers were you can't have services in America in the streets. They took out Christianity out of the schools. The children couldn't use the name. The people couldn't use the name Jesus. They were being persecuted. And Christianity, you couldn't mention Jesus in public places, in public offices. So now you get a new administration coming in with President Donald Trump. Doesn't that seem good now? Saying you have been persecuted too long. Christianity have been persecuted. Let's recognize Christianity. Amen. Doesn't that seem good? And then we know that Trump claims that he had this conversion. You know, when we when he had the shooting and so forth, he claimed to have this conversion. So, but doesn't it seem good? And then we'll bring Jezebel, preacher in the White House, make her lead the Christian prayer. Paula White, we bring Jezebel in the White House to lead. Doesn't seem seem good. Bring all evangelicals together, Franklin Graham and so forth. All of you come together. Doesn't that seem good? We are now bringing state religion. History repeating itself happened under Constantine. But yet this is where I'm going to now after he be he claims to have this conversion give Christianity all the good things but in AD 3:25 they form a council the nine council and bring forth doctrine bring forth that evil doctrine of trinity father son and holy ghost god in three persons bring forth this evil doctrine. And if you do not follow that that you don't come under this council, you are now going to this 1,000 years where the church is going to reign in state and religion is one now. It's united now. It's political and religious power together. But if you're not part of it, the persecution comes again. But now it's not coming from pagan Rome. It's coming from papal Rome. Yes. You get to where I'm going now? Amen. If they formed a council, then they will form a council now, the World Council of Churches. Then it was called the Nine Council. Now it's called the World Council of Churches. But this United States must give power to the image of the beasts. They will form this image and give power to it, the beast. How do they give power? performing this image and bringing everybody under this council. And if you are not under this council, how it's going to happen? They're going to bring laws in. They're going to regulate religion. Already we know to the to the previous pope, he've already had dialogues. And that started from Pope John Paul when they were having dialogues. And they've had all these dialogues with the Hindus, the Muslim. He said, even the prophet said, don't worry about the Muslims. They'll be swept in. He said, don't worry about communism and all. Worry about Romanism. So Dave now going to tighten things cuz he said when that remember the prophecy when the pope is taken from the USA, put over there. Watch now. Amen. You can see where we are now. There's going to be a tightening up. Amen. But nothing will happen to this bride. Amen. Because she doesn't go to She's not said she will go in tribulation. Because Satan only comes down when we go up. The two can't be here together. You'll never allow that. God will never allow that. Amen. But this is where they going to now all they call this confederation of churches they will regulate say you a church you having church in some school what affiliation do you belong to no no that affiliation is not part of sudden African council of churches would sudden African council of churches belong to the world council of churches so each country will have the council of churches belonging to the main body so what is this people you're call what message of the hour you all are not recognized here you don't belong to the southern African council of churches in South Africa now we we have to regulate you all because you can say hateful things to other religions you can say things that will bring hate speech and then you add this you know how Satan works now you allow all these other things to happen this terrible things that are happening by these apostate churches but But the churches now who don't even have doctrine, don't even have the word, who don't even have the fundamental word, spraying doom on people and so forth. So they will allow all those things to happen. You know why? Because they will use that as an excuse to bringing now to bring in laws. They say you can see what these people are doing if you don't regulate them. Or they'll have this cult cult leaders that will bring people and drink some kind of poison and kill themselves and say see all these things in history. If we don't regulate you all, what will happen? Why we need to regulate you all? Plus, if we regulate all, we'll give you land. You'll have your land to have your church. We won't interfere. You'll follow all the bylaws and so forth. So, what was must be. Amen. What has been must be. There is no new thing under the sun. But you find this and now we find that there's two beasts. We know that the beast coming out of the sea was the Roman power that took over the rest of all the powers and consolidated them. Right? So we can we find that this beast the first beast is representing religious political power of Rome. Amen. You know that even in Rome when they had World War II, I think it was, they couldn't bomb the Vatican any put drop any bomb at the Vatican city. Italy was under fire. You all know that. Italy was one of the exes, not the allies nations under Mussolini. And uh when they were bombing there, they couldn't put drop one bomb at Vatican City because it's a place where you can't have was there. That is why Zilinski was so wise and he had a meeting with Trump in the Vatican inside the Vatican. So you see where I'm going now. The the the this is where it's going to now that right now America was a joke, right? The United States was a joke under Biden administration. But America is no longer a joke now. Donald Trump has become the most powerful man on the earth right now. your your you your saw the way they accepted him in in Saudi in in the Middle East right now even your South African president went bowing down to him he went with his tail between his legs there and that's all the presidents are doing the same thing they might talk with a big front in their own media but behind the scenes they're going and cutting deals there because they know they can't buy or sell or trade outside the United States. Russia, China will also go there for a temporary period until the the time when Satan comes down until that's the time where the kings of the north go separately. But now they will all go there because you're not going to be able to trade, buy and sell until you're part of the system. That's right. And you all know the clip that we played to you all many years ago when Pope Francis sent this one priest. I I can't remember his name right now. Send this one priest to Kenneth Copelan. And what about his words? The protest is over. Don't call yourself Protestants. We all are brothers. We all are one. They use the same scripture. May we be one even as father. May they be one even as we are one. You see the deception of Satan. Amen. But it's time. All these things are happening now for a reason. Amen. So what the World Council of Churches will do, it'll give power to the image and they'll put people under pressure under because right now they they'll pressurize people to get into it. They put you know what sanctions are. Sanctions are good as someone is physically putting pressure on you, somebody physically taking you to war or something. They if they put sanction on you, there's nothing you can do. Tariffs are the same thing. It's also a form of war where they put a sanction on the country, the country is finished, the country loses the war. But what is our position in the midst of this? We won't go to tribulation. Enoch never went to the flood. Only when Enoch was taken up, dear Enoch, no one knew what to do. Amen. He knew the flood was coming when Enoch was taken up. Cuz why? We have to. We are now received the seal of God already. We are sealed up. Amen. But there must be a final enforcement of the mark of the beast. We are sealed. We are sealed away and be will be taken to glory. Because why? We must come and walk now into a statue of a perfect man. We must come into that perfect pyramid now because then you walk into glory. Amen. One of these days you'll be walking into translation. Amen. Walking out of this dimension. One of these days is feeble bodies. It'll be changing from mortal to immortality. Amen. That is why in this hour if a church is not brought to adoption in this hour. If you're not brought to adoption, there is no rapture. Amen. Amen. And how it started off God working first through the five-fold ministry. If ministers are not brought to adoption, how is the people going to be brought to adoption? God start first. He said you cannot go higher than your pastor. So if the pastor is not brought to adoption, the sheep cannot go. This is a very serious hour. This is not an hour to be playing religion and church and just claiming I'm just want to go have a church somewhere and be a pastor somewhere. No, you got to be called. You got to be thoroughly vindicated. You got to have the back of the desert experience. You got to meet the pillar of fire. You got to know that that you're walking with the angel of God. Amen. Yes, Lord. This is a serious hour, brothers and sisters. If there was a Enoch there, there must be an Enoch now. And Enoch had encounters with the angel of God. Amen. Enoch was not just living in a seen world. He was living in an unseen world. And that is why in this hour when you why you can have charity in this hour because what is charity? That is when the complete life of Christ is in you and displaying Christ. When you're displaying Christ, he's displaying his love. He's displaying his peace. He's displaying the fruits of Christ. Amen. And and how you have it is because now you're not looking at the seen only. You're also looking at the unseen. You are looking beyond temporal things. You are looking at the eternal things of God. Amen. And that's why when when Christ could walk on the earth, he was walking. He was living in a world of perfect faith because he saw himself in the scriptures. And he saw when he came here, I am temporarily on the earth. But I've come here for a mandate and I've come here for a mission and I got to complete my complete my mission upon the earth. So when you're looking at things, he wasn't looking at it temporarily. And we are here. We are going to make a rapture. Amen. We're not living on this world eternally here now. So when we are here, we know that we got to be about father's business. Amen. You got to be adopted in this hour because the final part of your adoption is a changing of your body. Amen. We would the redemption of our bodies. Amen. So we must be watchful understanding the political and relig religious signs around us. We cannot be slaughterful in this hour when all these signs are being fulfilled before our very eyes because prophecy fulfills itself by coming to pass. When it comes to pass it shuts the mouths of the critics. Yes sir. Because it comes to pass now. It's spoken of before it happens. But when it happens, it becomes history and the mouth of the critics must be shut. And just like that, the people that going to their mouths going to be shut when there's going to be a rapture. The people thinking what we talking about this rapture, rapture, rapture we talking about for many years. But there's going to be a rapture. We're already in the cycle of the rapture. In fact, if you're not in the cycle of the rapture now, then you're not going to go away. You're not going to be translated and leave the earth. How are you caught in the cycle of the rapture? You believe the shout. You were caught under the shout. Amen. You believe the message for your day. You not only believe it, but you understand you. It's revealed to you and you taken of the book. You ate of it. You become one with it. You become in a union with it. And you are manifesting it upon the earth. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You must be the lived word. You must live out the word. Amen. It's good to just read the word. It's not just good, sorry. It's not just good just to read the word. You must live out the word for your day. That is why you find that this true church will not compromise. She will stand with the revealed word. Amen. But we in a final stage of prophecy now. The beast are in their position. The image is forming. The image is formed already. It's only for it to now. It's only for it to now to operate fully and to bring the enforcement of it. We know America will bring the enforcement. America is the powerhouse. She's going to enforce this. Whatever Jezebel wants, America will enforce it. But the bride is also in a position. She's got the token on display. Amen. This is a flashing red light of his coming. Amen. The train is in the dark. Have you got your tickets on display? Amen. Amen. Have you got your tokens on display? Man, you can't be unaware of what is happening when the mind of Christ has come down in this age. Amen. And he's given us full authority over the enemy. Amen. All power that was in God, he poured into Christ. All that was in Christ, he poured into his church. All power. Amen. He poured into his church. So you carry the authority behind you. Amen. When you speak, that is why in this hour, you got to walk in perfect faith. You've got to walk in perfect love. Amen. Because when you speak, you got to speak at the way Christ speak. If you hate somebody, you can speak them out of existence. It's dangerous. The prophet had a test one time. There was a couple in the church. They was doing this immoral things in the church and he had a test. The angel of God said there will be a test. He could have spoke against them and you know what could have happened to them. You you'll seen that happening many times. But he said, "I forgive you because the power to forgive lays within you. Amen. Amen. No one else has given us power. The bride has given his power authority to forgive. It lays within you. But it's because you're not living on the earth bound. You're looking of you. You're you're looking at things from God's perspective. Amen. You're looking because you have become so one with Christ. When you speak now, Christ is speaking through you. Amen. That's why you can have genuine love for your brother and sister. Amen. Because this is the hour to walk. When when all this word is revealed, you're not walking puffed up and saying, "Look at what the Lord has said to me. Look at those people they lost." No, you are feeling sorry for them. I mean, how many of you went to an goes to people's funerals where unbelievers? Don't you feel sad when you know that person was lost because you have a revelation if they're not save? Or or you see a person in a sinful condition, don't you cry out for them? Because those that are full with the Holy Ghost and crying and sighing for the abomination of the lost. When when a it was revealed to Abraham that Sodom and Gomorrah was going to be destroyed, that Abraham said, "Oh yeah, they're full of sin. Destroy them." No, he began to plead with God. He began to plead for souls. Amen. Amen. So we know all these things are happening. how we should be pleading for our loved ones, pleading for those that are lost. Amen. Oh, you are just embarrassed to go tell them the truth of what is happening. Tell them our prophecy is being fulfilled. Tell them how late this hour we are. Have a casual just have a strange conversation with him. Said, "You know what? I'm going to be leaving you very soon. I'd like to have a conversation with you. Before I leave, start a conversation later. Get them shocked. Yes, sir. Tell them I'd like to have a conversation with you because I'm not going to be here very long. Maybe it'll get their attention. Lord, only this bride will have thus say the Lord. Amen. In this hour, many pro false prophets going out there, many people trying to impersonate prophecies and so forth. But this bride will have thus say the Lord. Amen. You know there this is the hour of spiritual famine where the world they'll even eat from a garbage can. The prophet said you know what I'm talking about. You go to people that profess to be Christians and you bring out a few things to them. See how they are just astonished at the things you're talking about. See how they they want to hear the things you are saying because why? There's no revelation outside this message. It happened in the days of Ahab. And Elijah when there was a a natural famine. Now there's a spiritual famine for spiritual food. Amen. But there even in the time of uh Elijah, there was a widow woman who was a gentile. Amen. And in the time there was a drought in the land. Isn't there now a drought for the true word of God? Not not in here. Not in the circles of where the word go. Not in God's provided place. Outside of God's provided place, there is a drought. Because where Elijah was in the cave, he was fed. He was supernaturally fed. Amen. But there was a widow woman. We know Ahab when he joined that cursed woman that Jezebel that's and she brought in idol worship. Then Israel turned from the word of God. And what happened? It brought about a famine. And so the land was under judgment because of the apostasy and so forth. And we know it was a corrupt union. God don't like corrupt unions. Amen. God don't like us to take his word and corrupt it with things outside his word. Amen. God wants us to take all of his words. If you are trusting God for something and you're praying about it, don't put your hands in it. If you laid it to God's feet and you wait, don't try and reason and try and use use your reason now for something that you already asked God for. Deal with it through the word of God, not through your emotions. God don't work with your emotions, not through your reasonings, and God don't work by your pity. Speak as a son and daughter of God. Speak knowing that you possess the words. Speak as one with authority. Don't let those negative words come out of your mouth. Amen. Amen. So you find that Elijah was told to go to this widow woman and he and he gave her instruction to prepare a meal for him. Amen. He said, you know, the prophet said, God never placed signs ahead of the word. Signs follow the word. Amen. As when Elijah told the woman to bake a cake for him first according to the word of law of the Lord. When she did as the word said, the proper sign came. Now people want to see the sign first and then they want to believe the word. No, no, no. You take God's word and God asked you to do a certain thing. Take God's word then see the sign. Amen. Come to the word first. Amen. People want to see a change. People want to say no. Let me see a change in my life. Then I'll find myself in the house of God. Let me see if I how you going to change if you don't take the word. The word changes you. Amen. Come to the word first. The word that you eating now, what you eat, you become. Amen. What you eat is going to give you now the vitamins that you need. It's going to give you the supplements that you need. Come to the word first and then watch the miracle. The seed word is energized by the spirit. So don't wait and say no let me get things right in my life first and we'll see how things go and then I'll come to church or right now things are financially difficult for me to come to church every week I got to find a job and everything let me get all that right first then I'll come to serve God no come to the word first put God first obedience is better than sacrifice amen so this widow woman is gentile at just a last meal. Amen. Which was typing the word. And she had a last oil typing the spirit. But she obeyed the voice of the spirit of the prophet. Sorry. She obeyed the voice of Elijah. Though she had that last meal, but she gave all because after that she was going to die. You must be willing to die to yourself. You must be willing to give all and come to Christ. Don't this is a late hour brothers and sisters. If there are things that are keeping you word bound. If there are things from your past that are weighing you down, you know, you need to forgive. You need to move on. If there are things past things that build up a complex in you, you need to go on your knees. First thing is do repent of your sins and then ask God to deliver you of that complex issues whatever it is from your past maybe way beyond. Maybe there was someone that hurt your feelings in your family or some person hurt your feelings. You need to forgive first and then you will be delivered. Amen. Thank you Lord. This is a late hour. Do not let anything weigh you down. Amen. You're about to take a rapture. Amen. Amen. So you find that she gave all. Oh my. So we find that she was willing to die and this is just for her son and her but she trusted God's prophet. Amen. She put a complete trust in the revealed word. She put a complete trust into be obedient to God's word. Didn't you do that in this hour that in this letter age? Amen. In his age of leucia, you put your complete trust in the revealed words. You left your denominations. You had to leave family tithes and so forth. You had to come out. You had to be persecuted. You had to be ridiculed. But you left everything to come to the revealed word. You put your complete trust in his revealed word knowing that this man is not even living on the earth right now. He preached this message in the 1960s. What makes me believe that? You put your complete trust in it. Amen. But now you are beginning to see the fruits of it. Prophecies are becoming to pass. Everything is falling into place. Now soon you are going to reap the benefits of it because all that you are eating is going to give you that body change. It's going to materialize. Amen. So obedient sustainer and the prophet during the famine. Amen. Because why? After She took the word. Then the sign came. Then there was abundance. Amen. It never run. The oil never ran out. Amen. The meal never run out. She had a meal every day. Yes, sir. She could be satisfied every day. Every day as your finance might be depleting in your economy in in sorry in man's economy, but in God's economy, in Jara economy, that finance will not run out. Amen. In man's economy, you might the doctor say you got a sudden sickness, but in God's economy, you already were healed. Amen. Amen. Healing is a complete work. Amen. We are not living in man's economy. We are living in Gyra's economy. Amen. He's my provider. Amen. He's my healer. He's my sustainer. Amen. Praise be to God. And we find that right now everything that we need is in the word. It is there to sustain us in this hour. It is there to keep us in our in a time of famine. Amen. So now people are in a famine for the true word of word of God. While this union right now of America, the Ahab system and the false church system, Jezebel once again is going to bring judgment upon the earth because why? They coming to a union now. All nations are gathering there because remember everything is focused. All the business deals they're doing is to benefit Rome. Everything that they going to do must benefit Rome. Every deal they made, every trade deal they made must benefit Rome. We know right now even Donald Trump with his own admission he rose in power and he got the popular vote. How? Through the Catholic vote. Protestants and Catholics brought him in the white house. So he has to fulfill that. So even in the time of Ahab if you look at it if you look at a parallel uh type now in 1 kings 17 it speaks about that Aab and Jezebel false union. Now we find America and paple Rome we had Malachi 4. Amen. She had Elijah the prophet there. She was a gentile woman. We are the end time bride. Amen. We've got the she had the meal word and the oil which typing the spirit. We've got the revelation and the anointing. Amen. We got the re it is the anointing that breaks the yoke of bondage. Amen. We anointed in this hour to keep us. Amen. Because why? He made us overcomers in his day. Amen. So God is asking us not to trust in man-made systems. That's right. God aids organized religion. He said, we know the first time they organized was in N in Rome. Now they're organizing again. God hates that. He hates organized religion. He wants us to be in oneness with him and him alone. He wants us to walk in revelation. Amen. What he's given us, the meal and the oil, that's good enough for us. If it was good enough for them, it's good enough for us. Amen. But they without us are not made perfect. Amen. Cannot be made perfect. Because why? There's ones that are walking in perfection in this hour. That are one that's coming to perfection in this hour. The ones that come to meet with the headstone. Amen. The one that has come with oneness with him, they will come in perfection in this hour. And then we know then that's the time he must call them out of the grave, out of the out of the sixth dimension. Empty out the sixth dimension. And we're going to see the loved ones come through. We're going to have fellowship with them. We're going to have a rejoicing with them. And then they and us will be caught up to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. Then when we gone in the wedding supper, that's when Satan must come incarnate into the current pope. Lord, Satan will be fully incarnated into the pope. Then they're going to see the dragon. Then they're going to see the other side. Now it's just deception. Now it's religion. Now it's pious, you know, but then they're going to see the other side of it. But it's too late then. Amen. The world will go into a tribulation then. So we speak about what was must be. Amen. What is will also be. There was an exodus then. There must we are through the exodus now. The angel of God was leading them then. The angel of God must lead us now. And that's where we find all these things. Amen. And they were taken to the promised land under the Joshua commission. We must go into our promised land. Amen. The Holy Ghost is the guide. Helping us read the benefit positionally placing us in the promised land. Joshua positionally placed them in the promised land. Amen. The Holy Ghost is here the guide positionally placing us. Amen. Amen. Leading us into all truth. Amen. But the final part of the pyramid is what? The capstone which is charity. Amen. That same headstone that was rejected in every age has now descended to unite with the bride, with the body. What was that? It's a rapture call. What it is? The token is being displayed. The train is in the dark. Amen. And the token is being displayed. is a flashing red light of his coming. The bride is becoming the manifestation of the word. Amen. How? From bride she changed to wife. From wife she had to have conception. From conception she had to bring forth the Christ child. Christ again upon the earth in a many membered body. Amen. Amen. Christ again walking in human flesh. John 14:12 doing the greater works. Amen. Hallelujah. So what it is charity in her it's make her respond like Christ. Amen. What makes you respond like Christ? What makes you act like Christ? Christ in you. The hope of glory. Charity in her. Amen. What makes you forgive? Christ in her. Amen. What makes you to endure? Christ in you. What makes you to love? Christ in you. Amen. What? It is the image of Christ now in his body. Amen. She is on display again. Hallelujah. She is him in another form. Amen. She is the pyramid completed. And he is the capstone ceiling her. Praise be to God. Amen. So what it is history is repeating self not just for fornowledge. Amen. but is repeating itself showing us showing us through revelation how God has worked through the ages. There was a Enoch from the seven the seven from the second there was a Enoch the seven from the first Adam. There's an Enoch which is from the second Adam and the seven church age. Amen. Which is ready in this hour for translation. We are that pyramid. Amen. Each stone is now in its perfect place. waiting for the capstone. Amen. Which is now come to us. Amen. We are the the widow feeding daily on the meal and the oil. Typing that you know what happened in days of Elijah. We had a Elijah who stood and blasted the Jezebel system. Amen. And the ones that comes now with the same message will speak prophesy again. Da must prophesy again before nation kings and tongue because you you have to echo the same words. Amen. We are like Israel in this final exodus led by the angel of God. Amen. That's the one that's leading us. It's the angel of God that's here. The one that was a prophet is here right now. Amen. But most of all, we are the body now displaying charity in this hour. Amen. Amen. The capstone Christ indwelling in us. Amen. Which is charity? Love himself. Hallelujah. Ready for what? The next thing now is going to happen is what? No. Before the before we go, there's going to be a resurrection. Christ is going to bring them up and we're going to fellowship with them. We shall not hinder those that sleep. They shall be raised up first. Amen. So, we're going to see them before we leave. We're going to go with them. Amen. So, they are waiting on us to come to this perfection. Amen. Coming to this time where charity is in us. Amen. So you find this hour once this pyramid is complete the angel of God and the angel of the covenant is here the trumpet shall sound and come to take us home. Come to take us to the wedding supper. Amen. While we are there we know what's going to happen on the earth. Not one bomb will fall. That's what he said. He talking about the atomic bombs. Not one bomb will fall while she's here. But the world is ready for World War II. But it's not going to happen. The angels are holding the winds. Amen. Of war and stripes. Wind is striping war and strife. The angels are owing the four four corners. Amen. Romans 8:9 says, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God." Amen. Where the bride has now come to adoption and the hour of the third pool. Amen. Operating under sunship authority, moving where we taking the word and speaking the word, becoming the word. Amen. Preparing for the final part of the prophecy for us. Our final part of the prophecy is what? That we will go up. Amen. So, Revelation 10:8-11 says, "Thou must prophesy again before many nations, tongues, and kings. The little book is open. The mystery is finished. There's no mystery to be revealed. 107 mystery is finished. The bride is already eating the book. She's already become the word in flesh. The prophecy is not preaching sermons. No. The prophecy is living out the word. Amen. Living apostles. Amen. That's the prophecy. The lived words. Amen. When you're living out, that is the final declaration before the rapture. So this message has gone forth throughout the world. You know, I was just thinking about this. You never had a Oral Roberts doctrine or any of his doctrines gone around the world and they preaching the same thing or Billy Graham doctrine gone around the world and preaching those things. But here's William Brandham's teachings that are around the world. Amen. Because we know it's not him, it's the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. This word is around the world. I can meet a brother in some island. Yes, sir. Or in some montaneous area. And he will speak the same things like me. Amen. Amen. He might have have a different accent from me, but he will speak the same language as me. I'm talking about the revelation language that this world cannot understand. Because they have not known him. Amen. They have not become in oneness with him. But we have known him in the power and demonstration of his glory. Amen. Amen. Because we know now what has this world has been preparing us for. Now the confederation will bring a squeeze. Freedom of worship will be shut down. The third we said watch the third pulled in creative power in the bride. Amen. But there's no impersonation of this one. He said they have impersonated every gift. They impersonated all these other gifts but this is one thing they can impersonate. They cannot impersonate revelation. They try that is why you find them uh giving you know like when the prophecy they try you know as much as possible I gave away so many names of people so many numbers you know why they doing that why why they impersonate that because that's what happened in the prophet's day he'll tell them your name is so and so your address is so and so now they have competition you had these people they call themselves prophets they have competition I gave more than the other prophet I gave more than that person I gave more than that and they're all over Africa they got a lot of them but we had the true prophet In this day, he was a major prophet. Amen. He's come with the word. Now, that prophetic voice is in the bride. The prophetic voice is in her. She'll become the final voice in this final age. Amen. Let's stand. Trust you are blessed. I just want to give this last quote. uh he said so now I'm going to say something to you now that I haven't said all along and that is the thing that we have looked for so long for at least many years four or five years or maybe longer the third pool has now been vindicated and I'm sure you all know what it is now remember there'll never be an impersonation of that cuz it can be see it cannot be now it's inex existed and and are warned of this right at this time now. It just happened. So it could identify its presence among you. See, but it will not be used in a great way until this council begins to tighten up. And when it does, when that does, the Pentecostal and so forth can almost impersonate anything can be done. But when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you'll see what you seen temporarily being manifested in the fullness of its power. Amen. Amen. That's your prophet speaking that. Amen. Amen. We pray that you've been blessed this morning. Uh before we call the musicians, we're going to just have a word of prayer. And uh maybe some of you, the Lord has spoken to you this morning. Oh yes. When you say Lord, I've realized now through this word uh how close and how late this hour that we are that we are living in a God and we know there's no new things under the son of God. Things are going on in cycles and we are now in the rapture cycle. Oh God. And father I want to have this closer walk with you. Oh yes. Let's pray this morning. Father we come to you this morning in the precious and holy name of Jesus Christ. Many things have been said this morning Lord and thou knowest why. Father, it's you that is in the hearts and intents of the heart. Father, and I pray this morning, oh God, is we know that your word that is sown, Lord, may be swn on good ground this morning, oh God. May your holy spirit come and be the after speaker, Lord Jesus. And if conviction is brought to any soul this morning, I pray, Lord Jesus, that they will have true repentance in their heart, oh God, and a true yearning for you, Lord. A true desire, Lord, to seek your face, a true desire to want to have a closer walk to you, Lord, and Lord. and and Lord each one may they yield themselves to you Lord and make an individual choice Lord Jesus to have a complete surrender to you Lord Jesus Lord that you'll have full control over their lives that you'll have the preeminence over their lives and have lordship over their lives father and I pray Lord Jesus that you'll work your perfect will in their life your purpose may your purpose may be revealed unto them Father this morning once again we thank you for your word oh God and we thank you for the things that you are doing this hour Lord Jesus we know Lord Jesus, we look forward to see you, Lord. Even so, Lord Jesus, come quickly, Father. Lord, we want you to come, Lord. We want you to take away your bride where you are that that where you are, we may be also. Blessed be your name, Father. Blessed be your holy name. Praise be to you. Thank you, Jesus. Amen and amen.
