################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-19 - A Mother's Reward Bro Jerry Cesar 05112025 - Jerry Cesar.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-19
Title:    A Mother's Reward Bro Jerry Cesar 05112025
Speaker:  Jerry Cesar
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfJMEf0kKhg
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up [Applause] here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Happy Mother's Day. It's good to see you again. Thank you for being a blessing to the children. Let's open our Bibles. Psalms 42. We read Psalms 42. We invite brother and gentlemen to come open the service with the word of God. Amen. Psalms 42. As the de as the heart panth after the water brooks. So panth my soul after God. My soul thirst for God for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? My tears have been my me day and night. While they continue to say to me, "Where is thy father?" When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me. For I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with a voice of joy and praise with multitude that kept holy name. Why art thou cast down, oh my soul, and why art thou disqued in me? Hope thou, oh God, for I shall yet praise thee before the help of his countenance. Oh my God, my soul is cast down within me. Therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan and of and of the hermites from the hill of the deep. Oh th waves, thy bowels are gone over me. Yet the Lord will command his loving kindness in the daytime and in the night his soul shall be with me and my prayer to unto the God of my life. I will say unto God, my rock, why hast thou forgotten me? Why go out mourning because of the oppression of the enemy? As with a sword, in my bones my enemies reproach me. Why they say daily unto me, where is thy God? Why art why art thou cast down, oh my soul? Why art thou disquire within me? Hope thou in God for I shall yet praise him for the health of my calvance. He my God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord, brother. [Music] Oh most gracious Lord God, we come before you Lord and we just want to thank you oh Lord God. Oh Lord, before the foundation of the world, Lord God, before the struggle and the strife that we face in our daily lives, oh Lord God, and the questions and the wondering stuff, Lord, you placed in us, oh Lord God, you deposited deep inside of our souls, oh Lord Jesus Christ, your own image, oh Lord Jesus Christ, oh Lord, before the fighting started, oh Lord God, we were already victorious, oh Lord Jesus Christ, before the day we were born, Lord Jesus Christ, we had the victory inside of us, oh Lord. Lord Jesus Christ, so that no matter how much the the winds blow, when the storms try to push us to the side, Lord God, and sickness, oh Lord, tries to take our focus off of you, oh Lord Jesus Christ, when the problems of the world just crush us and pressure us, oh Lord God, that sometimes we just can't we can't seem to focus. We can't get up, oh Lord God. Uh it's been described as a bed of affliction. Affliction. Oh Lord God, where it feels like we just can't move, oh Lord God, we can't think. Oh Lord God, we can't pray. Oh Lord God, we can't we can't we can't love you like we should love you, oh Lord God. We can't give you all the glory, Lord. But Lord, you placing us, oh Lord God, your own image, oh Lord, before the foundation of the world, oh Lord. Lord, there's something inside of us that is drawn to you, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, Lord, before we started to come to church, before we knew what church was and and before we knew what uh prayer was, Lord God, and before we knew what prophets were, Lord Jesus Christ, before we knew what the mysteries were, Lord God, and what the Bible means in this verse and that verse, before we could quote, before we could memorize any Bible verse, oh Lord Jesus Christ, your image was inside of us, oh Lord God, drawing us to you, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, help us to focus on what matters, oh Lord, and that's your grace, oh Lord Jesus Christ. So no matter how sick we are, Lord God, no matter how much we're going through, oh Lord God, your love is deep inside of our souls, oh Lord God, it's something that doesn't change, oh Lord God. Lord, you said you are your word and the and the word is you, oh Lord God. And Lord, we've become your word, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, that means we can't be shaken, oh Lord God. Though this body uh tear though we have so many issues in this body oh Lord Jesus Christ that revelation oh Lord that we were in your mind before the foundation of the world Lord God Lord that is our anchor oh Lord Jesus Christ Lord while Job was going through his trials oh Lord God on every hand his own family his friends oh Lord God everything was against him oh Lord but Lord when your word came oh Lord when your servant came to him and he realized eyes that his redeemer liveth, oh Lord God. Lord, it was while the skin worms were in his body, oh Lord God, that he had a praise, Lord Jesus Christ. It wasn't when the trial was over, oh Lord God, but it was during the trial, it was during the test, oh Lord God, it was during what he was going through, oh Lord, that he was able to still see who he was inside of you, oh Lord God. Lord, give us that revelation today, oh Lord God. Lord, as the as the minister comes forth, oh Lord, to give a word, Lord Jesus Christ, may it may it go deep within our souls and take root, Lord God. Lord, in your love, oh Lord God. Oh Lord, we're trying to build our faith, oh Lord. Lord, we're trying to hang on to hope, oh Lord God. But the prophet said if we would just fall more in love with you, love would produce faith. It'll produce hope, oh Lord God, it will produce these things, oh Lord God. Lord, help us have a closer walk with you, oh Lord God. Lord, we may not understand why we go through the things we do, oh Lord God. Lord, we may not understand that while we're when we're going through different things and we pray and you don't hear and you don't you don't answer us right away, oh Lord, Lord, we don't understand, Lord God. Oh Lord, we can still love you, oh Lord God. We can still praise you, Lord. We can still worship you, oh Lord God. And so here we are gathered, oh Lord, to lift your name up, oh Lord. The one true God, the one that was worthy, oh Lord, the one that was that that that died a death. He didn't. You didn't deserve it, oh Lord Jesus Christ. You took our place, oh Lord God. So Lord, we just want to thank you, oh Lord God. Lord, we want to say a special prayer for the mothers, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, bless each one of them, oh Lord Jesus Christ, for the sacrifice, oh Lord God. We tend to always uh focus on uh the men, but the the uh the Bible says that you're both male and female, Lord Jesus Christ. Everybody has a role, oh Lord God. Every has a everybody has a place with this side. Lord, be with the ministers who brings the word, oh Lord God, and be with the the musicians, oh Lord God. May you accept our praise, oh Lord. Be with the sound equipment, oh Lord Jesus Christ. If there's someone on the stream, oh Lord, that needs a word from you, oh Lord God, may it reach them, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we just want to thank you, oh Lord, for your faithfulness. Lord, we just want to thank you for your everlasting love for us, oh Lord God. Lord, we know that it's not us holding ourselves, but it's you holding on us, oh Lord God. Lord, help us, oh Lord God, to be better Christians, oh Lord, to please you, oh Lord God. And we ask this in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] As the dear head for the water soul my soul won't give after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my [Music] spirit. [Music] You are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you're my brother. Even though you are my king. I love you more than any other so much more than anything. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit [Music] give. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Oh, I want you more than gold or silver only you can sisfy. [Music] Oh, you alone are the real joy giver in the end. Oh, love my eyes. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. For you alone are my hearts. desire and I long to worship for you. For you alone are my strength, my shield. For you alone does my spirit. For you alone are my heart's desire and I alone to worship thee. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. That was my mother's favorite song. She wanted to be here this morning, but things didn't work out. Amen. But I had to do that for her. Amen. Wake up this morning with my mind. I woke up this morning with my mind. And you know that it stay. Oh, I woke up this morning with my mind and you know that it stay. Hallelujah. I woke up this morning with my mind and you know that it stay. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. singing hallelujah. Well, I'm walking and talking with my mind and you know that it [Music] stay. Oh, I'm walking and talking with my mind and you know that stay. [Music] I'm walking and talking with my mind and you know that he's singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Listen here. No condemnation with my mind cuz you know that he stay. Oh, no condemnation with my mind. And you know that it's no condemnation with my mind when you know that he's singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. You can't hurt your neighbor when your mind might help your neighbor when your mind is stay on the Lord. Can't hate your neighbor in your mind when you know that he's singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing hallelujah. Singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Jesus is my rock, my rock, my sword and shield. And he's our will in the middle. He guides my footsteps. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] I know [Applause] Jesus. My rock, my sword is here. Say, I know [Applause] Jes. My rock, my sword is she and he's a will in the middle. He guides my footsteps. Thank you, Jesus. And he wash away all of my Say I know Jesus. My soul is rock of aes. Let me hide myself in thee. I am tired. I get weak. I get warm. Oh Lord. Well, I rest in your word. How you feel the little bitty bird and I know Jes. Come on, say it again. rock of ages. Help me. Let me hide myself in thee. I get tired. I get weak. I get w in your word how you feel a little bit. I know Jesus. I know Jesus. Say, I know [Music] Jesus. I know Jesus. Hey, the rock is not like a rock foundation. He's a firm foundation. Say, I know Jesus. I know Jesus. I know Jesus. I know Jesus. I know Jesus. He's my rock. I say Jesus. He's my rock. Rock of a rock of ages. Help me. Let me hide myself from thee. I get tired. I get weak. I get warm. Oh Lord. Well, I read in your words how you feel a little bit. And I know Jesus. Say, I know Jes. I know Jesus. Hey, I know Jesus. I know Jesus. is my rock. He's my rock. He's my rock. [Music] I know Jesus. I know Jesus. The rock is not like our rock is not like our rock is not like our rock. I know Jes water from the rock. He gives water from the [Music] rock. Water from the rock. Say I know Jesus. Jesus. I know Jesus. He my rock. He my rock. He my rock. My rock. My soul is sh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallel Jesus. He's our God. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, somebody. Hallelujah. That rock is not like our rock. Amen. I walk from the children of Israel. We are the judge. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's all around. Hallelujah. You ought to tell him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh [Music] yeah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes Lord. [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. This is the air I brea. This is the air I breathe. [Music] Your holy [Music] presence living in [Music] me. This is my daily breath. This is my daily bread. Yes Lord. This is this is [Music] my hallelujah. Your very word spoken spoken to me and [Music] I desperate for you. Yes, Lord. I am. And I I'm lost without you. [Music] And I and [Applause] I so desperate. Yes, I am. Oh, I be like without and I'm so lost. I'm so lost without you. Oh [Music] Lord, I'm lost. I'm lost without you. I'm lost without [Music] you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Say she may have your [Music] seats. We're going to invite Sister Shalom to come at this time. Amen. Amen. Give us a special. [Music] Thank you, Lord. My heart can sing when I pause to remember. A heartache here is but a stepping [Music] stone along a trail that's winding always upward. This trbled world is not my final one. But until then, my heart will go on singing. Until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day my eyes behold the city. Until the day God calls me home. [Music] The things are worth will dim and lose its value if we recall. They're borrow for a [Music] while. In all the things of us that cause her trouble, remember there will only be a smile. But until then, my heart will go on singing. Until then, with joy I'll carry on. Until the day, my eyes behold the city. until the day God calls me home. [Music] This weery world with all its toll and struggle may take its toll of misery and strife. The soul of men is like a waiting eagle when it's released is destined for the sky. Oh, but until then my heart will go on [Music] singing. Until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day. My eyes behold the city until the day God calls me home. Oh, but until then my heart will go on singing. But until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day. My eyes behold the city. Until the day, God calls me home. Until the day my eyes behind. until the day. God calls me home. Until the day my eyes be open to see until the day God calls me home. Praise the Lord. I love the words to that song. It means so much. Until then, we'll keep pressing on. It won't be long. Amen. I was speaking with brother Quinton back in the back, you know, talking about this new pope and we realized that it's is right at hand. You know, in December of 1954, Brother Brandham made that prophecy about the pope coming out of America. [Music] September the 14th, 1955. 9 months later, the man was [Music] born. 9 months later, the man that's there now was born. God's prophet don't miss. God doesn't miss. Amen. Amen. He knew that he was coming on the scene. Amen. Praise the Lord. May I have the announcement, sister? I don't think we have any prayer requests. We want to continue to pray for Sister Dixon. Uh we want to see her back in the house of the Lord worshiping with us. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to continue to pray for Brother Jean. And no doubt we all have loved ones that we're we're longing to see get saved and some to come back to the Lord. So we want to keep them in prayer. Amen. Happy Mother's Day, mothers. God richly bless each one of you. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I always thought that uh nobody could love my children like I do. But the prophet of God said, "The closest love to God's love is a mother's love." So, I knew I was wrong. Naomi got me beat. Praise the Lord. But happy Mother's Day. Praise the Lord. Today is Sister Isabella's birthday. Happy birthday. Oh, praise the [Music] Lord. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, sisters. Happy birthday to you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Happy birthday. Praise the Lord. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. We'll continue to stream via Facebook at SAT Tabernacle and the church's website, john423.org. We have brother's virtual prayer Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. And we have a special guest speaker next week. It be brother George Smith, brother Brandham's son-in-law. And then we have our Memorial Day uh church picnic Monday, May 26th at Havill Park. That'll start at 11:00. Amen. And then Jesus Christ Tabernacle Youth and Family Camp is coming up June 5th through June 8th. They have extended the reg registration to m from May 10th to the 17th. You can register at jctctamp.com. South Florida choir rehearsals are coming up May 17th, May 31st, June 14th, June 28th, and June 5th, June 12th. It'll be at Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach. That'll start at 6:00 p.m. making preparations for our meetings coming up. I will restore, say the Lord. And we trust that the Lord will do that. Amen. That'll be at Palm Beach Gardens High School July 25th through the 27th. Praise the Lord. And our guest speaker as always, the Holy Ghost. Amen. But he'll have a man to use. Praise the Lord. We have three ways of giving online. We have a way of giving in the house of the Lord. There's a wooden box in the in the back. You can drop your giving in there. Online, we prefer that you use Zel. Zel doesn't take any fees out. PayPal and cash. Cash app does, but the email address that you'll use for both zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. For cash app, it's dollar sign spirit and truth t. For those who desire to melan your giving is spirit and trutht box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Father God, we have come into the house of the Lord this morning, Lord, to give you praise and thanksgiving, Lord, to draw closer to you, to be more like you, Lord. Father, we need a refilling of the Holy Ghost, Lord. And Father, we just ask that you would shower down upon us, Lord, even now. Father, we want to thank you for the mothers that you have given us, Lord Jesus. Lord, it help mold us to the people that we are. And Lord, we're we're just so grateful, Lord, for those who are still with us, Lord. We pray a special blessing to them. May they see their heart's desire, Lord, come to pass. Those, Lord Jesus, who desire that the family will won't be broken, Lord Jesus, that all of their children will come to the faith or be restored to the faith, Lord Jesus. Grant their heart's desire, Lord, for those who desire, Lord, to be mothers, Lord. Blessed them Lord abundantly Lord Jesus is our sincere prayer. Father, be with one of our mothers, Sister Dixon, where she is, Lord. Touch her body, Lord. Give her a complete restoration, Lord Jesus. Heal her body, Lord Jesus. May she come, Lord, dancing in the sanctuary once again as she does, raising those hands, singing the praises of God, Lord. It encourages us, Lord Jesus. So, we pray that you will bless her where she is, and let her know that she's loved and that we have covered her with prayer, Lord Jesus. Be with Brother Jean, Lord. No doubt, Lord God, he he's back to his old self, Lord Jesus. And we pray a special blessing upon him. A complete restoration, Lord. A complete reversal from the stroke, Lord Jesus. Bless him indeed. Lord, be with our pastor, all of our brothers and sisters that could not be be here with us, all those online, Lord. Continue to have your way in the sanctuary, Father. Touch Brother Jerry, Lord. Help them, Lord, as he makes ready to bring the word of life to your people, Lord. Oh father, we believe Lord Jesus that you have a word for us each one. Father, we pray now your blessings upon our giving. Lord, you told us to bring into the storehouse and you would open the windows of heaven and pour our blessings that there would not be room enough to contain it that you would rebuke the devourer for our sake. We have done our part, Lord Jesus, and we know that you will fulfill yours, Lord. We thank you for every blessing. It's in Jesus Christ's precious and holy name we pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sister Shondaanda, will you come? [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you, sister. God bless you. Um I just uh first want to say I hope my mom is watching. Um but I just thank God for her. Um she as we were growing up, she had Bible study with us. Um and not just her own kids, but she also had Bible study with um the kids of the neighborhood always came. And um she also always had like a snack which they probably only came for but they still got the word. But um I just want to um say happy Mother's Day to everybody and um to all the sisters. And if you could um just keep teaching your kids the word of God. Showing you the way is what he called me to do. Yes. Yes. making sure you know what it takes to get you through. Grace is almost over. Judgement's coming down. I got to make sure you're ready when he calls. [Music] You can't see ahead the danger lurking there. If you're not being fed, then you can't prepare. The squeeze is coming down and I may not be around. I gotta make sure you're ready when he calls. Listen, my [Applause] child. I've got to let you know we're being changed. And away with him will go. There is no time to waste. We've got to run this race with haste. I got to make sure you're ready when he comes. You can't see ahead the danger lurking there. [Music] If you're not being fed, then you can't prepare. The squeeze is coming down and I may not be around. I got to make sure you're ready when he calls. Listen, my child. I've got to let you know we're being changed. And away with him we'll go. There is no time to waste. We've got to run this race with haste. I got to make sure you're ready. Very sure you're ready. Got to make sure you're [Music] ready. Very sure you're ready. I got to make sure you're ready when he comes. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's from my mother's heart. Amen. They don't want the family will to be broken on that day. I want to make sure their children are ready when Jesus comes. Amen. Will you be ready when he comes? I wish I knew that song that maybe Brother Troy sang it sometime. Praise the Lord. Will you all stand to your feet? Amen. We want to thank the Lord that brother Jerry's mother is here this morning. It's good to have her in the house of the Lord. Praise the Lord. See brother DJ back in the back. God bless you. Good to see you, brother. Praise the Lord. Everybody else is just family. Amen. God bless you. Amen. We're going to invite Brother Jerry to come at this at this time. Let's sing Amazing Grace. How sweet the sound as Brother Jerry comes this morning. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that [Music] say like Oh, I once was lost, but now [Music] God bless you. Blessed mine word of prayer. Oh precious heavenly father. Lord Jesus, we thank you God for this great and mighty time that we're in Lord. Father God, not everybody could say they can be in the presence of the Lord. But God, we can say this morning that we are in the presence of the Lord. Oh, Father God, your scripture says, "Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us exalt his name together." Father God, I believe we have exalted your name this morning. We have exalted your name above all. We have exalted your names above how we feel. We have exalted your name above what we are going through. And Father, we are under expectation this morning, Lord. That that name that has been exalted would come down, oh Father God, and just prove once again, Lord, that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, heavenly father, may you have the preeminence now, Lord. May you, Father, circumcise the hearts of your people, Lord, in my lips, oh Father God, that I may be a vessel unto you, Lord, that you can use to speak the things that are eternal to your people. Father God, I pray you have your way, oh Lord. Speak to those that are watching online, Lord. Those that are far and near, Father God, may you have a word for them that is in due season. Father, we thank you now and we ask for your anointing. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you church. I greet you all in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm very honored and privileged to be before you. Uh it's a wonderful, wonderful day. Uh but this day is even more special because I have my own mother here and uh praise the Lord and I say happy Mother's Day to you mothers. Uh it is truly uh for me I grew up uh I I probably touched a little bit on this but um I would be what you would call a mama's boy. Uh I love my dad but mama just has a special place in my heart. So I with the with the with the thought of today uh hopefully uh Lord willing we just uh look to encourage the mothers here this morning. And how many believes that we have the oldtime mother, the breasted God, the El Shadia. Is that right? Praise the Lord. So, if you will, like to turn our Bibles this morning to a few scriptures, Proverbs chapter 3 verse 15- 18. And we'll also read in Proverbs 31 28- 29. Praise the Lord. Say amen when you're there. And uh just before we start the reading, it looks like our precious brother Solomon had a release on that song earlier. Uh so I pray that God will give us that same release in this in this time. So the scripture reads, "She is more precious than rubies, and all things that thou canst desire are not to be compared unto her. Length of days is in her right hand, and in her left hand riches and honor. Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace. She is tree of life to them that lay hold upon her. And happy is everyone that retainth her. And Proverbs 31 28 reads, "Her children arise up and call her blessed." Amen. Her husband also, and he praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excelst them all. Praise the Lord. You may all have your seats. May the Lord add a blessing to his reading. And as you had might have seen as a title this morning, I just want to use a mother's reward. A mother's reward. And as a subtitle, we want to key in on the greatness of motherhood. The greatness of motherhood. Now, how many believe that motherhood should not just be celebrated one day, but every day? Every day should be Mother's Day. It's a great honor and privilege. Uh but you know through the scriptures you know I believe God allows us to see how special a mother is and our brother mentioned earlier how the love of God the closest thing to it is a mother's love to her child. So we'll start with this quote here. The prophet goes to say now friends I know them each one is the prettiest baby in the world. I know that. I know better than to say anything else about that. And that's the way you should feel. There are little treasures that God has given you the responsibility of raising. And I've always said and made this kind of saying to mothers, we know written of the four gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. But there is a fifth gospel unwritten. That's mother. She gets them before Matthew. Mark, Luke, and John's teachings gets them. So the responsibility is placed upon you mothers and you fathers to raise these children for the kingdom of God. And I'm sure that's your heart's desire. Praise the Lord. So you see a mother has a special responsibility, right? And uh believe someone mentioned brother DJ was here. I I don't know if this DJ I know. Oh, God bless you, my brother. Good to see you. So the mother has a special responsibility and it's it's one that certainly can't be overlooked. uh one of the greatest times of this the history of this world what the prophet called the golden age uh it was the attribute of a true mother that was used to set the foundation for what would be the greatest time of of our of our history uh up until now. Uh so we want to pick this up in the book of first kings chapter 3 and verse 24. Uh but it just shows how important motherhood is and uh in this time we can see the the very king that was appointed was King Solomon. Uh but it was uh it was a decision that he had to make. Uh and it was a strategic decision because the purpose of it all was to point out what true motherhood is. So we read this in verse 24. It says, "And the king said, um, bring me a sword." And they brought a sword before the king. And as you all know the background of this story, this was two mothers where one of the mothers happened overnight to lay upon her child. The child uh died and the other child lived. And this other mother uh had such a a desire for her child to live. So she decided to plot this to create this situation to create this problem so that she can uh uh uh get the other mother's child. Uh so the king the this was brought to the king's attention and the the king with the wisdom that God gave him uh decided to go about it this way. Verse 25 says and the king said divide the living child in two right and give one half to the one and the other half to the other. Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king, for her bowels yarn upon her son. And she said, "Oh my lord, give the living child and no wise slay it." But the other said, "Let it be neither mine nor thine but divided." So you see, truth has a way of prevailing in any situation. And the thing about truth is that it's unseen because you have to truly uh uh uh believe in something that you have no control over. You see, and this mother was willing to let the very thing that was precious to her, she was willing to let it go. Is that right? Yes, sir. So, it goes on to say, "And the king said, king answered and said, give her the living child and in know why I slay it. She is the mother thereof. And all the Israel heard the judgment which the king had judged. And they feared the king, for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him to do judgment. So this started this great uh this this great attention that God was doing something great, right? Because of the wisdom of God in that hour. But you see, it was the it was it was the uh uh focus on what a true mother would do for her child. And you see this false mother is like the world if I could put it this way. She creates a problem so she can manufacture a solution. And that's what this world does. This world creates a whole lot of problems. But when you manufacture something, it only causes more pain. It only causes more hurt. It only causes more sorrow. So at the end of the day, this mother had to live with the reality of knowing that her son was dead. But because the true mother decided to act in faith, she was her son was restored back unto her. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So I like that in the midst of death, she became life to her son. Praise the Lord. And the reward that she received in this instance was the life of her son. So I want to read a few quotes uh from uh some Jewish traditional proverbs. And these quotes uh just kind of want to they're they're meant for mothers. And uh as I read them, I also want to read just another quote just the Lord that is uh that has inspired of me to to also add here as well. So the first quote that I have is God could not be everywhere so he created mothers. That's a Jewish proverb. I'm going say it again. God could not be everywhere so he created mothers. And and by reading this, I was just inspired to say a mother's love fills every empty space, right? And and we'll go ahead and see how God allows this to come to pass in the in the unique of ways. Praise the Lord. Because a mother is God's special agent. God has a way of using mothers to reach places other people can't. Is that right? Their care will reach places that you can't. their compassion, their gentleness, their patience, their longsuffering. All these things are things that mothers can attributes of mothers that can reach other places that other men can't reach sometimes. Praise the Lord. And and and you know, the nature of motherhood is is one that God often time uses to express his love, care, and compassion. We can see that through his word. So as we continue here, we want to turn to the book of Isaiah in uh 66:12. It says, "For thus sayeth the Lord, behold, I will extend peace to her like a river." So mothers, I want to encourage you this morning that because of what you do, because of what you sacrifice on a daily basis, day and night, God has a promise to you that he will extend your peace. Praise the Lord. He will not just give you peace but extended peace. Is that right? And one of the things I like about this is when you have extended peace, you can expect your children to also have extended peace. Praise the Lord. And I just believe that your children can't go beyond that which God has extended to you. If God has extended to you peace, then your children can only go so far. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, there was a Solomon that remembered the instructions of his mother, right? And there was a Moses that refused to be called the children of of the daughter the the son of do the daughter of Pharaoh. Is that right? So, he didn't just make a choice to choose God. He he actually had to refuse the beauty that was before him. And it was because what his mother has instilled in him. Praise the Lord. Amen. Come on, brother Jerry. So it says I will extend peace unto her like a river. And you know that word river represents life, prosperity and peace. So you can expect that. And it says in the glory of the Gentiles like a flowing stream. So the glory of the Gentiles, wealth, honor, and a overflow of blessings. Praise the Lord. And they shall then shall ye suck and ye shall be born upon her sides and be dandled upon her knees. As one of whom his mother comforted, so will I comfort you. And ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. And when you see this, your heart shall rejoice and your bones shall flourish like an herb. And the hand of the Lord shall be known toward his servants and his indignation toward his enemies. So mothers, God has given you a reward to have peace regardless of what the situation is. You can go to you can go to bed at night knowing that you have peace. You can wake up in the morning knowing that you have peace. And not just peace, but extended peace, which means when your peace run out, there's just a little bit more for you to get. Is that right? So you can enjoy and dwell in that extended peace. Praise God. Amen. You know, with my mother, I I I always in our home growing up, it it it of course we had everybody had their own rooms and the living room. The living room was off limits, you know. Uh so so we we only had a few places we can go. Of course, we have the patio, but there was just something special about mother's room. And you can go to mother's room and you can just find things there that you just where was this this whole time? You'll find wrapped gifts. You'll find different treasures. You and you'll just think, "Wow." And mother always locks her room because she knows there's treasure in her room. Amen. So, so you know, mother, when when it seems like things are running out, maybe in your room, there's a little bit more where mother is. When it seem like you don't have much left, you can go to mama for a little bit more cuz she's always has some. And don't get me started with going out and in and mama's handbag, she always has a little bit of food or snacks in her handbag. Mother is always prepared. Praise God. Amen. So, you know, the prophet had a had a time in his life when he the prophet loved hunting. That was his thing. That was his one of the things he did just to kind of get himself um uh really in fellowship with God in the in the woods. Uh but often times he would also go hunting with a few a few different folks. Uh but in particular, there was this man that he went hunting with. His name was called Bert Call. Bert Call. And uh he said Bert Carr was a real good man. Bert Carr was a nice man. He was a man of the woods. He could depend on Bert for almost anything cuz he was a a a expert there, you know. But he says Bert had a cruel heart. He just had a cruel heart and and it went so much so that he created this this little whistle that sounded just like a crying baby deer, you know. And and he went to the woods and he was with brother Brandham. And brother Brandham said, uh, you know, uh, they didn't think it was morning time and they didn't catch anything. They didn't find anything at all. But it came noon and they were eating lunch and he pulled this whistle out and brother Brandon says, "Bert, I know you're not going to use that. I know you're not going to do." But he started blowing it and it sound just like a mother's cry, just like a baby deer's cry. So, so he goes and he says, "Brother Brandham, your preachers are so chicken-hearted. That's the problem with you preachers, you know." But brother Brenam says, "No, it's it's it's not that. You just have to right to have to have the right attitude because you're you're you're you're not just you're you're trying to kill these these these these these baby deers and and we're not we're not here for that. Uh you know, you can kill one of them, but to just kill them for fun, that's not the way it goes. So anyhow, brother Brandham goes on to say here in the message the mother's dear um uh hearing him about this mother dear. So he says he pulled this little whistle out. He says, "I thought, oh my." And he cried like the baby, the little baby fawn crying for its mammy. And when he uh gave this cry just across the way, about 40 yards away. Oh, hardly so far. A big mother though. That's the mother deer. Stood up. Oh, she looked beautiful. Great big ears, big brown eyes, big veins in her face. Why? I was looking right at her. What was it? She heard a baby cry. She by nature was a mother. She wasn't a hypocrite. She was a mother. She wouldn't raise up at any other time. What did she do? Oh, Bird. I looked at uh Bert looked at me with the sheepest grin and he pulled back the bolt on the rifle and throw the shell up onto the chamber and he was uh cracked shot. I seen him level down the scope, then crossed hairs across that mother's heart. And she here she come walking out into the open looking. She never walk in that open in any other way. She was scared. But what was it? She was a mother. The baby was crying. Where he's at, he's in trouble. She'd take a chance. And mothers will always take a chance for her baby regardless of the situation. Amen. Praise God. It goes on to say, "She walked right into the open and I seen her turning sideways. When I seen that steady hand of Bert, I thought, oh God, don't let him do it. Oh, Bert, how can you be so cruel? that mama looking for her baby and you're going to blow her heart out. How can you be so wicked holding that rifle? I turned my head. I said under my voice, I said, "Lord, how can that man be so wicked? I know that in the touch of the trigger and that bullet will blow her heart, plum out of her." Then there she was. She saw the hunter. Did she stop? Did that stop her? No sir. Any other time she had been like Houdini, an escape artist, she had been gone. But what was it? She was a mother. Something in her, inside of her, meant more than life. Baby was in trouble. She was looking to see where that baby was. I waited and waited. The gun never went off. I looked around and there the wife, the rifle going like this. I looked at him, the tears was running down his cheeks. He threw the rifle on the ground and grabbed me around the legs and said, "Billy, I've had enough of it. I can't do it. God, be merciful to my wicked heart." right there in that snow drift. I led that cruelhearted man to Christ, which today he's roaming the woods up there, a real sweet, meek-hearted Christian. Why? Not because I was there, but because he's seen the display of a real love of not a hypocrite, not a pretending to be that that'll run at every little scare, but a real mother who could display a real genuine love. Praise the Lord. So we thank God for a mother that can genu that can that can produce such a love. And you know the thing about this love it it's not a it's not a love that you manufacture. It's not a love that you put on. You you are born with that because of what's in you. God has predestinated a certain material in you to have that kind of love for your children. Praise the Lord. So a woman's purpose is something that we want to look at here because it many people have different views of what a woman's purpose is, right? Especially when you when you come to a place of just really identifying woman. The world around us can't even identify what a woman is, right? Uh if you talk about what is a woman, they'll tell you a woman is is she or he and uh they'll have different names. So they're all over the place, but just 50 to 70 years ago, that wasn't even a question. So the thing about it is everyone wants to be either politically correct, culturally correct, right? They want to be socially correct. But I just like to ask, how about being biblically correct? Amen. How about how about being correct by what God has said? Right? And and I think if we can focus on what God has said, a lot of our a lot of our mothers today will understand the true value of being a mother and what it means to have that in their lives. Praise God. So, we want to go ahead and read this uh and um before we continue here, we'll just go real quick to Revelation 18. Um but you know when I think about womanhood uh I think about how God has uh chosen uh this specific nature for a woman to be clothed in. Right? God could have God God used a very a dear uh to have this type of nature that would attract a man to recognize what the love of God is. Praise the Lord. So, so I think it's important to note that God puts a lot of value on motherhood. God puts a lot of importance on a mother recognizing that that's her purpose. Amen. Because I don't believe that when you lose that, you you go to compromising. And when you compromise, you lose what it means to be a mother. Amen. So while you have mothers, we can see it all through scripture that God has promised will be blessed. God will have promised that he would seat uh sit seated on his right throne right next to him. Right? But you have mothers um that God had in his word has pronounced not only judgment but mothers where the Bible says God had remembered her iniquity. And we find this in Revelation 18 where it says, "For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God had remembered her iniquity. Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her, doubling according to her works." So, so you have a different kind of mother here, right? A mother that is really building herself up instead of her children. a mother that's looking at what what's important to her versus what is important to her children. Right? This same mother, the Bible says says she sits as a queen and she has no need of nothing. Amen. So what's so what what what's so sad about this this this this reality is not that she's this kind of mother, but that she has children that is coming up under her. She has children that deems this to be normal or acceptable. Is that right? So you have a a line of of generations that is now being influenced by this kind of mother. And the Bible says that he remembered her iniquities. How much more will he remember her daughter's iniquities. Right? And he said, "Reward her even as she rewarded you." Praise the Lord. It goes on to say in verse 7, how much she has glorified herself and lived deliciously. So much torment and sorrow give her. For she said in her heart, I sit a queen and am no widow and shall see no sorrow. So I just want to encourage the maybe maybe uh whether it's the young people or maybe it's it's it's any individual that if you are under the wrong mother this morning, you can change motherhood. You can change mothers. You can go from the queen of heaven. Um, you can go from the queen of this of of this world that says she sits as a queen to the queen of heaven, right? To the very creator of heaven and earth. Praise the Lord. In verse four, it says, "And I heard another voice saying from heaven, come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, that ye receive not of her plagues." Praise the Lord. So, brother Brandham says this statement. He says, "A son of God can go a long time before he recognizes he is a son." Which means you might be under the wrong mother for a long time until you recognize that there is more for you at some point. There is more for you to do. Praise the Lord. And and I believe that when you hear that cry, it's important for you to take action towards it. Because when we come to church, it's not just another church service, right? It's it's not just for us to uh hear the voice of men, but it's to hear the voice of God. Right? Because that's that was the diff that was the difference between the eagle and the chicken is that the ego heard a cry and she had one thing to do. that was to jump a little higher. Yeah. If she could just jump a little higher, she would leave her earthbound condition and go to a heavenly place where she can be lifted up higher. Is that right? Amen. So, there's so many things that can keep you earthbound. Right? Your friends can keep you earthbound. Your job can keep you earthbound. Your career, whatever it is, these things can keep you earthbound. But God has a purpose for you. when you hear that cry for you to act upon it. Praise the Lord. Now, the prophet says this in a message, the eagle in her nest. He says, she said, "Just take the first jump and flop your wings." And he made the first jump and flopped his wings. He found out he wasn't earthbound anymore cuz he sat on a barnyard post right in the corner of a Pentecostal organization. His mother said, "Son, you've got to come higher than that or I can't get you. Just give another jump and I'll bear you up on my wings. If there's anything the church of the living God needs to do is another jump from all the barriers of denomination, from all isms, just cut loose every life, every line, and go free and jump. He will bear you away on the wings of a great speckled bird. Praise the Lord. So we want to continue here. A mother understands that her duty to love, to care, to have compassion is not an option but her calling. Is that right? She understand that she is the first voice and the last voice of compassion. Oh yeah. In 1 Timothy verse 2A 2:9 it says in like manner also that woman adorned themselves in modest apparel with same face facedness and subriity not with brooed hair or gold of pearls or costly array but which cometh woman professing godliness with good works. Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection. But I suffered not a woman to teach, nor to assurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. But for Adam was first formed, then Eve. And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression. Notwithstanding, she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith, and charity, with holiness, and soy. So you see, a woman has a special purpose in just bringing forth child and being a mother, right? The Bible says she shall be saved in childbearing. Which means there's something that changes about you. You might not understand who you are now, but when you become a mother, there's certain things that that that releases unto you that God can bring out of you, attributes that has been hidden that God can use to show you the greater value of what your purpose is. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. The prophet says here, "The wife isn't saved by bearing a child." But let's turn now to uh 1 Timothy 2:8. Just a minute and let's just find out what the Bible says about the child. Now, I realize that's a Catholic doctrine that the child that the Catholic says the woman is saved in childbearing by bearing a child. I don't believe that. Notwithstanding, she shall be saved and childbearing. He's not talking to the woman of the world having babies if he if she continues in faith. See, if she continues, she's already that's the woman he's talking about. The woman that's already saved in charity and holiness with all sri. And you see, I say this to our young sisters. You you you are in a great prime place of just being um in in in in this uh great uh congregation of where the truth is being taught to you where you can receive what it means for you to be a bride of Christ. You see, but you do have a responsibility to continue in that faith, to continue in that same line, right? because there's going to be many things that will tempt you, that will try to get you to uh to go off, but you have the responsibility as the Bible says here, if you can continue, you shall be saved. Praise the Lord. It goes on to say uh not by having a baby makes her save but because she is raising children doing her duty not raising cats, dogs or what more to take the place of a child as they do today. Giving it a mother's love so she can go out and run all around all night. Some people do that. Sorry, but they do it. That's awful rude for me to say, but it's the truth. They don't want a baby to be tied down with it. But in childbearing, if she continues in faith, holiness, and soy, she will be saved. Praise the Lord. So the next quote I want to just mention here is a mother's prayer pierces all gates. A mother's prayer pierces all gates. So you see, a mother's reward is a long list of answered prayers. I'm going to say that again. A mother's reward is a long list of answered prayers. So if you have a a things you've been praying for or things that you're eventually going to be praying for, God has remembered your prayers because it is a a long list of answered prayers. When the mother prays, there's something that just connects to God because she has a way of of of just connecting to that child or that need more than anyone else can. Praise the Lord. So a mother often times she just doesn't pray for her own child. She's praying for generations. She's praying for others situations that that child might not see. Amen. So a mother is is always on her knees praying. And when she prays, the prophet says that a woman that can pray um can do more than a minister that stands behind the pulpit sometimes for the kingdom of God. Praise the Lord. So, it shows how much power there is in a mother's prayer. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to turn to Matthew 15 here, verse 22. It says, and we'll just look at a a mother's cry for her, for her child. And behold, a mother, a woman of Canaan, came out of the same coast, and cried unto him, saying, "Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David. My daughter is grievously vexed with the devil." But he answered her not. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, "Send her away, for she crith after us." But he answered and said, "I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel." Then came she and worshiped him, saying, "Lord, help me." But he answered and said, "It is not meat to take the children's bread and cast it to dogs." And she said, "Truth, Lord, yet the dogs eat the crumbs which fall from the master's table." And I just like this mother's response because she was willing to accept, right, what was deemed to be no value, right? But because of what her need was, it produced something that no matter what she was going to get in return, her need was going to be met. Praise the Lord. And you know, I remember having this conversation one time with uh brother Simba. He said that Jesus was always like the comeback king. You know, he always had a comeback for almost anybody. But when this mother responded, "Truth, Lord, even the dogs eat the crumbs that falls from the master's table." You see, this was a response that Jesus was was looking at her and says, "Whoa, wait a minute. I have to give us a different response now, right? Because I have to change course. It's not just that the bread is for the children because the the the the bread is the healing for the children, but now I have to pay special attention to this mother's need." Praise the Lord. And goes to say, then Jesus answered and said unto her, Oh woman, great is thy faith. Be it unto thee, even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour. Praise the Lord. And I just like how this whole thing played out because in today's world, many people are often looking for uh ways to experience greatness, right? You can look at your career to experience greatness. You can, if you're like me, you're looking at sports, right? And you're looking how you can experience greatness, right? They like to say the the greatest of all time. Praise the Lord. But this mother did something in the presence of the greatest of all eternity that would change her situation forever. Amen. And she was able to experience this because of what faith she had. Amen. And I just want you to understand saints that uh every time you see a praying mother you are experiencing greatness. Every time a mother goes to her knees, greatness is taking place. Praise the Lord. Now we want to continue here. Praise the Lord. All right. We want to read. Yeah. The prophet says, "A good praying wife or a mother can do more for the kingdom of God on her knees at home than sometimes the preacher can do on the platform." Praise God. So you see this mother was was was a special special type of mother, you know, and and I just like how she has this interaction with the Lord Jesus Christ to where because of her of her position, she was able to get supernatural power from the crumbs that fell from the master's table. Amen. Now the prophet says in the message perseverant he says this poor little woman she had all kinds of things to hinder her when she got to Jesus he called her a dog it's not meat to take the children's food and cast it to dogs and watch if that had been one of us Pentecostals well I'd never go back here and hear that holy roller again. Yes sir. People was right. But what was it with her? Not her. She had a hold of faith. She had something that she was going to achieve. The healing of her daughter. No matter what she said, the truth and humility will always admit the truth is right. She said, "It's true, Lord. I am not of your people. I am not a Jew and I am nothing but a dog. That's exactly right, Lord. And it's not meat for you to take the children's bread and give it to dogs. But Lord, the dogs eat the crumbs under the children's table." She was only after crumbs. And we're not invited to crumbs. We're invited to the table. But she was after crumbs. Praise the Lord. And I want you uh young people to know that although this is Mother's Day, right? Uh uh still on the day like this, a mother's willing to put herself to the side and says, "I want my children to be fed. I want my children to be invited to the table." Right? A mother wants to be invited, but a mother is more concerned about her children being at the table. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, there's one thing that I like about this is that a mother has been inviting you all her life because of how she's nurtured you, because of how she's raised you. Praise the Lord. And and when you when you at the table, there might be gifts and certain gifts that you might not recognize. Uh but only when you have the right character and your the mothers are are trying to bring you to have the right character so the right so the right gift can come forth out of your life. Amen. But I want you to know that you might have a gift, but God has the package. And which means he has so much more where that gift comes from. So it's important to surrender and submit to the character that the mother is trying to bring out of you. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Bible says in Hebrews 11:6, for without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. A mother is always diligently seeking the Lord. In Acts 16:31 it says, "And they said, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved and thy house." So mothers, you can apply the token to your home this morning. Whatever condition your home is in, wherever whether you have a wayward child, whatever that situation is, you have a promise for you to apply that token. And God is obligated to meet that token this morning. Is that right? The prophet says, "If you've got faith enough for your own self to be saved, have faith enough. No matter how weward that boy is or that girl is, they'll be saved anyhow." God somehow if he has to lay them on their back laying there in a hospital dying they'll be saved. God promised it the inheritance and they shall be there said Isaiah and all their offspring with them they shall not hurt nor destroy in my holy mountain say the Lord. Praise the Lord. This next quote from the Jewish proverb says a mother understands what a child does not say. A mother understand what a child does not save. And just want to say mother's reward is generational. It's eternal. So you a mother is one of those things and I've experienced this even with my wife as our children is growing up. Uh maybe even at the seventh or eighth month age, they'll start murmuring different things. And some way my my wife has a way of knowing what that child is saying. And I'm saying, how do you understand that's what that's what that child mean? That's what my daughter means. She just gets it because she has that connection with that child where she understands what that child either does not say or what that child is saying even if it's in a different language. Praise the Lord. So mother understands baby language very well. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Matthew chapter 4, uh we want to pick up these two sons. Um, and these two sons were called to be a follower of Jesus Christ, right? But there was a time in their lives where they had a certain desire. And in this desire, it was their mother that stepped in and and and asked of the Lord what that what that desire would be. So it says in 20 verse 21, and going from hence he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee and John his brother in a ship with Zebedee their father mending their nets and he called them. Amen. This was the beginning of Jesus ministry. And in Matthew 20 20 it says, "Then came unto him the mother of Zebed's children with her sons worshiping him and desiring a certain thing of him. And he said unto her, "What wil thou?" She said unto him, "Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on the right hand and the other on the left in thy kingdom." So this was a special request because this place that sister Zebedee was asking for wasn't even in existence yet. Right? So she had not only revelation but faith is the revelation. And because of that faith that she had, she was able to tap into something that was way far ahead of her. But you see, she wanted victory for her children. She wanted her children to have a life of overcoming power. Praise the Lord. And let's look at the response of Jesus. He says, "Ye know not what ye ask. Are you able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with? They said unto him, we are able. This is James and John. And he said unto him, Ye shall indeed drink of my cup and be baptized with the baptism I am baptized with, but to sit on my right hand and on my left is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my father. Praise the Lord. If I could put it like this, the mother of James and John saw you because you are the ones that God has reserved that place to be s sitting on the right hand of God. Right? So the mother of James and John had a such a special desire for her children. And that's the thing about mothers is God has made them a way to be spiritual because they have a sensitivity that sometimes even the fathers are not quick to be added to. So they have a way of having that spiritual eyesight to see what God has required or what God is able to do in the midst of their situation. Right? Praise the Lord. Now in Revelation 3 21 it says to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne even as I also overcame and am sat down with my father in his throne. Praise the Lord. So young people that is your mother's desire is for you to have a life of overcoming power. Is for you to have a life where no matter what the en enemy brings your way you can overcome. All right. And how do we overcome? We want to talk a little bit about this. And first John verse uh chapter 4 verse 2. It says, "Hereby we know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is God." So let's stop here for a moment. It's important that you understand that God is come to be in your flesh in this hour, right? God is wanting to operate in your flesh. Right? The Bible says to who you yield your members to, that's whose servant you are. Is that right? So you have to yield your your members to God. God wants control of your mind. He wants control of your heart. He wants control of your hands. He wants control of your body. He wants control of your soul and spirit. Is that right? So the a mother is able to connect with that same desire that God has for you. Praise the Lord. It goes on to say in verse three, "And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. And this is the spirit of Antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come, and even now already is in the world. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them." And this is the re this is the reason why you can overcome them. This is why God can call you an overcomer because he says greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. So no matter where you go, who are you taking with you? You're taking greater that is in you with you. When you go to work, you're taking greater that is in you. When you're going to a friend's house, you're taking greater that is in you. When you're going to a little fellowship, you're taking greater that is in you. Right? because he is able to keep you in any situation. And that's your mother's desire this morning. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. The mother has a way uh of of of being satisfied. And and and and the way I have it here is the way to a mother's heart is a clean home, but the joy of her heart is all her children being there. So a mother's home must always be clean, right? If a mother's home is not clean, she won't sleep right. She won't operate right. I mean, you'll have all sorts of delays. Uh uh I mean, I've I've seen my mother stay up all night just to make sure the home was clean. Praise the Lord. But you see, in the home there, the spiritual tabernacle that the mother wants clean also. That is your tabernacle. The mother wants to make sure that your mind is clean, that your spirit is clean, that you're not defiling yourself with the things of this world. Is that right? The Bible says if you love the things of this world and the the things of the the love of God is not in you. Praise the Lord. So, mother wants you to have a clean home. Praise the Lord. And even when you move out of mother's home, mother wants your home to be clean. Praise the Lord. Mother will come and without even asking, she'll start brooming and sweeping and mopping and washing dishes because mother wants a clean home. Is that right? And mother wants your spiritual home to be clean as well. Praise the Lord. So you have to watch what you see, watch what you look at, watch what what watch what you hear, watch what you allow yourself to be privy to because mother wants you to have a clean home. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. and her joy is for at the end of the day for you to be there with her. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we want to just touch a few mothers in the scripture that had uh just great sacrifices, right? Because, you know, mother goes through more than anybody else can see. Um and and and and they're the first to rise in the morning and the last to sleep at night many times. They're the first to be tired and the last to rest. So, so we want to just look at a few areas in the scripture. First one here is Hagar. I don't have a the scriptures for them, but Hagar was a single struggling mother in the wilderness. She was handpicked to be a concubine, but she was predestinated to be a mother. Amen. Sarah waited 90 years before she could become a mother and endured shame due to her barness. Joabed, the mother of Moses, gave up her son to the persecuting enemy. Hannah diligently prayed for her son and gave him back to the Lord. The widow of Zarapath in the midst of famine and gave up the very last meal she and her son had to eat the pro to feed the prophet Elijah. Mary had to watch Jesus, the son she bore, the the son that that she carried for nine months, watch him get crucified, whom she carried in the womb. Praise the Lord. So, mothers go through a lot. And when you consider all that a mother goes through, it can bring up a lot of questions. It can make it can sometimes even bring confusion. Right? Instead of asking why not me, you might say why me? Right? But I want you to know God has made you a special and a peculiar people. God has chosen you to stand the test. God has chosen you for a specific reason. Right? And with that question, the prophet says here in the message, Mother's Day, the question that's been in our minds is how can he do it? What would this somehow mysteriously they'll all fade away? The knots that's been tied in the back of our minds, will it be this? How could it be? Somehow or another, majestic fingers will just untangle, unravel those knots, and it'll all fade into one big crown of love. Praise the Lord. So, what an assurance you have this morning, mothers, to know that regardless of what the question is, even the soontobe mothers. Amen. You might ask yourself, why did I have to wait so long? But God says mysteriously the majestic fingers will unravel those knots, right? And it all fade into one big crown of love. Is that right? It says, "Then we shall see him. Then we shall be like him. Then we shall worship him. Then we shall see mother as God wants her." Mother would not be complete there without her family. Cuz the greatest time of all of her life is to see the children around the table and all of them healthy and happy and to see her pour out coffee or whatever she does and fix a supper and her and sit and dad sit down. Why? That's the happiest time in mama's life. See her kitties all at home now. Don't miss Don't be missing that day. And that's to the young people. Don't be missing that day. You know, young people, I just want to say it's not worth it to miss that date, right? No. No matter what the world seems to offer you, right? It might be a friend, it might be a boy, a girl, whatever it is, you can turn down that invitation cuz it's not worth it to miss it. Mother will not be complete. If you want mother to be complete, then you need to make sure you're there. Is that right? You need to make if you want you don't want to go there and see mother not complete because you didn't do your part. Is that right? So you have a part to play to stay in the straight and narrow path. Is that right? Praise God. The prophet goes on to say, "Let the great chain of your family be hooked together link by link." I'm going to say that again. Let the great chain of your family be hooked together link by link. Young people that have a family, a godly mother and a godly father that believes this message, I want you to know it's a special thing. See, I didn't grow up in this message. I grew up, my mother can testify, we grew up in a in a some semi-pentecostal denominational, right? And I was under a woman's ministry, right? My pastor was a woman, very gifted, very spiritual. Is that right? But as a young man, I was confused. And when I came to this message, God opened my eyes and I had brothers that I was that I got close to, brothers that I became connected to. Is that right? And I began to admire them because they grew up in the message. I began to look at them like, man, I wish I was you. You've had all this food all these years, and I'm just the newbie trying to catch up. Is that right? But you see, some of those brothers have turned away from this message. And and young people, you might be tempted to turn away, but I want you to know that regardless of what efforts your mother and dad is doing, this message is that message of this hour. Is that right? You have something to stand on that other people can't. Is that right? Hey, the the the the the brother just said how we have a 70 71-y old prophecy that just came to pass. Is that right? People might want to tamper with it, right? But we have a message that's undefeated. We have a message that's unstoppable. We have a message that's never missed a beat. Is that right? And it should be your desire this morning to uphold this message with everything that you have. Is that right? That's the mother's desire this morning. And if you want mother to really be rewarded, she'll be rewarded with your life. She'll be rewarded with the life that you surrender to the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. In closing, I'll say this. In a message, the serminian church age, the prophet says, "Every time the Lord uses those words," fear not, there is an engagement at hand which will involve great danger and suffering and deprivation. Now, he does not say it in a blunt curt manner, tribulation is coming. That would frighten one. But like a mother who is about to turn out the light says gently to her child, lest he be frightened. Now don't you be afraid, for the light will go out and it will be dark. But remember that I am here with you. So he says, don't be afraid of man or woman of what man and woman can do to you. I am with you and my grace is sufficient for you. When you pass through the waters, they will not overflow you. Not even in death are you defeated, you are more than conquerors. Amen. And I want to just read a series of scriptures. Mothers, regardless of the situation, the prophet says every time you see those words, fear not. There is an engagement at hand. Hallelujah. So church, mothers, fear not. In Isaiah 54, it says, "Fear not, for thou shalt not be ashamed, for thou be thou confounded, uh, for thou shalt not be put to shame, for thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shall not remember the reproach of thy widowhood anymore." Daniel 10:19, "Fear not. Peace be unto thee. Be strong. Yay, be strong." Exodus 20:20, "Fear not, for God is come to prove you." And that is his fear that he may go before your faces that ye sin not. Praise the Lord. Joel 202:21, "Fear not, O land. Be glad and rejoice for the Lord will do great things." How many believe that this morning? Judges 6:23, "Fear not, thou shalt not die." Ruth 3:11, "Fear not, I will do to thee all that thou requireest, for all the city of my people doth know that thou art a virtuous woman." Isaiah 41:13, "Fear not, I will help thee." Isaiah 43:1, "Fear not, for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by thy name, thou art mine." Amen. Luke 8:50, "Fear not, believe only, and she shall be made whole." Luke 12:7, "But even in the very hairs of the the head of all, but even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not, therefore, ye are of more value than many sparrows." Praise the Lord. I really like that one because it goes to show that your actions can never outnumber the numbers of your the very hair that's numbered on your head. So regardless of how much trials come your way, God is saying to you, "Fear not, because you are more value in his eyes, you are precious in his eyes." Luke 12:32, "Fear not, little flock, for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." Amen. And the last one here, Revelation 11:17, fear not. I am the first and the last. So the reason you can have peace at night, the reason you can rest is because there's one that rises before you. And there's one that goes to sleep after you, is that right? There's one that does not slumber, but he watches over you day and night. He is the first and the last. So you can take rest in that, saints. And mothers, when you're at home, you can fear not. When you're on the job, you can fear not. When you're at work, regardless of where it is, when you're on the road, you can fear not. Amen. He's the brakes when your brakes run out. He's the stop sign when you don't see one. He's the light when there is none. Amen. And he's the life when your life is done. Amen. Amen. And he's the keeper of your life when your children are gone. So regardless of what the situation is, fear not. Amen. Look at your neighbor and say, "Fear not." Fear not. Amen. So mothers, you have something to hold on to. And and and and young people, I want to remind you once again, if you want mother to be complete, make sure you're there. Amen. Make sure that nothing is stopping you from being there because that's mother's greatest desire. As much as we can celebrate Mother's Day, mother still wants her children to be recognized. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. [Applause] Oh heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you, oh God, for this great opportunity to minister into the purchase of your blood. Oh father god, you have reminded us once more, Lord, that we have nothing to fear. Father God, we see wayward children, yet we have nothing to fear. Father God, we see disobedience, yet we have nothing to fear. Father God, we see temptation rising in this generation, yet we have nothing to fear. Oh, Father, you said you are the first and the last. And Father God, we take great rest this morning, knowing that you have everything under control. Father God, you said it, Lord, that your ch our children's, Father, the the very children of our mothers cannot go beyond that which you've extended unto them, Lord, which is that peace that passes all understanding. So, Father God, I pray that you would continue to strengthen our mothers, Lord. Continue to uplift them, Father God. Continue to use them, Lord God, because they're the backbone of this church, Lord. They're the backbone of this nation, Father God. Lord, while the motherhood of this world is failing, oh God, but we know true motherhood through your word has pre is prevailing, oh God, where we can hear the crying of that mother eagle, Father, to say, "Come out and come up." And Lord, we can hear that cry, Father, and we can jump a little higher, Father God. So Lord, may you cause us to jump even higher than where we are, Father. Jump to higher grounds, Lord. jump to higher heights, Father God, where we can hear, oh Lord, you speak to us from lip to ear, Father God. Lord, we pray that you would bless our children, Father God. Bless each young one, Father God. Lord, we know it's a evil age, Lord God. And God, the God of this evil age is is doing a a chaos, Lord. He he he is creating havoc all over, Father God. But Lord, you said the gates of hell would not prevail, Father God. You promised that, Lord God. So, Lord, we stand on your promises this morning, Lord, believing that our children will experience that great victory of overcoming, Lord God, because greater is he that is in them, than he that is in the world, Father God. So, Lord, let our mothers take courage, Lord. Let our mothers take comfort, Lord God, knowing that greater is he that is in them than he that is in the world. Oh, Father, bless each one, Lord God. May the word continue to strengthen us and minister into our hearts. Father God, it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints. We thank the Lord. Amen. I just wanted to encourage you mothers this morning. Uh it's certainly a a grand uh opportunity to have uh not just a mother uh but a godly mother, a mother that truly cares. And we know that we have the mother of mothers. That is our Lord Jesus Christ. As our brother prayed this morning, he is both male and female. He is the breast of God. Amen. So we can take rest this morning. God richly bless you. [Applause] Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Jeremy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Give the Lord another hand. Clap for praise. My Lord, what a message. Uh you know, just listening to Brother Jerry preach and you know, you think back over your life. I remember when I got converted and uh you know I I I never really needed friends because I had three brothers. We were very very close. But when I got converted, we separated. I didn't separate from them, but they separated from me. When I would walk in a room, they would leave. I follow them into the other room, they would leave. And mama saw that. So when she saw that, she was like, "What did this boy get into? Let me read some of these books and listen to some of these tapes that, you know, he's been listening to and reading." And as she did that, I can now call mama sister. and just thinking, you know, how she just wants to see all of us together. She'll do everything she can just to get me and my brothers together. She'll have me praying for them. She'll have me praying with her. A mother loves never stop. Amen. She don't want that family circle to be broken. She want to see all of her children together here on the earth. Amen. And on the other side. Amen. So children, just understand mama loves you. Amen. Every every man can testify that if you want a man to fight, you talk about his mama. You're going to get a fight. I I sort of took advantage of that playing sports. If you know, I was always on offense, guys, they would, you know, talk noise and I was a very quiet person. But if I wanted them to get out of character so that I can take advantage of them, I would say, "Your mother's a man." And they would try and kill me. So they would be angry coming at me all out of control and I'm scoring touchdowns all because of the psychology. I know how you feel about your mama. Wow. And I can take advantage of you. So mothers know that you're loved by your boys. No matter what, they got your back. Don't Don't talk about nobody, mama. Praise the Lord. Will you stand to your feet? I don't have a song for mother, but just God bless you. I just wanted to mention uh my wife and I, we brought a few roses for the mothers in the back. So, as you're walking out, feel free to take a rose. Happy Mother's Day. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, what we'll do, we'll sing uh what he got into at the end. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Come on, let's sing it again. Say, "Greater is he that is in me." Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Come on. Satan like well Satan like a roaring lion roaming to every seeking whom he may devour seeking whom he may devour. Bible tells us so many souls have been his prey. Many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak. God has promised us today. God has promised us today his overcoming power. Say, "Greater, greater is he that is in me." Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Well, on the day of pitching costs, a rushing mighty wind blew into the upper room and baptize all of them with a power greater than any earth before. [Music] I'm so glad that I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Gater, greater is he that is in me. Gater is he. Gater, greater is he that is in me than he has in. Say, "Greater, greater is he that is in me." Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Father God, we thank you so much, Lord God, for being both father and mother to us, Lord Jesus. Father, we know as a father, sometimes you have to be stern, Lord Jesus, and correct us. But as a mother, Lord God, you can nurture us and comfort us in our times of need. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful for the great grace that you've given us, Lord, blessing us, Lord, with mothers that care, with mothers that would would teach us, Lord Jesus. and Lord know how we're doing Lord. Sometimes when we don't have the words to say about certain things that hurt us, Lord, but mother knows, Lord Jesus, she she can get into that channel with us, Lord God, and bring us out. So, Father, we pray that you answer every prayer of the mothers, Lord. We ask almighty God that you'll bless them, Lord, for all that they have given us, Lord Jesus. They pour out their lives, Lord. They put their lives in jeopardy, Lord, that we might live. Lord, they sacrifice, Lord, being hungry that we might be fed. Oh, Lord, they'll sacrifice, Lord, something that they want, Lord, that we may have our hearts desire. Lord, you're so good to us, Lord. Thank you for the mothers that you've given us. And Father, we have sisters that desires to be mothers and those, Lord, that have yet to get married. Lord, look into motherhood down the road. Father, bless them, Lord. Oh father, may they be the greatest upon the earth, Lord. For in this age that we're living in, motherhood is fading, Lord Jesus. Mothers allowing their children to drink with them, smoke with them, run around, and all these different things. But holiness, Lord Jesus, is what you want for us. So, Father, we ask that you would bless the the future mothers. Lord, bless your people as we prepare to leave this place, Lord Jesus. Oh God, go before us and and and may we be a blessing, Lord, to all those we come in contact with. We love you, Father. We pray, Father, that you'll bless Brother Jerry, everything that he gave us, the preaching of the gospel, Lord, the giving of his time. Oh, Father, in giving of himself this morning, Father, thank you for using him to speak to us. We love you, Father. Commit all things to you now. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats and our brothers will come and dismiss you at this time. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Jesus you have given up from my heart. I would like to say that I thank you. Thank you Jesus. Oh. Oh Jesus. Gra from my heart. I would like to say that I thank you. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you Jesus. I can't say that I thank you. Oh, thank you Lord [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music]
