################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Jubilee III - Bro Jack Duff (04-27-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    Jubilee III - Bro Jack Duff (04-27-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkPCT1x64vM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] My hands have I see the stars. Heat. Heat. Heat. The universe sings my soul. My savior God. How great thou are. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. And when I think that God his son not sparing sent him to die, thy scarce can take it in. [Music] At on the cross, my burden gladly bearing, he bled and died to take away my sin. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou [Music] art. How great thou are. instinct. Oh my soul sing to God. Oh, how great thou are. How great. [Music] Oh, this. Oh my soul. Oh my soul, how great. Oh, come on. Let's sing it again. Oh, this is my soul. Oh, how great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Oh, this my soul, my soul. your God to thee. How great thou [Music] are. How great thou. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Turn into wine. Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. No one. No. There's none like you. Into the darkness. Into the darkness you shine. Say out of the ashes. Oh, there's no one like you. No one. Oh, none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. Say God you are higher than any other. Our God is heer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Into the darkness. Into the darkness you shine. Say, "Out of the ashes, we rise. There's no one like you. No one. Oh, there's none like you. Say God is [Music] great. Oh, our God is stronger. You are higher than [Music] king. Jesus power. Our God. Oh, our God is great. [Music] Oh, I got stronger. Yes, God. You are higher than me. [Music] I know. And if I die and if my God is Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. God. Our God is. Oh yes. He is God. You are higher than me. Our God is here. Our God. Our God. Our God is great. Oh, our God is stronger. on you are higher than other power. Oh God. Oh [Music] God. Hallelujah. You are my [Music] champion. Try falling. You stand on defeat. Every battle you won. I am who you say I am. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Try so hard to see. So long to believe it. You choose someone like me to carry your victory. But never give what we don't deserve. You take the world [Applause] to you for you. Every battle you are. I am who you say I am. Ground me with comfort. I am seated in the heavenly place. I defeated it with the one who has it all. Now I can finally see it. Teaching me how to receive it. Let all those [Music] [Music] se teaching me how to receive it. to let all the striving. This is my victory. You are my champion. Try falling. You stand undefeated. Every battle you won. I am who you say I am. You crown me with comfort. I am seated in the heavenly place. I'm defeated. With the one who has conquered it all. When I lift my voice and shout, every wall comes crashing down. I have the authority Jesus has given me. When I open up my mouth, mirales start breaking now. I have the authority. Jesus has given me. Come on. When I lift my voice and shout, every wall comes crashing down. I have the [Music] [Applause] authority Jesus has given me. Oh, when I open up my mouth, mirals are breaking out. [Music] Jesus [Music] has you are my champion. I war used and undefeated in the heavenly places [Music] [Applause] of what we used in the heavenly Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. The victory is already won. Amen. We just celebrated Easter. And that was a time of the of the greatest victory ever known to mankind when Jesus broke the seal of death, hell, and the grave and won the victory for mankind. Amen. And let's open our Bibles to Psalms 119 and we'll go we'll start at verse 57 and we'll read down to verse 64. Psalms 119:57 reads, "Thou art my portion, O Lord. I have said that I would keep thy words. I entreated thy favor with my whole heart. Be merciful unto me according to thy word. I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies. I made haste and delayed not to keep thy commandments. The bands of the wicked have robbed me, but I have not forgotten thy law. At midnight, I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments. I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy precepts. The earth, O Lord, is full of thy mercy, teach me thy statutes. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. righteous. Father, your word, Lord God, is everything to us, Father. It's what we live for, Lord. Father, and we love to be obedient to your truth, Father. We have come this morning that we might hear your word this morning, Lord. And we need you to speak to us. Each one of us, Lord God, we have different tests and different trials, Lord God. We have different victories that must be won, Lord Jesus. There are so many things that we as overcomers must overcome, Lord. And we need your word, Father, for every situation that we have, Lord. It's already written. Father, we read the back of the book, Lord Jesus. We win, Lord, regardless of whatever comes our way. So, Father, I pray, Lord God, that you'll shine the light on your word as our pastor brings it this morning. Father, that a fresh anointing will rest upon him and upon this congregation, upon our brothers and sisters that are listening in, Father. Father, we want you to move, Lord. And Father, we don't want your presence to go unrecognized, Lord. We want to see you while you're moving even now in this service, Lord. Father, you know how to deal with each and every heart, Lord. So, we ask, Father God, just brood over us, each one, Lord. Oh father, as the prophet would say, make love to your people, Lord God, by brooding over your children. Transform our lives, Lord. You said that we are the children of God, and that's who we are, Lord. But you also said that we are an invincible army, Lord. Make us what you would have us to be, where Satan could have no place, no victory anywhere in our lives, Lord. Oh Lord, this comes by your word, Lord, and by the quickening power of the Holy Ghost. Quicken us all together in your divine truth. Bless our pastor, Lord, in a mighty way. Bless brother Willie in a different ministering brothers, Lord, as we all prepare our hearts to hear from heaven. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. In my life be [Music] glorified in my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified. [Music] [Music] Oh my. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, in my life [Music] Take in my [Music] [Applause] life. Oh Lord be [Music] glorified. Be glorified. Oh my life. Be glorified. Be glorified. Oh, in this church. In this church. Hallelujah. Be glorified. Be glorified in this church. Be glorified Lord. Be glorified. Hallelujah. Oh, in your in your be glorified. [Music] Oh, be glorified in your Lord. [Music] your [Music] glorified. Hallelujah. In my heart. Oh, in my heart. In my heart. Be glorified. [Music] be glorified. Yes. In my heart. Oh be glorified. Hallelujah. Well in my home. Yes. In my home, I want you to be glorified both day and night, night and day. Hallelujah. Yes. In my heart. Oh Lord, be glorified. Yes, Lord. Yeah. Oh yes. In my [Music] [Applause] life. In my life. Be glorified. be glorified in my [Applause] life. Be glorified. Be glorified today. [Music] All [Music] [Applause] [Music] the hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we want to receive the glory. Oh, day and night. Night and day, day and night, night and day, night and day, day and night. be glorified when I'm working on my job, when I'm studying in my school, when I'm doing my business. Lord, Hallelujah. When I'm leading my family, when I'm in the church house, when I'm driving in my [Music] car, Hallelujah today. Amen. Is that your heart's desire? Hallelujah. He needs willing vessels to use. Amen. Satan has so many people, billions of people in this world, he can anoint and use at any time. Amen. Sometime the test and trials that you're going through, it's because Satan has somebody he can use. But God wants to use those tests and trials that these people are coming to bring out what he has placed in you. Amen. He has great attributes in you that he wants to put on display. So when the test and trials come, just quiet down your spirit. and take God's place. Amen. God bless you. All may have your seats. We're going to invite Sister Birds to come this morning. Amen. Give us a special. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. Y'all pray for me. I'm a little nervous. I won't say a little nervous. I'm a lot nervous. Praise God. I don't have to worry where I'll spend the eternity. Eternity. I don't have to worry where I spend eternity. Eternity. Jesus, he died. This I know. If for no other, he died for me. And I don't have to worry, Lord, where I'll spend eternity. Eternity. And I don't have to wonder if my name is written on high or written on high. Say I don't have to wonder if my name is written on [Music] high. God sent his angel. He called me out. Oh, I am anchored. I have no doubt. I don't have to wonder. Oh, if my name is written on high. Oh, I don't worry no more. Oh, say I don't worry no more. Yeah, Lord, I don't worry no [Music] more. No, I don't worry no more. Oh, I don't have to worry if my savior going to come back to me. Come back for me. Say I don't have to worry if the savior going to come back for me. Put his mark on me for the world to see. Glory to God is for eternity. No, I don't have to worry. Oh, if my Jesus would come back for me tonight. Say, I don't worry no more. Hallelujah. No, I don't worry no more. Oh Lord, I don't worry no more. Oh Lord, I just don't worry no more. I don't have to worry if I receive my body change. My body change. I don't have to worry if I receive my body change. Walking with Jesus in this heavenly realm. I'm being born y'all to the image of him. And I don't have to worry. Lord have [Music] eternity. eternity. See, I don't worry no more. Hallelujah. I don't have to worry. Oh, I don't worry no [Music] more. I don't worry no more. Jesus, I just don't worry no more. Well, I don't have to worry where I've spent. [Music] Eternity. Eternity. Say I don't have to worry where I'll spend [Music] eternity. Jesus put his mark on me. He called me out. Of this one thing, y'all. I have no doubt. Oh, I don't have to worry. Oh, where I spend eternity. Eternity. No, I don't worry no more. Jesus. Oh, I don't wonder no more. Hey, I don't wonder no more. Yeah, Lord, I just don't worry no more. Hey, y'all. I just don't worry no more, Jesus. I just don't wonder no more. Hey, I don't have to wonder no more. Jesus, I don't wonder no more. Jesus, Jesus took my life. He is in control. He changed my body, y'all. He filled my soul. No, I don't worry no more. Hey, got that assurance. Hey Lord. Hey Lord. That blessed assurance. Yeah Lord. Blessed assurance. Hey. Oh I don't worry no more. Thank you Jesus. I just don't worry no more. Oh Lord, I don't have to worry where I'll spend. Eternity. Eternity. Eternity. Eternity. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ain't nothing to worry about. You don't have to wander no more. Amen. When you left that other thing, you heard from your theophony. Amen. Amen. You You're eternity bound. You don't have to worry about anything. When the Holy Ghost came in, he said, "Peace, be still." Amen. Amen. You had no more trouble in your soul. God bless you, Sister Bur. We really appreciate the special. Hallelujah. Amen. We don't have any written prayer requests, but we want to keep Brother Willie upon our heart is we're grateful for what the Lord did with brother Troy and bringing him and Brother Jimmy, Sister Burn, and Sister Tanya back safely. Amen. The Lord is [Applause] [Music] good. Hallelujah. Amen. And may I have the announcement, sisters? Amen. The sisters will be meeting about the picnic directly after service, but it's going to be right over here. While we break down, the brothers break down here. Sisters, you're going to meet over here right after service. Praise the Lord. We have a birthday coming up on Monday. Sister Linda Lexia. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. will continue to stream via Facebook at satabernacle and also the church's website john423.org. We have a Friday home tape service this Friday coming up. The message will be God's provided way. 61-0516mm. Amen. So remember 610516M. That's for the morning service. Amen. on our upcoming events. We have a youth outing at Altitude Trampoline Park, Saturday, May 10th. Uh the time to be determined. We have a special guest speaker Sunday, May 18th. That'll be Brother George Smith. And then we have our Memorial Day church picnic will be uh Monday, May 26 at Hill Park. We'll start at 11:00 a.m. Amen. Upcoming services, Jesus Christ Tabernacle Youth and Family Camp, June 5th through the 8th. Registration ends May 8th. That should be next week. Uh you can go to jctctamp.com to register and our meetings in come are coming up July 25th through the 27th. I will restore say the Lord at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens. Um South Florida choir rehearsals are May 17th, May 31st, June 14th, June 28th, July 5th, and July 12th. Amen. And that'll be at Brother Jean's Church of Tabernacle in Boon Beach. All of these uh rehearsals will start at 6:00 p.m. Amen. As for our giving, we have a wooden box in the back. You can leave your given in there. For those in the sanctuary, our preferred method online is Zel. Um it doesn't have any fees. Uh the email address you would use with Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org for cash app. It's dollar sign spirit and truth t for those who desire to mail in your giving. Spirit and truth tabernacle PO box Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our hearts one more time. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your great grace and your mercy, Lord, that you have bestowed upon each of us, Lord. We are a blessed people, Lord. Lord, to have our souls sealed. We don't have to worry about eternity. We don't have to worry about our bodies being changed, Lord God, for we have the token, Lord Jesus. Our ticket is in our hands and we're ready to go. So, Father, we thank you for what you're doing in this service, Lord. And we pray that you'll continue to bless the remainder of the service, Father. Be with our brothers and sisters that cannot make it here for whatever reason, Lord. May your blessings be upon them. And father God, as we turn our part, our hearts to this portion of our worship, Lord, our giving, Lord, Father, you said, Lord God, you would open the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing that there wouldn't be room enough to receive it, Lord Jesus, and you would rebuke the devourer for our sakes. Father God, may we expect this to come to pass, Lord Jesus. May we expect the blessings in our spiritual life. May we expect the blessings in our family, Lord. May we expect the blessings in our bodies, Lord. May we expect the blessings in our finances, Lord. Father, bless your people abundantly, Lord. You've come that we might have life and have it more abundantly. Lord, both in this life and in the life to come. So I pray, Lord, your blessings upon your people. Lord, we return this in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Sarah, will you come? [Applause] Okay, there we go. Just sing with me. You don't have to worry and don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last always. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And when your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. With Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in his hands. So in your test and trials, they seem to get you down. All your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. So if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can say no matter what may come my way. My life is in his hands. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can change. No matter what may come my way. My life is in his hands. Oh, I know that I can make it. And I I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in his hands. And with Jesus, I can take it. With him I know I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in his hands. know I know that I can make it and I know that I can stay no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. And with Jesus I is with him. I know. I know. And that's no matter what. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. And I know that I I can make it. And I know I can I can stand. No matter what. No matter what. No matter what may come my way. Oh, I'll go. I'll go through fire and blood. No matter. I'll go. I'll go where you want me to go. No matter what may come my way. Life is in your hand. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] as I know. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. I know that I can make it. Yes, I do, Lord. No matter what. No matter what. Make no matter what. Oh, no. No. No matter what. Hallelujah. My life is in your hands. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. How many feels this way? That way. Amen. Our lives are in the hand of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Why should you worry about eternity? Amen. I've been changed. Free [Music] delivered. I found joy and [Music] peace. Praise and [Music] favor say right [Music] now today I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed and I have [Applause] waited. Amen. Let's sing it all together as our pass [Music] come. So we say don't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and change me. We'll say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me all my shame. [Music] Give [Music] [Applause] him forgiven. No more chain. No fear. My [Music] past is over. Oh, say right [Music] [Music] [Applause] now. I [Music] have I won't Let it pass by. I won't go back. Say I can't go back to the [Applause] [Music] [Applause] way. I won't go back. [Music] Oh, before your presence [Music] [Applause] came. Never going back. Say never going back. Oh, I am never. Well, I am never to wait. Whoa. Never going back. Never going back to the way. Never going back. Oh Lord, never going back to the way. Come on, one more time. Never going back. No, no, never going back. To the way to the way. To the way. To the way. To the way. To the way. To the way. I won't go back. Say I won't go [Applause] [Music] back. [Applause] Wo. Come on. One more time. I won't go back. Say, oh hallelujah. Before your presence came and changed [Applause] me. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh glory. Amen. Praise the Lord. Why don't you just turn around and greet somebody? Say, "So good to see you in the house of the Lord today." Amen. My God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Musicians, thank y'all very much. appreciate you all in your service. Amen. On today, uh thank God for the specials uh that went forth on today and the worship. It's everything that's been done in the name of Jesus. Uh I believe he's truly pleased. Amen. Saw Brother Kelly back there. Good to see you, my precious brother. Uh God bless you. Um I was informed them yesterday that um uh brother Jean Avis attends there at Rapture and Faith Tabernacle. Um you you all know brother Jean, but brother Jean uh suffered a stroke uh earlier this week and uh we want to uh take our brother to the Lord in prayer. Amen. and um uh pray that God would just uh reverse this because I actually heard the prophet pray a prayer like that for another man uh in his day that had a a stroke and the prophet prayed that God would reverse it and God did just that. Uh I know there's nothing too hard for the Lord. Amen. Uh so let's let's just uh carry uh Brother Jean uh before the Lord. Father, we come in the name of Jesus on behalf of um a a servant, a son, God, that's been so faithful throughout the years. He's been a bridge, Lord, to so many. And God, we see that the enemy has attacked our brother, Lord, with this stroke. But God, we're asking that you would reverse every uh impact or symptom that comes from it, Lord. That you would bring complete and total healing uh to his body. Satan, we rebuke you in the name of Jesus. Uh, as sons and daughters of God, we know that what we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and what we loose on earth shall be loose in heaven. So, we loose the the mighty hand of God to touch our brother, Lord, supernaturally, and bring healing to his body. Watch over his wife, his daughter, Lord. You know, everything that that is impacted by this. Meet every need that he would have, oh God, uh during this time. We just trust Lord Jesus that you would get the glory, the honor, and the praise from raising our brother up. It's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We also, Father, ask your blessings on your word as we read it in Jesus name. Amen. Let's turn in our Bibles uh to uh Leviticus 25. I am returning back to uh our thought on Jubilee year and um there's just a few things that I I desire to tie in and um uh there is a part of this when when when trying to tie it in uh there is some reading that I need to do and then there's some depending on inspiration that I need to do uh and we're just trusting God just to get the glory uh out of this. But but one of the most important things for me, amen, is to bring the church to a place where they're settled uh when it comes to the word of the Lord. And uh and it's it's important to be settled because you will hear a lot of people saying a lot of things. And remember, you know, the prophet said there are so many voices in the land. So many voices and you got to watch these voices. And I'll be honest with you, some voices actually feel like they greater than the prophet. [Music] Yeah. Yeah. We got to be careful. Uh if a prophet said it, you don't understand it. You just wait until understanding come to you. But you don't try to go above the prophet. It it could because the prophet had a very specific ministry and his ministry was to reveal the mysteries of God to us. Amen. Amen. So, uh you got to watch all the voices, but my job is to try to make sure the church is settled. Amen. And um uh so let's read. Amen. Here, Leviticus 25 verse one says, "And the Lord spake unto Moses and Mount Si, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, saying to them, when ye come into the land which I give you, then shall uh the land keep a Sabbath unto the Lord. Six years thou shalt sew thy field, and six years thou shalt uh prune thy vineyard, and gather in the fruit thereof. But in the seventh year shall be a Sabbath of rest unto the land, a Sabbath uh for the Lord. Thou shalt neither sew thy field nor prune thy vineyard. That which groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap, neither shall neither gather the grapes of the vine undress. For it is a year of rest unto the land. And the Sabbath of the land shall be meat for you uh for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee, and for thy cattle, and for the beasts that are in thy land shall all the increase thereof uh be meat. Verse 8 says, and thou shalt number seven Sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times, seven years. in the space of the seven Sabbaths of years shall be unto thee 40 and nine years. Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the Jubilee to sound on the 10th day of the seventh month and the day of atonement. Shall you make the trumpet sound throughout all your land? Now there's there's significant things that are happening here. This is a a Jubilee trumpet uh that sounds uh and then it says in the day of atonement. Okay, in the day of atonement. And um and some of the information I'd like to bring to you today is uh the Jews are actually called back to a day of atonement after the Gentiles have uh finished their pestal feast. I think um okay um the uh so so we want to just kind of look at that um them Jews being called back to their uh day of atonement after that Pentecostal feast and we are currently in the pen brother Brandham called it a Pentecostal Jubilee. Uh that's where we find ourselves right now. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And and so there's a time uh that the the Jews will be called back. So, uh, and the preparation has already begun for them to be in the land. Amen. To receive their two prophets. Praise the Lord. I'm going to say that again. Preparation has already begun for the Jews to be in the land to receive their two prophets. Amen. [Music] Amen. All right, let's let's go on. Uh verse uh verse 10 says, "And ye shall hallow the 50th year and proclaim liberty throughout all the land and to all the inhabitants thereof. It shall be a jubilee unto you, and ye shall return every man unto his possession. And uh ye shall return every man unto his family. A jubilee shall that 50th year be unto you. Ye shall not uh sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it uh of thy vine undress, for it is the jubilee. It shall be holy unto you. Ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field in the year of jubilee. Uh ye shall return every man unto his possession. All right. The Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. Amen. in the presence of the Lord. And um as I said uh this is Jubilee year part three. And um we want to just do a a little reading uh here. And um I I I kind of I am trying my best to I'm coming out the gate ready to just fire and and I'm trying to find a a pace. Amen. Because um it's it's important that we we get some things church. We had a prophet. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And um when God sent this prophet to us, he brought he brought um a lot of um I mean he he brought a lot of light on scripture and um you know one of the things I've been trying to share um even in our Bible study I I shared how Samuel uh being a prophet of the Lord Samuel grew in his understanding. ing. Samuel grew in his uh stature. Samuel grew in his wisdom. Uh Samuel grew in all these ways. And and and and the other thing that we read there in in Bible study when we talk about Samuel is that God did not let one word that came out of Samuel's mouth while he was growing. God didn't let one word fall to the ground. Amen. This is important. So, so, so, so understand that as Samuel grew, Amen. We also we grow in our understanding. We grow in our knowledge. We grow in our wisdom. Amen. When it comes to the things of God and I have you to also understand brother Brandham grew. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now just because he was growing and he might have made one statement here in this year and then he makes another statement over here in this year and then he makes another statement over here in this year. It doesn't mean that the statement he made over there was wrong. Amen. He was simply growing and that's still a part of it. Right. So, so, so, so we can't just kind of discredit things because a person is growing. Amen. But the the key to this is being able to just kind of follow the growth. Amen. Right. And you got to be able to follow growth because what happens here, Amen. And in our messages, somebody will hear something said before 63 and then try to throw that all out. Right. Right. Then they will hear something in 63 and then forget everything he said after it. Praise God. But you got to be able to take what he said before 63. You got to be able to say take what he said in 63 and what he said after 63. And when you put all of that together, now you got a a really good picture. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. I was just sharing you know with some brothers. Brother Brandon made a statement in the church age book. He said you know um there is a a mighty a mighty initial illumination of the church ages. And then he says out of the church ages amen come the uh seals. And then out of the seals he said comes the trumpets. And then out of the trumpets he said comes the vows. And he says now he says there's a mighty initial illumination. But then he said after that light upon light will follow. That's right. So if there's going to be a mighty illumination, something's going to like wow. But then light upon light going to follow that wow. And you got to be able to catch the light upon light. That's it. All right. Amen. All right. So, um, you know, uh, I want to just, uh, kind of catch a little something here, and I'm going I'm I told you I just, let me, let me just start where I where I want to start here. Mark of the Beast. Let me just pick that up. And, and I I um, I'm just going to read a few things here. Says, uh, now at the going forth of this Jubilee year, it was to be sounded throughout all the land. A trumpet was to sound and this trumpet would make the distinction. The trumpet would make the distinction. Uh for the trumpet was the 50th year sound that led every slave that had been uh bought or become poor poor and could not care for his for his own. He had fell beneath a load and his master for his debt had brought him and placed him into a field as a slave and he had to serve him for he was too poor to redeem himself. But God said remember uh you were one-time slaves yourself and down in Egypt and and I have freed you. Therefore, at the sounding of the trumpet, every slave, no matter how long he's been in or or how short a time he's at liberty to return to his family, to return to his people, and be free of every debt. Uh for it's a time of jubilee. And I like that just, you know, uh when when that Jubilee trumpet sounds, every slave, no matter how long you've been a slave, you had you had just because the trumpet sound, you had the liberty or the freedom to leave whatever you were part of. my God. And and and this this is not just, you know, uh for for for the people of Israel that were bound in in slavery, but this is for the people of God today that's bound in slavery of sin. Amen. When you hear the Jubilee trumpet, you don't have to remain in sin. You can go free. And the Jubilee trumpet is none other than the the gospel trumpet being sounded to you. When the gospel tells you that you're free, then you're free. Amen. Bot bottom line here. He goes on. It says a even uh you wasn't to plant to plant it any any corn and ever what the field produce uh you was to live on it. You shouldn't trim your vineyard or anything. The the poor of the land was to eat of it. A very beautiful type of the millennium. Uh notice every slave when he heard that trumpet sound uh he could throw down his hoe whatever he's working with and say I am a free man. I couldn't redeem myself but God through his grace has declared a year jubilee. Therefore I believe God uh it says um it says and I don't have to work anymore and the laws of the land claimed him free. The law actually made him free. It says but what a what a beautiful type today. poor aliens. Nothing we could do. If we kept every Sabbath, every new moon, we quit eating meat. If we kept all kinds of days and and done all kinds of religious sacrifices, we are under a load. We are sold in sin. Our parents sold us out to sin in the Garden of Eden. And we are we are laden under the bonds of sin as a slave to the devil. We were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. He say there's nothing we can do to help us because our whole makeup, our whole nature and everything we are is sin. He says but what happens you know when we realize we're in that condition and we can't help ourselves. He says but when the jubilee comes that we are free and the trumpet is the gospel the good news. The trumpet was the wh what what was the gospel then? The good news you're no longer bound. You no longer have to live in sin. You can go home and be free. You don't owe any debts at all. The whole emancipation proclamation's done signed and you are free. I I I I thank God for that. You know, there was, you know, the reason that we celebrate in June, this this new holiday, Junth, uh because there was a a a bunch of people, I believe in Texas, that uh they they did not realize emancipation had been signed and they were free. They they were actually free for uh half a year and didn't know it. Half a year. They still working in bondage and and and and the law had set them free. The law had already set them free, but they had no idea that they was they were still bound. Evidently, nobody told them the good news. But once you hear the good news, praise God, everything changes at that point in time. You think different about yourself when you hear the good news. Amen. Amen. How you realize, no, I'm not a I'm not a slave. I'm not a slave no more. I'm a property owner, [Applause] I own property, right? I got a house that I can go back to. And and my there's no more mortgage on my house. There's no more mortgage on me. There's Everything changes when you hear the gospel trumpet. Amen. And our our job is to try to sound that gospel trumpet to let people know that they're free. Oh my God. God sent us a message where we didn't have to live in bondage anymore. Amen. No, this was a message of freedom, a liberation. Amen. A liberation from from church annity and denominationalism. Liberation from the world. Liberation from anything the devil tried to use to to bind us up. Brother Brandham goes on to say something here. He says, "And today," he says, "When a man hears the good news, Christ died and you're dead. Uh, nothing that you can do about it. Christ paid the price. The gospel sound," and I love this. I love You can drop every cigarette. And I mentioned this to you in the past, but I never got a chance to read it, so I wanted to take time to read it today. You can drop every cigarette. Yeah, cigarette is sin. Yes, it is. God don't want you. And oh, Lord have mercy. I think I mentioned this before. I'll mention it again. There's a big problem with vaping nowadays. That's included in this. You can drop your vapor. Yes, sir. Praise God. You ain't got to vape no more. Amen. Amen. They say they got more young people vaping nowadays than ever. And don't realize they they still destroying themselves. The devil trying to kill you at a very young age. But when you hear the Jubilee trumpet sound, you don't have to go back to vaping anymore. Amen. Right. Say to God, you can drop every cigarette, every chew tobacco. My Lord. Amen. Amen. Right. He says, "Every whiskey bottle, everything that's binding you and say, "I am free." Praise God. This is the good news. Christ has made me free. You're free people. You don't have to go any longer. You don't have to serve the devil any longer. You can be free if you desire to be free. And that's critical there. If you desire this freedom, you can have this freedom. All right. He says, "Now if you don't," he said, "you don't have to drink. You don't have to run around, you don't have to mistreat your wife." Now, even in a jubilee, amen, your household can go free. Praise God. Because of the way you treating your wife or maybe the way the wife treating the husband, praise the Lord. But, Brother Brand, I'm saying that you believe both of y'all can go free. Oh, hallelujah. Now, I'm going tell you something. Amen. And in order to go free, you're going to have to be able to forgive somebody. You got to be able to drop some alts. You have to let some of that stuff go. If you want to go free, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right. He says, you don't have to mistreat. You don't have to mistreat your wife. You don't have to curse. All right. You can go free in the Jubilee. You can stop your cursing. Amen. You don't have to lie. Glory to God. Tell the truth and shame the devil. That you don't have to steal. You don't have to be weary when you come to a jubilee. Praise God. Says, "Wow, you got resources up yonder that's never been tapped of the bountiful blessings of God that the world knows nothing about. All this is yours at the Jubilee." Praise God. Amen. I think um you know I'm going to stop at the reading there, but um if you'll scroll back up to I think um I I put you I said scroll back up to paragraph 56. Just get that one ready for me. Uh just remember a jubilee and a jubilee uh anytime there's a jubilee was God's manner of expressing grace to his people. And uh when God's grace is coming to you, he realized there's nothing you can do about it. You done got yourself in a fix. and and and and I use the example of Sarah and Abraham when Sarah went down there to Beimilec and Abraham uh and her came up with that lie. You can stop your lying in the Jubilee, right? But uh but they came up with lie said, "Tell them you are my sister." And when it went down there, they got into a fix. Uh Abraham told this man, "Yeah, she my sister." And she validated, "Yeah, that's my brother." And oh, well, if y'all brother and sister, then great. I got myself a new wife. And the man takes Sarah right on down to his house. Now, the scripture don't tell us how long she was in that man's house. Now, I can tell you this much. She was in there long enough for every womb to close. Yes, sir. Every womb was closed because nobody could have kids while Sarah was there. And if they wanted the wombs open, they had to release Sarah. Hallelujah. So, so we don't really know how long she was there, but she she had to be there for a little little longer than overnight. Now, now you can imagine what Abraham is going through every day that he's like, I just gave my wife away. I cannot believe what I just did. I mean, the man was in a helpless situation. That's right. Yes. God told him. He said he he was never even supposed to leave where he was at, but he ends up in this helpless situation because of this lie he came up with. Now, sometimes we find ourselves in helpless situations. And this is why we need the grace of God to come and give us a jubilee. God, I don't know how I got into this mess. God, I don't know what happened to me. How how did I make a decision like this? Look at me. Amen. God, I need a jubilee. Amen. And the and the beautiful part is that he he he provides it for us. Amen. He provides it. A jubilee is God's manner of expressing grace to his people for restoring all he brought back uh to their rightful position. A jubilee was amentor. And the other thing that we we we read there in the scripture, every seven years they were also supposed to leave their land unsewn. and um and and what's what's going on because a Jubilee is a restoration. So now now most people read Leviticus 25 and they'd only go down there to verse 9 or 10 and and they said when we talk about that 50 year we talk about the Jubilee and yes I I I agree with you 100%. But a prophet also helps us to see that that that every seven years something was happening. There was a release happening even the land itself was going through a restoration process and a jubilee is a restoration. Amen. Hallelujah. If they would obey the word of God and not plant anything in that seventh year and g let the land rest, God told them, "If you obey me in the sixth year, I'm going to cause I love this. Give me a Leviticus 25 and 21." Uh but but in in the sixth year, if you would obey, Amen. this, then I'm going to cause your your land to Amen. to to actually increase. And in that sixth year, you're going to get enough in the sixth year to last you for three years. The sixth year was a year of overflow. Yes, sir. Look at this in in in Leviticus 25 and and uh and and 21. It says, "Then I will command my blessings upon you in the sixth year, and it shall bring forth fruit for three years." Now, here's the other thing I I want I want to just mention there. This is a commandment. Hallelujah. Right. You get that? Let me put it this way. If a blessing didn't want to come your way, come on. [Music] I ain't going nowhere. I ain't If a God God say I will command. Yes, Lord. Which mean I'mma make that blessing. Oh my. And it's not just it's not just it's not just a blessing, right? This is this this is enough. Amen. To satisfy you for 3 years. This is this is a huge blessing. This is what we call a overflow blessing. My God. My God. My God. I will command it. Amen. I'll command my blessing upon you in the sixth year and it shall bring forth fruit for three years. All right. So we realize if we follow the word of God then there are blessings. Amen. That are attached to our obedience. Amen. Hallelujah. Want to slip into something here. Amen. For a little bit. Now, I'm going back to that paragraph 56 out of the same sermon, the mark of the beast. Um, brother Brandham says, I think I got this notice in the Old Testament. That's where I'm starting at. It might be above. It's notice in the Old Testament. It says the Bible said that there was to be a 50th year jubilee and that was seven times seven years. It says and in the 49th year that it was to be made ready. Uh and the 50th year was the jubilee. 50 means jubilee. It was 50 is God's jubilee number. The word Pentecost means 50. So uh uh 50 is Jubilee and the word Pentecost means 50. Now we're going to get to talking about that feast of Pentecost again. Um uh we talked about that before, but we're going to kind of go back into that again today. It says 50 is God's Jubilee number. The word Pentecost means 50. It was the outpouring of the Holy Spirit at the end of the 50 days. It was also the end of the 50th year. It was also the end of the 50th year. Now he goes on to say this says Jesus come to foreshadow or forewarn rather people of the coming year of Jubilee. He went into the synagogue at Capernaum and sat down and taken uh the scripture and turned it over to Isaiah 61:1 and read the scripture. And I I just want to catch this. said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me, uh, for he hath anointed me to preach the acceptable year of the Lord, to set uh, the captives at liberty and to give sight to the blind." And when he got through reading, he sat down and hand the scripture back to the priests. And he said, "This day the scriptures fulfilled in your ears and eyes." He says, "You see it?" And I like this statement. It says, "For he was giving forth the warning of the coming forth of the great gusher of Pentecost." Just put that in. Great gusher of Pentecost. Uh he was giving forth the warning, amen, of the coming forth of the great gusher of Pentecost. Amen. Now, watch this statement. He says to He says, "To set at liberty everyone that was slaves to sin and bound." Now, now when brother Random says that he's given forth uh this warning of the great gusher of Pentecost, when I see that, I see overflow. Right. Now, I want to I want to just just hit that just for a little bit. I I thank God for the overflow in the natural realm. I thank God that people getting raises, Amen. and and and opportunities that they they never even imagined. and and God is blessing with with homes and God is blessing with cars and and God is blessing in all these natural amen ways. I thank God for that. But let me tell you something. Amen. When that rapture take place, you won't be taking your car. You won't be taking your home. And and your job going to find somebody else to work there. Praise God. Amen. Those things take care of you while you here on earth. But we are we are heavenly bound creatures. So we thank God for all the earthly blessings. But brother, don't you forget. And sister, don't you forget about these spiritual blessings that we are desperately in need of. And if God blesses you in the natural, you ought to be praying, God, amen, I need this to balance out on the spiritual side. You didn't give me a new job to take me out of church. The devil is still a liar. No, God don't bless like that. That's that's not what we talking about. So, so we're looking for just like we getting this great gushure of earthly blessings, let there also be a great gusher of Pentecost, an overflow of Pentecost. Amen. God let it be right here at Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. It says he was given a warning of the coming forth of the great gush of Pentecost to set at liberty everyone that was slaves to sin. That's right. and bow. Now, now, now just think about this statement. The great gusher of Pentecost is to do what? To set at liberty. That's right. Everyone that was slaves to sin and bound. You realize that sometimes you get yourself in such a fix that only the Holy Ghost can get you out of it. Amen. No man can get you out of it. No woman can get you out. The pastor can't. But the Holy, let me let me let me let me say it this way. The Holy Ghost will not only get you out, but the Holy Ghost will keep you out. Hallelujah. Yes, he will. We need a gusher of Pentecost. Exactly right, brother. Father, don't let that go by us. We We want to be desperate for a gusher of Pent. The same way you pay praying for natural blessings, you ought to be praying for spiritual blessings. God, let the Holy Ghost come in just take over the service. Hallelujah. We We want to walk out like drunk men and drunk women staggering underneath the power of God. Lord, you promised it. You said in the last days, I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters will I mean, say you you going to do something great in this place. Hallelujah. They'll prophesy. They'll dream dreams. I still see visions. The these are the things we want to see. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The spiritual part of a gush of Pentecost. I'm talking about our young people having an experience with God. God will shake them in a dream. They wake up telling, "Mom, I don't want to wear that no more, and I don't want to do this no more. And I and I what what happened to you?" I had a dream. I missed the rapture. Oh yeah. And then it's going from house to house, dreams everywhere. People want to get their life right with God. Lord, it's a gusher of Pentecost. All right. All right. All right. So, this is the overflow and the spiritual that we're under expectation for. Now, I'm going to make a a turn here. Amen. and and I'm going to a a sermon um titled the feast of the trumpets. This is a very important sermon that brother Brandon preaches. And um the reason that this sermon is important is because now now now first of all you know and and everybody would say this. Uh brother Brandham said um I think there was like two really really inspired um sermons that he he he you know he felt that he gave. One was uh the token uh he felt that that was a very inspired sermon and a very important sermon for people to realize and yes and I agree. And then the other one was when he preached the seals. You know, this this was this was very inspired, supernatural. Supernatural. I mean, the angels of the Lord uh met him in Tucson, Arizona. Uh sent him back east from Tucson to um Jeffersonville and gave him supernatural instruction every day on which how to preach the seal. He had preached it before. Had to come back and and said, "No, that ain't the right thing. The angel showed me it this way. It's this way. It's this way. It's this way." Now, now please please try to try to understand this. When a angel is bringing to you the revelation of the word of God, a angel now, not not not not me up here preaching, trying to bring re an angel from God shows up in your room and says, "No, this scripture, this scripture, this scripture." Now, now just just understand this. That type of presence is so great you cannot even capture it all in that moment. Amen. So it it it takes light upon light following that. Please try to understand this right because there are things that people would go back to the seals and and yes that's the mighty initial illumination. Right. Right. Yes. That's it. And everything he said that was right, but the light upon light that follows it. That's what we got to watch. Right. So, so, so here in in feast of the trumpets, it's a light upon light that follow what was spoken in the six in the seven seals. Now, I I don't have time to read all of this and we can I mean, it would take us weeks to go over just just listening to the seals and getting that. It would take weeks, but just just bear with me. So, here, brother Random makes a statement, and we're going to uh just comb through this just a little bit. Feast of the trumpet. He says, "See, the atonement followed." Watch now. The atonement followed the trumpet sound. Uhhuh. Amen. See how beautiful the atonement day followed the trumpet. Now, the 50 days of trumpets. Now when he's using 50 days, you know that that's talking about a jubilee. 50 days of the trumpets for us symbolized when the trumpet sounded at Pentecost. Say which was 50 days. Now after this, the Jews rejected that. It says now now so so so uh even there in um in Jesus day when he's talking about the Jews rejected um in Jesus day it was the Jews that put Jesus on the cross. It was the Jews that caused him uh to be uh uh killed in a very cruel manner. They they elected to have um Jesus Barabbus rather than Jesus the Christ. That was the Jews choice. And then they made this comment, let his blood be on us and on our children. And do you know brother Brandham told us that that was fulfilled. Amen. Under Hitler Ikeman sir Stalin when they when they cried out let his blood be on us that was fulfilled under Hitman uh uh uh Ikeman Hitler and Stalin's I mean they it was fulfilled that time. So what we're showing is that there's some past tense things that happened and people still waiting on some future tense events. Oh Lord. Oh my, we crossing over into something now. There's people waiting for something to happen in the future. Don't realize it's already passed. And and I and I'm not just saying that. I'm going to read to you where brother Brandham said that these things happen at the same time. Right. That's right. I'mma read to you. Say the sixth seal which is to the Jews and the sixth trumpet sounds at the same time. And then he also said the six trumpets sounded under Hitler Stalin Ikeman past tense. So there. So we're looking we're looking at this scripture and because we can't figure it out with our own minds. Well, I'm not talking about your mind figuring this out. Sometimes you just have to say amen to a prophet. That's right. Hallelujah. Oh my. I told you I see. You know, when Jesus walked into the temple that day and and he picked up the book and they gave him Isaiah and he read it and he sat down, Brother Ram said that was the greatest anointing upon anybody because he knew where he was. Amen. Come on. And when you know where you are, brothers, you under a great anointing. It might not be an anointing to make people shout and jump and run around the building, but my God, it will settle them. Amen. Let me keep reading please. It says now the trumpets. Now, now watch this. Now it says first the 50 days of the trumpets for us symbolized when the trumpet sounded at Pentecost which was 50 days. Now after this the Jews rejected that. So the Jews rejected him in that time. Not not only and did they take him to the cross but when Paul comes along uh Paul Paul makes a statement. He says now I'm coming here and I'm preaching and and the Jews just won't won't accept anything that I'm preaching. So Paul turned around and says, "Well, we are turning to the Gentiles because the Gentiles wanted the word." The Jews didn't want it. The Gentiles want it. And the ages began at that point. That's why we got seven church ages because Paul being the first messenger, he said, "I'm turning to the Gentiles." And you know that the Gentiles been receiving the word for this whatever time period brother Brandham calls this time period, right? that it he he calls it the uh Pentecostal feast, right? Oh my. All right. So, this is where we are now. Watch. But now, and we'll read this in scripture in a second. After the Pentecostal feast, after all of that, then there is a a time of atonement, which it goes back to the Jews, right? All right. And that that's where uh oh, let me just pause by saying this. Um church, signs are all around us. The coming of the Lord is on us. You all heard this week that a pope passed. And uh your our prophet told us a few things. Uh there's a couple things that he said, right? And many of them have been fulfilled. One of them he told us that there would be a woman president or vice president or it would be the Catholic Church. Okay. Now, the other thing that he told us is that there would be a pope rise up from America. And you know who's in charge right now of everything with this current situation with the Pope passing, the guy that has to go in and and research and make sure what's the cause of death and all that, it's a man from America. Hallelujah. There's articles all over the place about will there be a pope that comes out of America. There's articles all over. You can read it all over the internet. Y'all watch this because a prophet already told us these things were going to happen. Now, now now look, if if a pope comes from America now, first of all, Lord, I ain't got time for all this. Uh, Revelation 13, it speaks of the US and how she will she would give her power or encourage everybody to give it power to the beast. We living in the fulfillment of all of this right now. And let me tell you, things are going to happen so fast, you won't have time to catch up. Oh, I can't wait to get to church. Maybe brother Jack said, "No, no. You better be listening to this message yourself at home and you better stay in contact with God because things are going to happen real quick." That's right, brother. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want to tell you something else that's going to happen quick. We're going to be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. You better be ready for it. Amen. Hallelujah. We got time to be fighting with makeup and and and and cutting hair and not cutting hair and come on, earrings and pants and uh what are we talking about? We we we should be way beyond that now. Amen. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. I tell you what, if you got a gush of the Holy Ghost, you wouldn't have to worry about that no more. You have something on the inside that cause you to love God more than you love those things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I I want to see people make it. See, I'm going to tell you, brother Brandham even told a lady, he say he say uh the sister come uh I don't know was no I don't know if it's a vision or what, but I think it was a vision and the lady has some high heels on in the vision. He say, "Sister, you ain't going to make it like that." Right? He said, "Don't tell me I can make it whatever way I want to." And say they got they got so close to she thought she was going to cross over and she fell off. Right. Right. into abyss. Now, the prophet already told us how to conduct ourselves. Follow the word of God. We don't have time to be fighting in this area anymore. If you want that, you can have it. They going to have the same thing in hell. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. But I'm talking about people that want to go to heaven. People that want to live right and want to make it out of here, you're going to have to come God's way. Amen. Amen. That's bottom line, church. Amen. Now let please listen and let me let me try to get to this. It says the trumpets is to call them back to that atonement. See the atonement they rejected and they rejected so our eyes could be open. Theirs was closed. He's talking about the Jews now. Their eyes were closed so that we could receive truth. And this is where we are. We're we're in a day where we're receiving the truth. All right. It says now it says and during this time and during this time the seven seals open up and the trumpets blowed. And now in the blowing of the trumpets just before the Messiah comes cuz they got to be in Palestine. What? Hello. They got to be in Palestine. Look, it's not going to be the rapture going to happen and then some big thing going to bring them to Palestine. No, they've already been moving to Palestine. Even in brother Brandham's day, he said he said that the he said he read an article where the Jews said that they prophets told him they was going to go back home on the wings of an eagle. And when they got on an airplane, that was the fulfillment of their prophecy. They've already been moving back to Palestine. Why are they in Palestine? Because God cannot deal with the Jews outside of being there in Palestine. Amen. So he had to already start moving them back. How did he do it? Through Ikeman, through Stalin, through Hitler. And these things were happening while God was also speaking through a prophet to the Gentiles. Things happening simultaneously at the same time. And we got our charts and our charts. So these things ain't going to happen till after the rapture. But brother Brandham said these things have already been happening. That's right. So when brother Brandham's quotes go against your chart, right? Which one do we go with? I know which one I'm going with. Right. I ain't going nobody chart. I'm going with what the prophet said. Amen. A vindicated prophet. That's it. That's the truth. Hallelujah. Let me keep on. They got to be in Palestine. And you remember God had to harden Pharaoh's heart to run them out of Egypt. Look at this. and he hardened past tense Stalin Mussolini and all that to get them back into the promised land where the 144,000 is supposed to be. Yes, sir. All right. Now, first time for a thousand years, 2500 years that Israel is a nation with his own flag, own army and all that. It it considered it in the UN first time the the oldest flag that ever flew on the earth this time flies again. Five six point star David. He said uh he uh lift the end sign in uh in this last days and and when she come when she'd be coming back, we're at the end. There's just no doubt about it. We're here. Now he goes on. Let me just finish reading these the just these two more paragraphs here then I'll slip into a scripture. And now he says now notice now re quickly Revelation 9 under the seventh trumpet their king is from the bottomless pit. Now brother Brandham when he refers to Revelation 9 this is a portion of the trumpets. All right? Because Revelation 9 um uh speaks of um uh I can't remember which trumpets. I know fifth and sixth trumpet are found in that Revelation 9. All right. Now, there's a couple statements that I want to make about the trumpets when when brother Bam when he's referring to Revelation 9. First of all, he says that all the trumpets sound underneath the sixth seal. Another statement that he makes is that uh all the trumpets go off at once. It's another statement that he makes. Now, here's the problem. Here's the thing. When he says that all of them go off at once, what people are looking at, they're looking for one to sound and then another one to sound and they're trying to track it with history to see where it might have sounded. Brother Brandham say it all went off at once. And when it goes off at once, you ain't going to be able to really track too much. But but but here's the other beautiful thing that he says. The sixth trumpet. The sixth trumpet. It says it sounded already underneath Hitler Stalin. Ikeman already sounded. This is past tense. This is things that the kids are learning in in school. Hitler Ikeman Stalin is already it was an attack on the Jews. Yes, sir. And it was a purposeful attack because it drove the Jews back into their homeland. And that's the only place that they can receive their two witnesses. They have to already be there. Not going there. They have to be there. Oh my. All right. Look at this now. Says, "Now notice quickly Revelation 9 under the trumpet their king is from the bottomless pits. Then in Leviticus, now how perfect interpretation is here with the word because see immediately following the Pentecostal Jubilee. Immediately following the Pentecostal Jubilee followed the day of atonement. It says the order of the feast time between the Pentecostal feast to the atonement the sound of the trumpets for the atonement was the Pentecostal feast the long period of time. Look there was a long period of time between the Pentecostal feast to the calling of the trump. Now there's a long period of time. That means all these church ages have passed. That's it's seven church ages. That's the long period of time that has passed before the Jews are called back. Now, the Jews won't be called, I mean, fully called back until the bride is taken out. God has already been preparing them, but they're not fully they don't fully got it all together. But when a bride is taken, they will they will receive two witnesses and they'll have it all together at that point in time. Three and a half year ministry, that's all that's left. We got to get ready to get out of here. We are the ones holding this up. It's the truth. Let me just go on now. I'm I'm I'm I'm giving you uh these these highlevel terms, but it's very important because it's all in the scripture. We're going to read Leviticus in a second. Let me just try to get get this. It says a long period of time. Look, there was a long period of time between the Pentecostal feast to the calling of the trump, the sounding of the trumpets, the trumpets to be sound. A long period of time. Frankly, it was 50 days. From the feast of Pentecost to the feast of atonement was 50 days. Now, 50 days is exactly seven Sabbaths. Now, he says there's a long periods of time before that that sounding of the trumpet. Now, let me just inject another trump that's supposed to sound. Jesus tells us in Thessalonians 4, the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a shout. That's right. a voice and the trump of God. Now, I want you to understand something. I got a quote to prove it, but just in case I don't get a chance to get there. The shout, see, this is that that that shout, that voice of Trump is actually three parts of the rapture. Yes, sir. H and you realize we are currently living in the rapture now. Yes, sir. Because the shout is the message that I'm quoting to you, the message that I'm reading to you. That is the shout that's going forth. And Jesus himself is the one that sent this message. Brother Brandham was a star in the hand of Jesus. So Jesus sent this message to his people to get them ready for a translation. This this what I am sharing with you is shout. Amen. Hallelujah. There's a voice that calls the dead out of the grave, right? And and those that died in Christ, there's the same voice that called Lazarus out of the grace calls them out of the grave. Now remember, brother Brandham told us because the power and the anointing that was on Jesus, had he not called Lazarus by name, then everything would have come out the grave. And let me tell you something. When when when when when when when when when when the dead in Christ arrived, it's only the dead in Christ. That's right. Everything else ain't going to rise. Only the dead in Christ. The same way Lazarus came individually, the dead in Christ will come individually. But there's a third part to this. There's a trump. Now the beautiful part about this if we can catch how God is working with the Jews and with the Gentiles at the same time simultaneously he's preparing the Jews by moving them back through Hitlin Hitler Stalin and even the war today moving them back moving them back moving they get uncomfortable where they are and they go back to where where they come from. Oh, hallelujah. God is moving that. God is doing that. Now, that trump in the shout voice trump, Brother Brandham said that's a call to the feast. Wow. Well, which feast? The Jews are called to the feast of the trumpets. We're going to read in a second. But the bride is called to the feast of the lamb. Amen. The trump that calls the Jews to their feast of atonement is the same trump that's calling us out. It is happening simultaneously. Amen. Amen. Y'all just let me get it out of my spirit. Amen. Jesus. All right. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me read let me keep reading. All right. Where what paragraph? All right. In seven Sabbaths in the seven church years church ages. Get get it. See now the Jews has been blinded waiting all this time while the Pentecostal first fruits has been poured out upon the church. And we've come down through the martyr ages and down through the reformer ages and now now in the calling out age three three sections same spirit like father son and the holy ghost same one but uh see but seven church ages being seven sabbaths exactly seven sabbaths from the pentecostal jubilee trumpet a pentecostal jubilee feast the waving of the sheath and then the pentecostal jubilee and then from the jubilee to the atonement is seven sabbaths 50 days and at the end of the 50 days uh is the atonement. The atonement is made. You get it now and now and this has been a type uh that the church now brother Random just to inject here is referring back to Leviticus 25. Okay, I'm sorry. Leviticus 23 uh at this junction. Now um I could take the time and read this for you. Leviticus 23. There there's so much there, but let me just I'll try to give you the the the summary points. You can go back and read it yourself. All right. First, there are seven feasts that we have, and we've talked about this uh before. The first feast is actually the feast of Passover. And that you'll find that Leviticus 25 23 and 5. The feast of Passover. All right. And then the next feast that God gave them in Leviticus 23 was the feast of unleavened bread. And uh and that would happen during the March to April time frame. Uh you find that in Leviticus 23:6. Now just a few key points about that feast of unleavened bread. The feast of unleaven bread. This feast actually began on the evening of Passover and lasted for seven days. Okay? And uh and notice now it's the feast of unleavened bread and leavenan is a type of sin. Hallelujah. Right? And that's why we got to keep sin out of the church because a little levan leaventh the whole lump. Praise God. And so so when it's the feast of unleavened bread, it's actually typing Christ. And it was offered during Passover time. Do you know Jesus was offered during Passover time? That's right. It was a It was a Passover. At the time that Jesus was being offered, he was the Passover. He was the lamb that was slain for for for the for the for for the sins of the world. Jesus Christ was that lamb. So, he was offered at Passover time. Hallelujah. That's why they say between March and April, we we got it. Brother Brandham told us Jesus was born in the springtime. And you know what else? He died in the springtime. And you know what else? He rose in the springtime because that's when life comes forth. Amen. Notice Jesus Jesus is the only one that is unleavened. Amen. And uh uh we we we were born in sin, shaped iniquity, came into the world speaking lies. We got all kind of leaven inside of us. Hallelujah. We can't help ourselves sometime. But but but Jesus was the one that was uh considered the un he was he was he he's he's the unleavened bread. That's that's what it is. Now uh just a couple scriptures just to kind of uh prove this. Uh 1 Peter chapter 2 24-2. I love this. 1 Peter chapter 2 24-2. Oh Lord says who his own self bear our sins in his own body on the tree that we being dead to sin should live unto unrighteous by whose stripes ye were healed for ye were as sheep going astray but are now returned unto the shepherd and bishop of your souls. Another verse here in Colossians chapter 2 verse 13 and 14. Uh it says this. And you being dead in your sins. You got all kind of lev in you, right? You being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh hath he quickened together with him having forgiven you all trespasses. That mean you done had a jubilee. Oh my. having forgiven you all trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us which was contrary to us and took it took it out of the way nailing it to his cross. Thank God for this jubilee. Now so we have the first two feast of Passover then we have the feast of unleaven bread. The next feast, Amen. the third one is uh what we call the feast of first fruits which typically happens in April. We find that in Leviticus 23:10-14. And one of the things that was supposed to happen with the the feast of first fruits is that the first thing that came to maturity in in your wheat field, you would bring that and wave a sheath before the Lord on the day after the Sabbath. The sheath was waved on the day after the Sabbath. The feast of first fruits required a sheath to be waved on the day after the Sabbath. Do you realize Jesus rose on the day after the Sabbath? That's right. Amen. Right. He truly is this first fruit. Oh my my my my my my. But when when you're waving that first fruit, it shows that there's other fruit that are going to come to maturity. Amen. There's going to be some other ones that's going to raise as well, just as Jesus rose. Yes, sir. Woo. Hallelujah. Now, here's the other thing that we get after the feast of first fruits. After the feast of first fruits, the next feast, you have to actually count seven Sabbaths before the next feast would actually start. And this would be called the feast of weeks or the feast of Pentecost, which is where brother Brandham has placed us. Amen. And uh this you'll find in Leviticus 23:15-22. uh it occurred seven chapters seven Sabbaths after the first after uh the feast of first fruit. So now if it occurs seven Sabbaths after then that means that's also a jubilee. All right. And what happens in the jubilee in this feast of weeks or feast of Pentecost then we take two loaves. It goes from a sheath to now it's two loaves but they're baked with leaven which represents us. Let me go a little further with getting to the feast of the trumpets. This is what comes after the feast of uh Pentecost, the feast of trumpets. This is where Israel is called back. Amen. And what calls them back is they're getting prepared for the atonement where they recognize who Jesus is. Amen. This is found Leviticus 23 verse 23-2. And then the f the line the next one is the day of atonement which is found in Leviticus 23:26 through32. And then the feast of tabernacles is found in that's the seventh feast. Leviticus 23:34-44. Now I'm going forward in this uh sermon the the the feast of trumpets. Brother Brandham makes a couple more statements. I just want to bring this in. Amen. And as he's talking about this glory, he says he when he was revealed himself as son of God has been revealing to the church in the baptism of the Holy Ghost down through the ages, the Pentecostal age. See, just keep getting more and more justification on the Luther sanctification on the Wesley, baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, here is the calling out time at the sixth seal when it's open. The persecution struck the Jews at the sixth seal when it's open. at the sixth seal when it's open. Now, there's some people waiting for the sixth seal to open. But the prophet just told us at the six. Remember I told you he says this in feast of the trumpets which comes after the seals. This is light upon light. The sixth seal when it's opened, the persecution struck. Now wait, wait, wait, wait. Not the persecution will strike. No, past tense. The persecution struck the Jews. All right. In the literal standpoint, and here comes the persecution to the church in the ecclesiastical standpoint because the bride is already called. The persecution struck the Jews, but there's going to be a persecution that's going to strike the church. That's where uh the foolish virgin will be purged during that sixth seal. Oh, Lord have mercy. I I I I I I I I feel it, church. I feel it. But you know what I told y'all? I have a responsibility. I have to tear up this ground. I got to sew some seed. Hallelujah. And you know when you tearing up ground and sewing seed, it ain't a fun process. It ain't a fun process. But we got to get rocks out. We got to get dirt out. We got to get false teaching out. Amen. We got to get all that out in order to get the right seed planted in the ground for the people. Right. Amen. Amen. And and and if it don't make sense when you go back and listen to Feast of the Trumpets and then you put this sermon with Feast of the Trumpets and then you go back and listen to the seals, all of it will start coming together. It'll be illumination after illumination after illumination. Praise God. All right, I'm I give me 20 minutes. That's what my timer will say, right? 20 minutes and I and I'll be out of here. Okay. And so, so he says, "Now, here is a calling out time at the sixth seal when it opened. The persecution struck the Jews in the literal standpoint. And here comes the persecution to the church in ecclesiastical standpoint because the bride is already called. The Sabbaths are over and ready for the Jews to be called." Where to? Where are the Jews going to be called? To the feast of atonement. He says, "Oh church, don't you see it? Called to the feast of atonement." Why? To recognize the atonement. Not no more chickens and geese and what and what they've been doing. The lamb of God slain from the foundation of the world. Israel is going to know that. Now, now, um allow me just to read one out of Leviticus 23. This is where he's referring to uh first is the feast of trumpets that actually leads them to the day of atonement. So let's let's read uh Leviticus 23:23-2. This is what he's referring to. Okay. Glory to God. It says, "And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel, saying, in the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall you have a Sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets." Of blowing of trumpets. So remember in the in the Jubilee year when a trumpet is blown, it actually signifies that there's freedom coming to those that's been in bondage. Oh my. When this blowing of trumpets happens for the Jews, they have been blinded for our sake for all these years. But a jubilee is about to happen. Amen. For the Jews where they're going to recognize who Christ is. Amen. I'm going to tell you nothing another. I'm going to tell you something else that they going to recognize. Moses and Elijah will preach the same message that you've been hearing. Amen. Amen. The same message that we refuse to listen to, the Jews are going to hear it. You you know, look, they they they they actually wanted to hear it years ago. They were they were trying to get brother Brandham take this take this into Israel. they will believe. And brother Random had a ticket on his way to Israel. And before he got on the plane, the Holy Spirit had said, "No, pull them to the side." He said, "No." Said, "No, don't go there. Don't go to Israel." What you mean, Lord? Lord, they they they ready to receive the word. Said, "It's not time for them yet to receive the word. And really, that ain't your job. So, you need to get a ticket and go somewhere else." Brother Brandham could not break God's word as a prophet. Had he gone there to Israel, I don't know what would have happened, it would have just disrupted everything. But God had to block his prophet from going to Israel. They were ready to receive it way back then. All right. You know, the the Jews have a I think I I can't remember which holiday it is, but whatever the holiday is that they celebrate, they leave an empty chair at their table uh while they're while they're preparing their meal, they leave an empty chair at the table, and the chair stays empty. Every every Jewish person that's that's celebrating holiday holiday, they leave the empty chair and the chair is there for Elijah to come and join them in a meal. The Jews are actually looking for Elijah. And guess what? They're gonna get Moses and Elijah. Amen. All right. Here, uh, verse I want to just take this. I got What verse did I stop at? 24. Okay. Speaking to the children of Israel, saying, "In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall you have a Sabbath, a memorial, a blowing of trumpets, and a holy convocation. Ye should do no silver silver our work therein. But you should offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord. So after um this uh the feast of Pentecost, then the feast or the the the the feast of trumpets is next. And the feast of trumpets is a calling of Israel to bring them back to their homeland so that they could actually get ready for the atonement. Now look, so I can just try to come out of this that feast of atonement that calling them back into their homeland. It's already been happening. It's already been happening. I'm going to read again from the feast of the trumpets. I I think I might have this. Um I don't think I've given you this one. So, if you could just type this in. Remember, all trumpets sound on the sixth seal. That should be paragraph 246 in Feast of the Trumpets. I'm at 14 minutes, y'all. Just bear with me. All right. So, this paragraph 246, I believe, is where I'm at. And it this Pentecost feast finishes at the period of the seventh trumpet. It says, "For the next is the coming, the seventh seal. For the next is the mystery of the coming of Christ." It says, "And also the trumpet is sound for the Jews." Now he say also the trumpet is sound for the Jews. Their sixth trumpet is sound and when it does it make no known to them the revealed son of God 1/ half hour of space. Remember all trumpets sound on the sixth seal. The sixth seal finishes the mystery under the sixth seal just before the seventh seal is open. Let's go on. It says, "Now notice, notice here in Leviticus 23:26, it says, "How in order is the scripture after the long period of Pentecost, we just read it. After the long period of Pentecost, which Israel did reject back back there, and he called the Gentile church out through this Pentecostal feast, that's where we were called out. That's where we are right now." How many understand what the Pentecostal feast is? He says, "First fruits of the harvest, the first fruits of the resurrection, the Pentecostal feast." Don't miss this people. So if the prophets say don't miss this, it's important for me to share this. Don't miss this people. And you on tape listen close. This this this has been the time of the Pentecostal feast. The Jews has laid silent. They rejected it. Now they're now they're going to be called back to the atonement. So it's getting ready to turn to the Jews. And before it turns to the Jews, we Gentiles got to get out of the way in form of the rapture. You want to make sure your life is lined up. Says we know who the atonement was. They didn't. It says, "And the trumpet sound and the Pentecostal Jubilee calls the Jews together." Can't you see how that trumpet of of of Can't you see how that trumpet of persecution under Hitler and them blasted? Brother Brandham say the trumpet blasted when under Hitler. So is this a future thing we waiting on or or did a prophet tell us something else? No. Can I tell you something? The mystery is history. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Can't you see? Yes, sir. How that trumpet of persecution under Hitling them blasted and remember I'm reading from feast of the trumpets which comes after the church ages I mean after the seals light upon light following. This is where we are. Light upon light. and and everybody built their charts on the seals and they stopped there and stopped going for life. That's why you can't put periods on anything. The prophet told us this. He said, "Put a come on everything." Look at this. It says, "Can't you see how that trumpet of persecution under Hitler and them blasted and the Jews was forced to come together to fulfill the scriptures?" Now you got it. And watch this. He say, "All that got it, say, "Amen." Amen. And some of y'all ain't even say nothing. The prophet said, "All that got it, say amen." And you know what you what you know what your amen is saying? Lord, if I don't got it, you're going to bring it to me. That's right. I agree anyway. Oh, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord. And and don't don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to do something to, you know, just, you know, try to be all above your mind and above your head. I'm not doing that. These are these are some of the deeper things in the message, but they have to be spoken on. No, this is more than just you getting a blessing. This is you understanding your your your your spiritual place. Yes, sir. Somebody else start and and when you go read Leviticus, you can see what this is all talking about. Brother Brandon went back to it. It's very critical. Yes, sir. Critical. Listen, it says now you got it all. All this got to say, amen. Congregation says, "Amen." Good. All right. Now he says this, they say, "Oh my, did we actually miss seeing him?" Was that the atonement and we missed it, oh God? And they said they just separate themselves and mourn for days. That's what the feast of atonement is all about is when they separate. And this is where the full tribulation period and but but underneath that tribulation period, the Jews are being called back into fellowship with Christ. The church has rejected the word. So the the church is going through tribulation but the bride is already in a rapture. Yes sir. All right. Watch it now. It says they just separate themselves and mourn for days. What is it? The atonement sadness. This time the coming of the of the making known atonement is not the regular atonement being killed like in Leviticus 16. But Leviticus 23 and is a morning time of their sins and their sins they rejected it. Now he goes on. He says, "Oh, don't you see where we're at? Don't you see why them trumpets mean why them trumpets mean nothing to us? This is a critical point. Another statement because when people read the trumpets in the Bible, they are looking for those trumpets especially I want to say the fifth trumpet there's like this this great interruption that happens and earth something this great thing that happened to the earth and everybody looking for that to happen for the Gentiles. No, the trumpets don't mean nothing to the Gentiles. Amen. You can't look in Gentile history for that. You have to look in Jewish history. And I'm I'mma give you another thing. If Brother Brandham didn't really bring out nothing about that happening, it don't pertain to us. And there's no need to go looking at that. But what he did bring was that that sixth trumpet sounded at the same time that the six seal happened. That's what he did bring us. We got that much. And if the sixth trumpet done sounded, it's very clear to me that the other five before that also sounded where he didn't tell us. But he did tell me where the sixth one was. I got that much. That's all I need. Amen. All right. Here. Don't you see why them trumpets mean nothing to us? They all sounded under our sixth seal. You see now why the Holy Spirit wouldn't let me speak it. And the Heavenly Father knows with a with his Bible before me. That's the truth. Didn't know till didn't know didn't know it till yesterday. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait. You ain't You ain't find this out till yesterday. Light upon light. Didn't know it until yesterday. Day before yesterday in my room there where he revealed it. come to me and spoke to me. Now, now wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Didn't an angel come to him to speak to him the seals? Well, here's an angel also speaking to him about the feast of the trumpets. Same angel, but the angel can only give you so much at one time. Like, like today, I can only feed you so much now. But you know what? We're going to have a nice little foundation here. Amen. So, so whether I come or some other preacher come in here and preach it, you'll be like, "Amen. Amen." Now, I'mma be sitting there like, "Now, Lord, they ain't say amen to me like that." But, it's because we had to plant the seeds. Somebody else going to come in here and get some water. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. We all going to rejoice, though. Amen. All right. All right. Let me keep going. Let me keep going. All right. Amen. Amen. He says, I I come back. I said, wife, I got it now. He just met me in there and told me, "Here it is, honey. See, see, there it is. See, perfectly just in harmony." Oh, people without him, get in quick. It might be the last opportunity you'll ever be able to have. You don't know what uh time he might come. The feast of the trumpets, the Bible says they would separate themselves for for uh one for another and pray and weep because like a person with their only child uh being lost. It says, "Lord, I'm says, look, I want to say one more thing." Oh, Lord, this is good. Now, now when the prophet say, I want to say one more thing. Th this this to me is an intentional statement. In in your Bibles, if you just read, Revelation 8 1 says, uh, there was silence in heaven about the space of a half an hour. When he opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of a half hour. After that seventh seal opens, then it starts talking about the trumpets. So, Revelation 8 and Revelation 9 actually deal with six trumpets. But the seventh trumpet does not come until Revelation 11. Now, Brother Brand's going to tell us something because this is in your Bible. He says in between the sixth trumpet and the seventh trumpet. Remember the sixth sound in Revelation 8, Revelation 9. The seventh one sounds in Revelation 11, Revelation 8, Revelation 9. And the seven trumpet sounds in Revelation 11. Does anybody know what is in Revelation 10? Well, there's a seventh angel that's supposed to reveal all the mysteries. Now, look at what brother Brandham says. This he says this, not me. Don't take my word. Take a vindicated prophet's word. Look at what he said. Look, I want to say one more thing. This all this all the time I got to say this one last thing closely now. Don't miss this. How striking from the seventh angel's message, messenger of the seventh seal message in Revelation 10. Now he say the seventh angel's message was the message in the seventh seal where there was a half hour silence. That was the seventh angel's message. And what did he release in there? The seven thunders which was the mysteries contained in the seven seals. All that was a part of the coming of the Lord. All right. He says from the seventh angel's message of the seventh seal message in Revelation 10 was the seventh seal to the seven trumpets between these two times. Oh God, how can we say this to make the people see it? Watch this. It's between that sixth trumpet. It says that he says and the sixth trumpet. But he says now you see the little the stutter lines there. He says the sixth trump. So, so it's it's between the sixth trumpet and the sixth seal sounds at the same time. And between the sixth trumpet and the seventh trumpet there is a prophet. Now remember he says I want to say one more thing. Yeah. He says he said he said he said he says he says now he says between the sixth trumpet and the seventh trumpet between Revelation 9 and Revelation 11. He says he says he says in between glory to God. Amen. He says between um the sixth trumpet and the seventh trumpet, there is a prophet to appear before the Gentiles to call the people back to the original Pentecostal doctrine. And the two witnesses of Revelation appear to the Jews to send them to Jesus while the church is being taken up all of them prophets. Amen. The word of the Lord cannot be broken. It won't be a denomination. Do you see it? Now what they just told us there is that the sixth seal, sixth trumpet will sound at the same time. And I can just save you a little time. He he says in the feast of the trumpets that the six six trumpets sounded. He says it was loosed. These supernatural demons were loosed on Israel under Stalin and under Hitler. So all I'm telling you church is that when you're looking at scripture like that, it's past tense. Yes, sir. It is not a future tense because brother Brandham just told us in between the sixth trumpet, right, and the seventh trumpet, he says a prophet will appear. I wonder who this prophet that's supposed to appear. Who's this prophet that comes between the sixth trumpet and the seventh trumpet? And not only not only you know he's not just saying that if you read it in your Bible Revelation 89 first six trumpets. Revelation 11 is the seventh trumpet. Revelation 10 is somebody that comes to reveal all the mysteries. Look, let me tell you something. We had a prophet sir that revealed every mystery. And if our charts don't line up with what he said, let's discard the chart. Let's just discard the chart because this is what the prophet said, right? And I' I've been in churches where we've had these charts and I look at the chart, I said that feasting the trumpet, feast of the trumpets is not represented in that chart. So what happens? What what now there there's two things that typically happen. I'm I'm I'm done. Let me I promise you two things that happen when you don't put your chart away or update your chart. Two things happen. Either you feel like you got a greater revelation than what the prophet said or you begin to pull away from the message. That's what happens, right? Look, I'm going to stay with what the prophet said about all these things. I and and look, I'm not looking for I won't even be here to be looking for it anyway. I don't plan on being here to see whether something going to happen to the Jews. And look, it's already been happening to the Jews. It's already been and I ain't looking for no more. It's already they they they have to be pushed back into their homeland for the for the calling of the 144,000. They're not going to come after the rapture. It's only three and a half years left. Amen. To deal with all all of humankind. So there's no need for them. It just don't I'm sorry. This don't make sense. It don't make sense for after the rapture, God do something tremendous and all the Jews go back. No, that don't. It's already been happening. And this is why the prophet said, "I tried to preach it. I tried to preach it, but God showed it to me. I've supernaturally already preached this. And the supernatural things that he preached in the seals, this is where he said, "Ike men, they were they were they were they were already being persecuted under ikeman, fifth and sixth seal." And I and I just I I I was just sharing. I say, you know, brothers, the church ages deal only with the gentile church. That's us. The trumpets, brother Brandham told us, only deal with Israel. But the seals just so happen to deal with both. Gentiles in the first four, the the the the the the Jews in five and six, and then the coming of the Lord in the seventh. Now, God put all of that in the seals, which means which means to me, really simple to me, that there was a simultaneous movement, right? God moving amongst the Gentiles, God moving amongst the Jews. That's why brother Brandon would use language like it happened at the same time. I'm finished. My heart is free. [Applause] Let's pray. Father, um just something that you've placed in my heart, God, for a little bit and just having this opportunity just to express it to the church. I pray, oh God, that it'll be something that would help us in our journey. If we don't catch anything, we should simply catch that time is winding up. We don't have much longer. These are prophecies. These are things in scripture, Lord, that that will be fulfilled. And we're living in the midst of it right now. Here we are um living in a time where we see another pope has passed. And uh we know that the prophet has told us that God that there would be a pope that would rise up from the US. We also know that Revelation 13 tells us that this this second beast, which is the US, will will will throw all their power over to the first beast, which is the Catholic Church. So Lord, we we know through a prophetic lens that we are looking at things and and Lord, we want to be we want to be sincere. We want to be ready. And and I know God that some of us are have um we have situations that we're in. We need the grace of God to come to us in the form of a jubilee. Father, we we've got ourselves so messed up. We're just we don't know how we even got into conditions like this. The way that Abraham and Sarah were so messed up. They had no idea what what could they do. Nothing they could do. But you showed up supernaturally. You gave Aimilec a dream and said, "Don't you touch that man's wife. That man is my prophet." Father, and and and supernaturally, Father, you spoke to him. So, Lord, this great guster of Pentecost that we're looking for in our hour, may you do some supernatural things in the midst of your people, Lord. Give dreams, give visions as you promised according to uh Lord uh Joel chapter 2. Lord, this is a time that we're living in. And and Lord, and as we as we as you do these things to just help us awake and and shake ourselves that Lord, we would awaken out of our spiritual amnesia. Oh God, Father, we begin to recognize who you are and what you're doing. We want to be we want to be close to you, Jesus. Lord, this is our desire. I pray Lord that as these seeds were sown Father into this church today Lord that it would bring forth good fruit and that the people Father would be amen clearer Lord on where they stand and and where they are and and what you're trying to do Father in this hour Lord let them be clear. We don't want to just go through the motions but we need to understand Father and the the Bible says in all you're getting get understanding. So help us God to see what you would have us to see. I pray your blessings upon each one. Father is my prayer. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the [Music] Lord. Amen. Um, I I I I made this comment earlier and I want to just read it to you. So, that you want to just say think I made it up. Uh, the last quote I think I got there is a rapture quote. If uh you would just pull that up. It's a very short one, but I want to Brother Random makes a statement. And he says and the trumpet he's talking about the shout the voice the trump says the trumpet with the sound of the trumpet when it does it calls. This is always a trumpet called Israel to the feast of the trumpets. Always a trumpet called Israel to the feast of the trumpets which was the Pentecostal feast, the great feast in the sky and the feast of the trumpets. Den a trumpet denounced a calling together calling to the feast. And now that is the lamb's supper in the sky. Now watch this. Assembling together in the bride the feast of the trumpets, the wedding supper. So as we are being called out to this great wedding supper, Israel is being called back for the atonement. And that's what's going to happen, church. Amen. in um uh in this three-fold phase of the rapture. This is why I said we're already in it. We the shout has already gone forth. The voice of the resurrection is waking the sleeping bride. And then there's a trump. And when that trump sounds, we're called out, but they're called in to recognize their prophets. The same trump, not something different, but it has a two-fold purpose for that trump. Oh God, I thank God. I'm going to tell y'all something. I thank God for a prophet. I thank God for a pro. I wouldn't know these things had there not been a prophet sent. We wouldn't be able to preach messages like this had there not been a prophet sent. And there, like I said, this this this the word of God just goes so much deeper than a come outside, I want to see you. It's so much deeper than that. But when we can catch it, oo, it a producer come outside, I want to see you. I prelude to Honda. Honda prelude a prelude to Honda. [Music] Oh my. Somebody stole my Kawasaki of [Music] Mal. Can't you see? Oh, can't you see? Why I'm so happy I've accepted. Oh, I accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, I revealed the word that was. [Music] [Music] Oh, can't you see why I'm so [Music] happy? Oh, I accepted the word of the Lord. [Music] Oh, the [Laughter] [Music] re that was the prophet of [Music] I praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you so much, Lord God, for light upon light after the initial illumination, Lord Jesus. the word that you have revealed to us this morning, Lord Jesus. How we can see how you were dealing with the Jews and the Gentiles simultaneous simultaneously, Lord. Father, the prophet of God would make a statement like, "As soon as Israel became a nation, immediately the angel of the Lord appeared to me in a cave. Lord Jesus, you were dealing with the prophet while you were dealing with Israel. Father, they were going back to the homeland, Lord Jesus. And you prepared a prophet, Lord, to reveal the Lord Jesus to the Gentiles. Father, they're going to receive their two prophets, Lord Jesus, that will re rece will reveal the Lord Jesus to them. We're so grateful for this grace, Lord. This is great grace Lord that you have provided us in this hour Lord to send us a prophet Lord that will reveal the seals to us by angel coming to him Lord and gross darkness Lord upon the people of this world Lord and we have light father we are a blessed people Lord I can never say this enough I can never think it enough. We are a blessed people that you would show us your love, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We were wretched, blind, going the same way the rest of the world was going, Lord. But you called us by your grace. You knew we would believe you. You knew we would accept this truth, Lord. So you called us, Lord. You sent us a prophet. You said, "Behold, I send Solomon Elijah the prophet." I'm so grateful, Lord, that that seed was within me to receive it. Not everyone can receive it, Lord. Not everyone can obey it. We see so many walking away, Lord. They were called just as we were called. You sent Elijah to them, Lord, and they wouldn't receive them. Now, they're groping in darkness with the rest of this world, Lord. But there are some that has to return. There are some, Lord, that has to be called back, Lord. Lord, may our light so shine, Lord, that they can find their way back home. Father, we ask that you would bless our pastor, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for dealing with his heart. Thank you, Lord God, for opening the word to him, Lord Jesus, that he might bring it to us to us. Restore him his strength, Lord. Bless him for his time in your presence, Lord, to bring this, to receive it, to bring it to us, Lord. Give him his strength back. Everything that he put into the service, Lord. Lord, just bless them abundantly, a thousandfold, Lord. Bless this people, all that hurt and that will receive and obey this truth, Lord. Be with each one as they go and depart from this place. Lord, as we all meditate on your truth, Lord, may we all with a grateful heart, show you our gratitude, Father, until we all come back at the appointed time, Lord, bless each one, keep each one, and use each one for your great name's sake. We'll be careful to give you the praise, the honor, and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Our brothers will come and dismiss you at this time. Sisters, you might want to remain. You're going to be meeting just over here about the the picnic that's that's going to uh come forth with Sister Tina. God bless you. I'm so [Music] happy for I accepted the word of the Lord. [Music] Oh, that was the [Music] angel. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy I've accepted [Music]
