################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - The True Church Of God - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jr (07-02-2025) - Quintin Fulgham Jr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-02
Title:    The True Church Of God - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jr (07-02-2025)
Speaker:  Quintin Fulgham Jr
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ_KzB4hjJQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Then we're going to vibe with the jack out. Exalt thee. We exalt thee. We exalt thee. Oh Lord, we exalt we exalt thee. We do, Lord. We exalt thee. [Music] We exalt thee, oh Lord, I love you, Lord. Amen. Sing. Say, "I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice. Take joy, my king. And what you hear and let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Oh, I love you, Lord. Yes, I love you, Lord. Oh, and I lift my voice to worship [Music] you, oh my soul, rejoice. [Music] Oh, take my king. [Music] What you hear? And let it be a sweet, sweet sound. Oh, let it be a sweet sweet Let it be. Let it be a sweet sweet sound in your name. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So good to be back in the house of the Lord. Amen. On tonight, um tonight, Brother Quinton is going to be coming to minister to us. And um I'm looking forward to what God wants to say to us through him. Amen. But we want to just continue to sing. Amen. that as um he comes in his own special way. Amen. I love you, Lord. Oh, and I lift my voice. Oh, where shape you? Yes. Oh my soul rejoice. Please take your my king. Oh, what you hear and let it be a sweet, sweet sound. Just let the musicians play softly. Go to the Lord before the word in prayer. Go to the Lord in prayer. Lord God, we want to thank you, oh Lord, for um your grace and mercy that you've given us, oh Lord God. Lord, we realize, oh Lord God, that it's your love, oh Lord Jesus Christ, that has uh that has captivated us, oh Lord Jesus Christ, and brought us to your presence, oh Lord God. Lord, we realize that we don't deserve anything, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, Lord, when you went to the cross, oh Lord God, the prophet said that you bore all of our sins. Oh Lord God, all of our failures, all of our mistakes, oh Lord God, Lord, you willingly took those on, oh Lord Jesus Christ, though you didn't deserve it, oh Lord Jesus Christ. So Lord, anything that we receive from you, oh Lord God. Lord, we are thankful, oh Lord Jesus Christ, we just want to thank you for your love, oh Lord God, and the position that you've placed us in, oh Lord God, to be your children, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we thank you for this grace that you've extended us, oh Lord God. Lord, there are those in the audience, oh Lord, that need a special touch from you, oh Lord God. Lord, some are sick in the body, oh Lord Jesus Christ, and some are weary in the in spirit and soul, Lord Jesus Christ. But Lord, because you cried out for us on the cross, oh Lord God, Lord, it was a legit pain and anguish that you went through, oh Lord God. Meaning, oh Lord God, that you mean exactly what you say. Oh Lord, when you say you are a healer, oh Lord God, when you said that you are a comforter, oh Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, you meant it, oh Lord Jesus Christ, you're meant to bring it to us, oh Lord God. Lord, we are nothing but sheep, oh Lord Jesus Christ, which means we can do nothing, oh Lord God, unless your voice speaks to us, Lord, give us revelation to know that your promises are true, oh Lord God. Lord, give us more of your spirit to say amen, oh Lord God, to your word in the face of adversity, oh Lord God, because we know, oh Lord God, that your word formed the foundations of the world, oh Lord, it can help us in our situations, oh Lord God. Lord, be with the service, oh Lord God, and bless everyone, oh Lord. Anoint our eyes, our hearts, our ears to hear from you, Lord God, so we can see more more of you, Lord God, especially as the time is coming to an end, Lord God. We ask this in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you musicians. Um so the title that the Lord had given me to speak uh on to tonight is the true church of God. And we're going to start our um our biblical reading out of Matthew. We're going to read two two uh places. Uh Matthew 24 uh and it's going to be Matthew chapter 24 27-33. And then also verse uh 42 and just say amen once you get there you can start reading. So it says for as the lightning cometh out of the east and shineth unto the west. So shall also the coming of the son of man be. For wheresoever the carcass is there will the eagle e eagles be gathered. And we know that the carcass by what the prophet said is uh it's a fresh killing which means that it's the it's the word for the day. It's not just any kind of food but it's a fresh food. Right? And then it also says there will the eagles be gathered. So you can't unite believers without the message of the hour and a revelation of the message hour. There's no uniting eagles together under any kind of other circumstance. Right? So verse 29 says, "Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of heaven shall be shaken. And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven. And then all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. And he shall send his angels with a great trumpet sound of a great uh sound of a trumpet and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds from one end of heaven to the other. And we know that when we see this word elect in here, the prophet uh told us that that's not the bride elect, but that's uh that's the Israelites that are coming together because the bride doesn't go through tribulation, right? only the Israelites, the 144,000 and the foolish virgins go through the uh the tribulation because in verse 28 when it referenced this group here as eagles, you know, eagles always fly above a storm. They never go through a storm and they look down on what is going on in the storm, right? So verse 32 says, "Now learn a parable of the fig tree. When his branch is yet tender and put forth leaves, yay know that summer is nigh. So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors. Verse 42 reads, "Watch therefore, for you know not what hour your Lord doeth come." And then we're going to, and you may be seated now. And we're going to read also from Matthew 25. Uh we're going to read verses uh 1-4. And I'll just start reading. And it says, "Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto 10 virgins which took their lamps and went forth to meet the bridegroom, and five of them were wise, and five were foolish. They that were foolish took their lamps and took no oil with them. But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps." And then going down to verse 13, it reads, "Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of Man cometh." Amen. So these Bible verses are kind of uh are are Jesus kind of telling the church and the people about watching for events that are supposed to be going on during this day. And a lot of stuff has happened in the world uh uh just in this past year, right? Uh so we it's safe to say for us because we have prophetic in insight that history the history books are almost over. Everything is almost finished. You know, time will soon be no more. And it's a very very exciting time uh in this day and age for people that got oil. And if you don't have oil, it's going to be uh uh it's going to be a real real rough time, right? So we want to make sure that we're uh our lives uh um are trimmed up and ready for his appearance. And so um with it being the end time, you know, I used to run track back in, uh back in, uh high school, and you had these two races. You had one that was called the 4x1. It was a relay race and you know you would have someone run 100 meters, another person run 100 meters and it was four people. We would hand the baton off to everybody and um you would run with all your might and give the baton to the next person and then that next person was dependent upon the other person to run with all their might and the next person was depending the person run with all their might until the race was over. And one of the strategies of this race is that you want to have uh the first person that uh that starts it off from the blocks, they got to be a really really good starter. They got to they got to really really really get out there and get that thing out there. And I like to look at Paul as that kind of person that God predestinated because when God when Paul got a hold of this message, I mean the books that he put together in the New Testament, I mean he did something that no other person could do. So God had confidence that when he placed Paul as a firsttime messenger, he would get the things started and started good. Um, and another strategy is that uh that some people do is that you put your fastest person at the last leg because you want to finish the thing out strong. And so in this day and age, God gave us a prophet, right, as the last leg because he needed a strong finish, right? So he had to give him more and more revelation to make sure this thing is uh uh finish is good. And uh the thing about it is that the prophet is physically no longer here. So God's got to trust us to finish this race strong, right? It's a big big responsibility when you realize that God is entrusting his plan in your hands, right? Uh but the beautiful thing about this thing, because it can seem like a big responsibility, is that God could have put us in any age. You could have been born during Moses' age. You could have been born during Noah's age. You could have been born during Jonah's age. You could have been born during uh Paul's age. But God allowed you to be birthed during this time 2025, right? Because he had confidence that you would be able to take his word and finish this uh race out uh uh in a strong fashion. So the inspiration of this message uh came from the prophecy that we all know that is uh pretty well known. It's been the quote has been going around. So we'll just read that uh quickly. It's from Acts of the Holy Spirit 541219 paragraph 87. And we all know this, but I'll just kind of read it quickly just to show you where the thought came from. So says, "I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out from the United States and put over the air accordingly to prophecy, then they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. The true the real true believers out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, pilgrim, holiness, whatever they they'll be will go together and be cemented by the love of God that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. All the believers and agnostics and shallow-minded will be cast to one side. They'll go right on into the confederation of the churches. Right? And um when I first read that um the thing that popped out to me, I kind of stand on the lines of how brother George had came down and brother even brother Jack had uh talked about it. The thing that popped out to me was God driving his church together and then God cemented them with love into the body. Uh you know the pope they they have their part to play but that that but we don't want to focus on that part. We want to focus on what God is doing with this real church, right? and and this and in that in that prophecy, God had described two steps of what he was going to do with his church at the end time. One, he's driving his church out of denominations or uh isms. And uh I personally I like to think that you know the prophet said Methodists and Baptists and Nazarines and Pentecostals and all those kind of stuff and whatever it may be. And I believe that God's driving his church out of all forms of isms, right? isms isms were are devices that are designed to keep people divided, right? And you can't form a body while being divided, right? So you have worldlyism, you know, you have uh politics, the politicism world, you have intellectualism, you have spiritualism and ritualism, right? And all these things do is just keep us arguing and divided and amongst one each other. But once God calls us from these things, he can then move on to the next step. Meaning that we have to get rid of all the isms first. You got to you got to take inventory for your own life. You can't be worried about what up what's going on in other people's lives. But you got to make sure that the isms are outside of your life so that when God comes down to drive his church together that you're caught in his hand as well. You can't be busy busy, you know, looking at other people's lives. Well, so and so was doing this and so so and so was doing that. Right? That's a ism in itself because you're trying to cause division, right? So he God, we have to get rid of all of these isms out of our bo out of our um our spirit first so that God can then do the next step which was the the next part which is cement us with love into his body. Right? And I like that word cement because when I was doing a search of the message of this thing uh the prophet had referenced and said that cement is used to set a foundation right meaning that love has got to be the foundation. What whatever you're doing I whatever work you're doing for God whatever you're doing in life your foundation has to come from a place of love. Right? If you're trying to show somebody, you know, the things in the message, you know, a lot of times we try to explain the message to people and all that kind of stuff, but if you're coming from a foundation where you just want to debate and prove people wrong, that's the wrong foundation, right? It has to come from a place of love. If you're looking to correct a brother or a sister, you know, you may see a sister or a brother that isn't isn't dressed right. And if your whole agenda is just to go and try to beat them up with the word, it's the wrong foundation. It reminds me of the the woman that committed adultery. Everybody was ready to stone her and they were standing on the word, but Jesus could pick up the spirit behind what they were trying to do, right? And he was able to come and go and show forgiveness. So you want to make sure that your foundation is coming from a place of love because what happens is if it doesn't come from a place of love, you end up just making the situation a lot worse than what it should have been. So now God has to kind of go through and spend more time resolving it, right? Um so we want to do thing we want to we want to we don't want to go against God's plan especially in this time. We want to be an asset to his plan. We want every everything to come from a place of uh of love and compassion and things like that. Um you know Paul also referenced it in u I believe it was Corinthians where it says if I had the tongue of angels and the faith to move mountains and you had all these gifts but had no charity it doesn't mean anything for you. So we want charity to be our foundation. Right. Yes, sir. Amen. So, we're going to talk about these two things uh that the prophet said that God would do in this last day. And it's just to expound upon uh I guess some of the meaning, the deeper things of this thing because in Matthew 24:25, God gave us a command to watch right during this age. He gave us a command to watch for these things to make sure we know what time it is. And every uh everyone here, everyone here is from South Florida. So if let's say I'm just kind of making this up, you know, uh the Sand Hill crane, everybody in South Florida knows what the Sand Hill crane is. So you know, if I if if if someone from South Florida that kind of knew what was going on, let's say every time the Sand Hill cranes fly up north, that means there's a bad bad hurricane coming, right? And so they know exactly what to watch for. So if someone came down here and they was like, "Why is there what you talking about this sandill crane coming here this going on?" They just ignored what you said. It was like, man, it's sunny outside. Like, ain't nothing going to happen. Right? So, it it goes to show that you have to know what to watch for. You have to be instructed what to watch for or else you get caught into a storm. Right. And so, um, and the thing about it is, you know, we've we've been preaching the coming of the Lord for a very very long time, but now we have the signs that we're getting closer and closer and closer. So, it's, you know, you you really got to start cleaning up your lives now, right? Just to make sure you're prepared and you don't you don't miss this thing, right? Uh and the Bible also said in Revelation that the bride has made herself ready. God didn't have to come down and prepare her and just say, "Hey, put this on and you need to do this and you need to start doing this." No. The Bible said he has so much confidence in this special individual that they can just take the word. they know exactly what to do with it. Right. Amen. So, we're going to read out of the message part in uh preaching 63 and we're going to read a couple uh few paragraphs there to kind of see how um brother brother Brandham illuminates on what we just talked about. It says, "Now, let's just ask oursel the question. Isn't that something like today? As bad as we hate to say it, we've got to face facts somewhere. There is something wrong." And this was preached in ' 63. He says, 'Why, this church ought to be a million miles up the road to where it is now. Jesus is waiting on his church to get ready. His bride has made herself ready. We got the potentials. The Holy Spirit is here. God is here. The power to heal the sick, the power to do all the things that Christ did. I've seen it demonstrated myself by the Holy Spirit. So, the potentials are here. What God is waiting for us to get away from is our traditions and come back under the blood of his son Jesus Christ to become the church of the living God. Methodist, Baptist, Lutheran, Presbyterian, whatever more whosoever will come and take of the waters uh of the waters of life freely. I believe that with all I believe all that is in me. We God has set down the Holy Spirit to do that. But we with our rituals without sincerity we're going it's it's it's our tradition and become it's original. We go without sincerity without really sorrowful sin. Right? So God is saying, so I mean the prophet is saying that you don't want to be caught in a a time where you know you're not focused and really and really driven by the Holy Spirit to prepare yourself because at any moment he could come and if you're not ready you know uh at that time God there's no backup plan right there's no backup plan there's no overtime you know in some games you have overtime but there's no overtime when this things comes and you will miss it. It's one thing that God don't play about. God don't play about his word. So when he says something and he sets a date, that's it. It doesn't Your emotions don't matter, your tears don't matter. If God sets a date, you have to get yourself ready in order for him to come and fulfill that word. So the bride has made herself ready, right? And the bride is uh getting herself ready. And I I'll say this, as the bride is is as you're getting yourself ready, you'll see God will bring that church together, right? you'll see God come and fulfill his part of that thing. And the thing I like about um the bride has prepared herself. I like that because this is in reference to the wise version that has oil, right? Which means that she has God's spirit, but she also the prophet had referred to it as wine stimulation, which causes you to do something about it, right? So, you're not just uh coming to church and playing church. You're not just going to your job, this plane job. you're doing something about this thing to make sure that you are ready for his coming. Right? So, the first thing we're going to talk about uh is God driving this church together, right? The true church. And in order to talk about God's church, we have to recognize all the groups that will be identified at the end time, right? And there's various groups that will be identified at the end time. And brother Brandham had talked about some of those in that quote we saw. And so within the believers, and I say believers loosely because we'll as we begin to talk about this, we'll see why I say believers loosely loosely. You have the wise virgins, you have the foolish virgins, and you have the 144,000 Israelites, right? And the reason why I say loosely is because brother Brandon referenced the the foolish virgins as they were believers and but they were professors but they didn't actually have everything that they were professing right and the Bible called them virgins which means that they didn't partake upon themselves with the world right so um and then you also have of course 144,000 which are the Israelites um and so that that kind of references the believer believers and they're all saved But salvation looks different for each one of them. Right? Salvation looks a little bit different from each one of these groups. Right? Next, you have the makeelievers or the denominational harlot. And those are the ones that are going to go into uh the system of the pope. And finally, you have the unbelievers. And even brother Brandham said the agnostics will go into that system of the pope. So, it's like it you can say you don't believe God, but you going to believe some God. There's no such thing as not believing. you'll be forced uh uh into either uh system, right? And so the first thing we want to do though uh since we're talking about the true church of God, we want to identify the characteristics of the true church, right? And the true church of God are the individuals that can understand and believe the fullness of the word for their day. Right? these individuals have been predestinated and they're being led by a prophet at the prophet messenger at this end time. Right? So, and it's um so salvation is for everybody, right? Salvation is for everybody. And it's it's it's an important thing to understand that, right? But as I said before, salvation looks different for each of these groups, right? So to see the message, that's something that God has to do for you personally, right? It's not something that you choose to do. God has to do this thing personally for you, right? Uh the the prophet said that um because we're Gentiles and the prophet said that God deals with Israel as a group. Uh and uh that's why when the messengers go to them or when you see about Israel mentioned in the Bible, they're mentioned as the 144,000, right? It's a group of people. But even though the gentile bride is mentioned as a group of bride, the fact that there's the word bride, it signifies that there's something intimate between God and each one of these individuals. Right? This is something that the Israelites will not have. Right? So it it just shows the the the special place in God's heart that these individuals have. Right? So there's not enough I want to say that there's not enough intellect and explaining about the message that can make somebody a message believer, right? You you can explain it. I mean, you can just dot it up to a tea, that won't do it, right? uh you can uh there's people that can uh you know it it's uh that people can have an infatuation with the message and brother Brandham and from like a historical fact standpoint but that doesn't do it right. That is not enough to do it. God has to personally reveal the word to you. Right? We're not message believers because we're family and friends and we and we fellowship in the same church. We're message believers by the grace of God. It really is grace. Uh and and what that means is that it has to be God's desire for you to believe. That's why the Bible said he is the author and finisher of our faith. Yes, sir. Right? So, it's not you authoring your faith, but it's God saying, "Hey, I want you to believe such and such a thing. I want you to believe such and such a thing." And we'll get about that a little bit into that uh later on. or where you'll have certain individuals, and I may be getting ahead of myself, but uh you'll have certain individuals that will struggle to believe and God don't do nothing with them. But then you got Thomas the doubter and God said, "I ain't believing until I touch the holes in your wrist." And God and Jesus said, "Hey, come on right and do it." God wants specific people to believe the word, not just anyone to believe the word, right? And that's why it's grace that we can see what we can see, right? Uh so there's no point in arguing and debating about it. It it all it does is just cause animosity, right? And and and strife and stuff like that. I remember I was talking to someone about the truth of what happened in the garden. And I I began to expound upon, you know, well, what really happened in the garden was this, this, this, and that. And then the individual that had hit me back was like, "No, what happened was, you know, Adam failed his responsibility to his wife." And I could feel the tension be building up. So I decided just to let me just not say nothing. Just just let it go. You don't want to You don't want them to say something bad about it, you know, because it's been revealed to you. So you just let that thing go, man. And and that's love, right? You ain't trying to uh force people to believe stuff, right? Because the thing about it is God ain't force you to believe this thing. Amen. Amen. God did not force you to believe it. You just saw it, right? And so, um, so we have to learn to allow things to fall in their right place. Do you see what I'm saying? We got to allow situations, uh, to fall in their right place. You know, I think about um, Abraham. When God called Abraham, one of the first things he did was bring Lot. And it's like, no, Abraham, God called you. God did not call a lot, right? And what and we see u that sometimes when um when you try to force situations, it ends up creating problems for you down the long run, right? And we see as in the story of Lot that they began to I think his herdsmen, they began to fight. They began to have strife, right? And the thing about it was that was Abraham's promise, not Lot's promise. So a lot of times, you know, you have to be careful when God reveals things to you and not to somebody else, right? So God may give you uh an idea for a business. Let's say, you know, he gives you an idea for some kind of financial loan service business or whatever, and you go there and you tell someone like, "Yeah, you know, God, I I believe God gave me a vision to start my own business and this, this, and that." And they're like, "Well, you know, with the interest rates what they are right now, that ain't going to work out." and all of a sudden you're like, "Man, now you're starting to doubt what God told you." But God ain't revealed that to them. So, you can't get upset with them. They just don't know. God didn't tell them. So, you can't be upset. So, you got to learn that when God, and I love this thing that the prophet said, um, sometimes when God speaks to you, it is an, like I said, as a bride, it is God revealing things to you, not to someone else. So a lot of times when God tells us things and we want to go and share with everyone else and they don't understand and it's like well yeah that was for you that wasn't for them. So we got to learn to know when God's just trying to have grace and come down and just have a individual walk with you as he promised that he would do in this last day. Amen. He doesn't deal with us as Israelites. We don't get a group revelation. We get individual revelation. That's the truth. Right. And so if I could if I could also kind of type it uh to this um and the reason why we can kind of create problems in the long run. Let's say you have a woman and let's say she um let's say she's got a she got a big foot. She's this size 11. Right? Size 11 foot or whatever. And you try to put her in a size eight shoe. Right now at first it'll look all right, you know, because she's just trying to hold on to the pain. But after a while, you know, she'll start to walk a little bit funny, right? She's going to start to walk a little bit funny. And in that funny walk, you know, there's a type there spiritually because the funny walk in the message can manifest itself as well in different ways. So, one of the things is that you'll see people when they hit when they receive the message, they'll try to take some things away from the message to make it a little bit more digestible. Mhm. And so then they start to look funny and you're like, "Here you are. You're reading the message. You're like, whoa, okay, that person believes that. That's very interesting." And then on the other side, you have people that will try to add things to the message or add things to what the prophet said to make them seem more spiritual or ritualism. And to the real believer, it looks funny, right? And but uh we thank God for his grace because when you're the right vessel, you can just take the word as it is, right? It's easy for you to just digest the word uh as it is. And then God shows you then God backs you up with the signs and the wonders and all the promises and it looks like something that is uh uh um uh normal or balanced. See, that's the problem that Peter had when Jesus was trying to go and wash his feet, which is why he needed a conversion because, you know, Jesus came and wanted to wash his feet and Peter's like, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't don't wash my feet, Lord." And Jesus said, "If I don't wash your feet, you you don't have no place in me." Well, said, "Well, not just my feet. Well, then just wash all of them." He's like, "No, no, no. I just need to do your feet." Right? So, a believers, all they need is just the word. You can't go above it. You can't go below it. Right. Uh and so that's why we have to be careful uh within the message and when you interact with different people in the message and stuff like that and you begin to form relationships. That's where the problem comes. The problem comes is when we're in a uniting time right now and the uniting time is becoming more contrast than it ever has been before. Now before you could be a generally a good person. you know, they had nuclear families back in the 1930s and people took care of their kids, but we're starting to see a a stark contrast between these things. And so, it's uh it's definitely uh a uniting time, but we can't be united by our feelings for each other. We can't I can't be united because, you know, me and this brother, we enjoy the same things. You know, we both play basketball or we both we have to be united by the word and the word alone is the only thing that can keep people together. Right? The word alone is the only thing that can keep the people together. You can't be united under a skin color. You know, a lot of people, you know, you go to churches and they only allow uh one skin color, right? Or or some churches, you know, they only allow a certain type of people. Like if you yell a lot, you know, they don't want you in their church, right? Or if you don't make enough noise, they don't want you in the church. And it's like, but God don't unite by those things. God unites by his love, right? which is belief and of the fullness of the word, right? So, um God is going to drive his church together, right? And it has to be God that does the driving. So, we're going to read a couple. We're going to read some uh Bible verses uh just to kind of cement this thing. Um and we're going to do our first Bible reading from Genesis 16. And we're going to read verses uh 6-1. So, it's going to be a lot of Bible reading, but I'm going to uh hopefully by the uh by the grace of God, we're going to tie this thing together just so we can um understand it. So, it reads here, "But Abram said unto Sarah, behold, thy thy maid is in thy hand. Do to her as it pleasth." This is after Abraham Sarah wanted Abraham to have a a child with Hagar. And when Sarah dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face. And the angel of the Lord found her by a water of by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain in the way of Shure. And he said, "Hagar, Sarah's maid, whence comest thou? And whether wilt thou go?" And she said, "I flee from the face of my mistress Sarah." And the angel of the Lord said unto her, "Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands." And this is the the verse we want to we want to key in. And the angel Lord said unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly that it shall not be numbered for for a multitude. So here we see God given uh this promise to her child that looks very similar to the promise that God is giving um Abraham, right? And the angel of the Lord said unto her, "Behold, thou art with child and shall bear a son, and shall call his name Ishmael, because the Lord hath heard thy affliction." Right? Um, and now we're going to go to Genesis 17 and read verses 17 through uh, 23. Um, try to go through it quickly. Then Abraham fell upon his face and laughed and said in his heart, "Shall a child be born unto him that is 100 years old, and shall Sarah that is 90 years old bear." Uh, and Abraham said unto God, "Oh, that Ishmael might live before thee." And God said, "Sarah, thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed, and thou shalt call uh his name Isaac, and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him. And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee, behold, I will I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly. 12 princes shall he begget, and I will make him a great nation. But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which shares I bear unto thee at this time in the next year." and uh and he left off talking with God and God went up from him and Abraham took Ishmael's son and all that were born in his house and all that were bought with his money every male among the men of Abraham's house and circumcise the flesh of their foreskins in the same day as God has said unto them. So here we see God uh divvying out his will uh and purpose to these two different seeds. You have Isaac and then you have Ishmael. And the promises almost look pretty similar uh because it it even said from Ishmael that 12 princes shall he sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh sh shall he begget. And we all know that when Isaac uh um gave birth to Jacob, he also gave birth to 12 kids. Right? So these themes look very very very very similar, but the difference was there was a covenant that was with Isaac. Right? So, in this last day, uh, as we're as we're looking at these different groups and we're looking for the identification of the true church, we want to make sure that what we believe, the word that we have is a covenant behind that thing, right? Not just blessings. We don't want just blessings. Ishmael was blessed. No doubt. Ishmael, his name meant um the Bible here said Ishmael, his name meant because the Lord have heard thy affliction. We don't want God just to answer our prayers. All right. We don't want God just to heal our bodies, right? And just bless us and rich and we not have the fullness of the word, right? That's how you miss a rapture. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to read Genesis 21 uh 4 uh 4-10 um and then 14. Um, and it reads, "And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac, being 8 days of day 8 days old, as God had commanded him. And Abraham was a hundred years old when his son Isaac was born into him." And Sarah said, "God hath made me to laugh so that all that hear will laugh with me?" And she said, "Who who would have said unto Abraham that Sarah should have given children suck? For I've borne him a son in his old age?" And the child grew and was weaned. And Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned. And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian. We want to key in on this verse. Which she had born unto Abraham mocking. Wherefore she said unto Abraham, cast out this bondswoman and her son, for the son of this bondswoman shall not be heir with my son, even with Isaac. Right? So here we have this scenario where we begin to see this um this distinction between the two seed lines and that they don't agree with everything right and there's favor given to one and there's favor given to uh uh there's favor that's not given as much to another one and Paul further explains this in the book of Galatians where he says that it he typed it from the natural son to the spiritual son how the natural son would perscute ute the spiritual son, right? So, you know, it's just because people cannot see the message and and you don't want to you don't want to force people to see the message because you don't want to create an enemy, right? That's going to eventually come back on you, right? As God is giving you the word. That's why one of the things that I do uh I don't I don't try to convert people to the message. I'll give you Jesus and salvation all day, right? And then as God leads me to say certain things, then I'll just start throwing nuggets out. But I'm not here to try to make message believers. That's in God's hands. Right now, I'll say I I'll speak salvation in Jesus Christ. I'll preach that to every single soul in the world because God wants to save you. But the message is uh is a unique thing, right? There's something special about that thing. And you don't want anyone just to have a message. That's why you got to be careful about, you know, when people, new people come into church, you know, and it's like, well, how how'd you get to the message, you know, it's like, how did you know about the message? What's your revelation? Well, you know, I was born to so and so, this famous preacher and this and that. That ain't going to do it. right there there there there have been there and I don't and I I don't want to say any names but there's a lot of situations where we see these different dynamics and we see people believe in different stuff that doesn't line up fully with the word right and I'm not here to judge anyone because I stand like Joseph I'm I don't take the place of God I can't speak for anybody all I can do is just preach the word and observe the spirits that I see right so we're going to kind of go through this thing because we can gle and uh in fact we're actually going to go to this message uh the seed shall not be heir with the shuck preached in 650429 and we're going to read a couple of these paragraphs just to kind of see what the prophet had said about this situation and what he types it to says here now Ishmael could not be heir with Isaac because one was slightly doubted just slightly doubted it was a child it was still the seed of Abraham but not God's perfect way forward Ishmael now I could spend much time here but I'm hoping the Holy Spirit will convey this to you in a real way that it should be. Now, if they if Ishmael and Isaac could not be heir together because the original plan of God was substituted in a per into a permissive plan of God, a permissive way that God did bless, neither can the spiritual church today be heir with the denominational, the denominationals. God blessed them like he did Ishmamail, but the spiritual will not be heir with the others. That's right. There will be coming out of the church denomination, church so-called church natural, will come a bride of Christ the elected. Now there what troubles me this hour is knowing that we we see all these denominations pulling into this what we know to be the what you call the latter reign or the pouring out of the spirit. Did you realize that uh Jesus said that when that come to pass it would be the end when the foolish virgin and the wise virgin was not heirs together? For when the foolish virgin when she was a virgin uh she was a virgin just lacking oil but when she come to buy it was at the time that the bridegroom come and she was left out while she was trying to buy oil. You understand? I want that to soak in real good. Now surely I won't have to move that subject any further. Neither can the spiritual and the natural bees heirs together. Meaning that you ain't going in no rapture with any ism. uh any kind of ism that you got on the inside of you, if God don't deliver that, deliver you from that at the time of his coming, you cannot make a rapture, right? The spiritual cannot be heir with the natural, the natural mind, right? And he and he uh and he says in verse um 48 I mean 47. That's why the rapture, the bride, the wise virgin, the called out, the for ordained, the elected. While you businessmen wouldn't run your office like some people try to think that God runs his program haphazard. God knew before the foundation of the world who would be saved and who would not be saved by predestination, by fornowledge. He saw every member put every name on the lamb's book of life before the church ever began. Jesus come to seek and save that which was on the book. He bought the book of redemption. It was lost and he redeemed us. And all the names that was on the book was redeemed when he redeemed us. Then, as I said many times, you recognize that that's why you're here this morning, right? So, that's why you believe a message. It ain't nothing but the grace of God. It's not because you tried to figure it out yourself. It's not because of how many message books you've read. I've heard that one a lot. You know, people reading lots and lots of message book that don't give you revelation, right? Uh it's not how many quotes you know or how many quotes you've memorized or you know how many camps you've been to or how many uh days you spent in a message church. These things don't provide revelation. Right? But he says that's why you're here this morning. Why you're coming up out all of these organizations and things organizations and things you're there is something pulling you as my little thought was about the eagle hatched under the hen. See you you realize there is something different. The church didn't have a satisfying something, but you heard something else that was a scream. You realize that that you were born for that. You're a part of it. You fit into it like a glove on a hand. That's why we're assembled here together this morning is because as my old southern mama used to say, birds of a feather flock together because you have these they have things in common, right? So that's why we're assembled here today is because of the message. It's not because of some kind of other ism or or it's not even by your own desire. Like you it's like it's if like a type to the natural, you know, you can't you can't decide what kind of brother or sister you going to have. You can't decide what their characteristics are going to be. You can't decide what they going to look like. You can't decide what they going to act like. But you just have to accept that that's your brother or your sister. Right? And the same way as it is with God, we can't decide who's in God's family, who's not in God's family. Just as God brings and predestinates and baptize individuals with the Holy Ghost, we just got to take them as is as a brother or a sister. Right? That's grace. That's God working uh his plan, right? And in uh paragraph 49, it reads, "Buzzards and doves have nothing in common. Their diet is different. Although a dove could be hatched under a buzzard." That's right. Depend on what it was to begin with. Now, and in that though, the dove might have to be motherthered a while by that by that by the buzzard. But, uh, finally, uh, he'll find his mate. Uh, meaning that you can be in denomination. You might be in denomination for a long long long long long time. You might be in certain isms for a long long long time, but eventually your nature is going to take over. Right? And that's why, you know, I and that's why it's one of the things I love about God because, you know, God is not a slave taskmaster. He don't do things like that. And I like to think about the story of Noah, how, you know, Noah had the dove and the crow and they was cooped up in the ark. And, you know, God don't want to see God doesn't God doesn't want you to serve him out of, you know, obligation or tradition. He doesn't want you to wear skirts because you know this is the right thing to do, right? He wants you to do it because you love his word, right? Because you have a relationship with him and these things have been revealed. And so that's why you have to know sometimes you got to be careful because a lot of times we point fingers and people may have backslide and but the prophet told us that backslide doesn't mean somebody is just lost and plum fell off. So I like to think of the story of Noah how he opened up that window and he said, "Hey doves and crows, y'all can go." Right? And so them dove and the crow, they flew out a finally out of the ark. Right? They finally got their freedom. So the dove and the crow, you know, they flew to one island and they nestled down there. And then the crow said, "Hey man, this is some good stuff here. Eating some there's some good food over here." And so the dove came over there, man, started eating and the crow was just slopping it up and the dove was like, "Hold on a second. It tastes real good, but when it hit down, it was like, so we tried to fake it and said, "Oh, this is this is all right, I guess." And so then they got up and flew more. It was free, right? And then they went to another island and they got down there and the crow was started eating some muck and said, "Hey, man, this stuff is delicious." The dove came and uh that little dove came over there, start eating and says, "You know what? I can't take this no more. I need to go back. I need to go back." So God don't got to force no one to be in the message. What God deposited in you before the foundation of the world will make its way back to him. That's why it's it's a beautiful thing to be a part of this message because you don't have to fear being lost. What does that what does that have to do with God's elect? Right? You were born with the very nature of God on the inside of you, which means you have to see what he sees. Right? Um I know um sometimes you know kids you know they try to you know they try to go out in life when they get on their own and try to do their own thing and you know I'm never going to be like my parent man I tell there are things I see about my parents now that I that now that I'm older and it's because I came from them. You can't run away from that thing. Right? That's how it is with a real believer. When God predestinated you he put in he the insurance that he put inside of you was his own nature inside of you. That's why when you go into different isms, denominationalism or intellectualism or you might even be an unbeliever in worldlyism, at some point that nature, God has so much confidence not in your reasoning or your life choices, but God has so much confidence in what he spoke about you that it will bring forth the fruit that he said it would do. Right? That's what we have confidence in. That's what we're trusting in. That's why we're not trying to we're not trying to do anything about it because God's got it under control. All right. So, I like how, you know, um this um this typing of of Isaac, you know, cuz the Bible says when Ishmael did this mocking, and I looked up a lot of different translations uh because there's a lot of translations about it about, you know, what that meant by mocking. And the only thing that I could really type it to was in Galatians when uh Paul had said that the natural would persecute the uh the spiritual. You know, there there must have been something about Ishmamail that was kind of off, right? Growing up in a household with Isaac, right? You know, and that's usually how it is when, you know, uh, let's say, for example, you know, if someone were to come to Spirit and Truth and and sing like a country song. Now, we we'll we'll sing any song, right? We'll sing any song, but that's not how we do things. So, it's kind of like, you know, you getting in the spirit and stuff like that, but in the back of your head, it's like, you know, we sing the song that way. That's the way we sing the song. He ain't trying to be mean or nothing, but it's just the it's just the nature of the church. So, there must have been some things in Ishmael's nature and Sarah looking at Isaac that them things was different. You see what I'm saying? Those things were different. And uh so, when it says here that uh Ishma did this mocking and I kind of looked it up and I kind of I fall onto the realm of what um of what Paul said uh how it was a persecution against Isaac. Um, now Ishmael was a child and didn't know what he was doing. So, he was just an innocent child. But, you know, when you look at the type today as far as the spiritual and the denominational, when you tell some people about the message, you know, they don't really understand it. And so, one of the things they do is they mock you, right? And it's just that same exact spirit that was on uh uh Ishma, right? And um I can say this way um cuz everybody remembers the there's a there was a sister that I invited to um well a friend a work co-orker that I invited to church a while back ago and you know she came and I and I told her to I invited her to my to our church because you know I was talking about a church and she was saying well what church you go to might come and see you and I know she was coming that Wednesday and that Wednesday I was actually teaching and you know so it's like you know you teaching some things you don't know how people going to receive it or not. So, it's like, man, I don't know what she gonna say. So, um after a while, you know, it it started she was real nice to me. So, and and that thing kind of caught me because I'm like, if you can hear this, cuz what people don't realize this message is very rich, right? Not a lot of people can digest this thing when you hear some of the stuff that's said, right? And so she was just very kind to me and I was appreciating you know her her attitude right towards the word which is another important thing. your attitude towards the word says a lot about you, right? And so she came to me one time and you know, she was like, "Hey, I forgot to mention, you know, I enjoyed your sermon, you know, and she was like, she spoke along the line." She said, "It's so nice to see, you know, people that believe the word, right?" Because she had been to a lot of different churches, right? But I'll say this, when you preach the word, not just preach the word, cuz brother Brandham said preach is a life. When you're living this life, people know it's a difference between you and other denominations and other systems and people can see the difference. That's why the message, you don't got to debate the message. The life speaks for itself, right? It doesn't need to be debated because it's the truth. And so, I appreciate that from her because I'm like, man, that's a really, really good attitude. You know, there might be something there. I'm not God. It could be a seed, you know, or it could just, you know, it could be salvation. whatever it is, I appreciate the the attitude though, which could mean that it could be something. So, you know, just pray for her. And then there was this other girl that I had in my job, you know, and she um I guess she was going to some kind of event or something like that. And so, she she said, "What do you think about this dress that I'm going to buy?" And it was some provocative dress, you know, you I'm like, "Okay." I said I said I was like I didn't want to be mean, right? Because that's the thing about it. you don't got to be judgmental, right? But I said, uh, I said, I don't really like that, you know. I said, I like I like it when girls dress modest. And so she made a comment about that. Oh, you like it when girls wear dresses all the way up to their neck, right? And I know that she was joking, but it's that same mocking spirit you got to be careful about, right? You got to be careful because I'm not believing this thing because I made it up. I believe this thing because it was revealed to me and it's God's word, right? And God's word is yay and amen. Right? And so that's why you you have to be careful during this end day that you have a spirit upon you that can receive the fullness of the word and and end it with a amen each time. Right? And um and just kind of in closing uh just to uh mention another um another situation that kind of uh happened to me. I remember I was um I was on Instagram and you got to be careful what you listen to out there because everybody has an opinion now. Everybody's got an opinion about the word. Everybody's got an opinion about what's the right thing to do. And so I came across this account of this girl that believed in Muslim, I guess, the Muslim religion. And she was going through and just uh saying all the mistakes in the King James version. And so I'm sitting here and I'm intrigued because I never really looked at it kind of that way like as it being wrong or something like that. And so then I began to go on this search and you know there was this other guy out there and he was like people refer to people that only read the King James version as uh King James purist and I had never heard of that before because this is just this is just you know the prophet read the King James version. That's what he said. Oh that and that's just what I follow. And so he began to then dissect all the wrong the translations with each and every Bible verse. And so I you know and me I I have to be careful because I like a good debate. And so you know I got I had I I had I had to catch myself because I started going through each one and I'm like well hold on a second. You know he started in the beginning where God had created the heaven. It said right here you know it translates to heaven but then down here it translates to heavens. So, you know, that's an inconsistency and and I started like, well, let me start let me let me kind of like, you know, tell what I believe about it because the thing about it is if God wrote it, I know it's right. So, that means there's an answer somewhere. That's right. You don't have to sit there and uh and and I believe that's what kind of came on me though. It was like, you know what? I don't have to debate this. I don't have to entertain all of these things. I don't have to go through and just kind of prove these things. And as I was going through the um the uh teaching for that I do for the youth, I came across this old lesson plan and I kind of feel God is a funny way of doing things and it was about the translations of the Bible. And I said, you know what, that's all I need. You know, if brother Brandham said this thing is correct, I don't need to go down there and prove it. Right? And that's what the that's how the spiritual mind they just take God at his word. Right? Abraham. And that's why Isaac was the promise seed because Isaac was just taken at God's word. No matter what went through, no matter the situation, dead in their body, Abraham just believed God. But this other this other church, they got to have reasoning. They got to they got to figure out everything. They got to everything has to be explained to them. But the beautiful thing about the church of God, right, in the Gentiles, and I I was teaching this to the youth, you know, even during the time of Christ, when Jesus Christ went down to the Jews, it was always the Gentiles believing without signs. Just to show who the rightful heir was, right? Because Brother Brandham said the 144,000 will go through the tribulation. They won't have a rapture. 144,000 Jews, even though they'll get the message and they'll believe the message of the hour, they'll go through the tribulation. they do not get a rapture. Only the bride, the gentile bride uh receives a rapture. So we so as um in closing as we are beginning to go about our days in life and you know know the different types of uh interactions that we have with people is so I feel like the spirit of the world today is a debate spirit. It is a argument spirit. as I go online and I and and it's so tempting to just kind of like see a post and see a video and people argue things and debate stuff and it's so tempting to just want to say something, right? But you we have to learn that, you know, especially when it comes, you know, to message things and biblical things. It's only by revelation, right? And and even as believers, God still only shows you what he wants to, right? Brother Brandham had taught had spoke that about Isaac. Isaac was a prophet, but God didn't show him uh the plan of um Jacob. God didn't show him give him a vision about that. So God only shows you what you're allowed to see. So uh we should be thankful, right? We should be we should we should thank God for his grace for the things we know, the things that we don't know, right? We should be thankful because it's only by love that you get it. It's not intellect. It's not you trying to trying to figure this thing out and trying to explain this thing out and trying to you know well you know the bear the bridge and this and that and all these things brother there is a reason for everything right there is a reason for everything because God God never vindicated his word by explaining it he just said his word right in the beginning when he said let there be light he never explained well this atom is going to come together with this proton and they're going to smash and they're going to create this chain reaction he didn't say all of that he just said let there be a light. Right? So, as believers, it is our job to just believe the word. Just take the word. Yes, sir. Amen. So, we're going to end this in a in a word of prayer. Uh Lord Jesus, Lord, we thank you, oh Lord God, that Lord, you've anointed us, oh Lord God, with the ice live that you said, oh Lord God, so that we can see these things in the end time, oh Lord God. Oh God, we need more of your spirit, oh Lord God, so that we can take action with what we've heard, Lord God. Lord, we don't want to be caught, oh Lord Jesus Christ, seeking for oil. Lord, the prophet said when the when the denomination begins to seek the Holy Spirit, that we're approaching the end time, oh Lord God, because the foolish the w the foolish virgin, oh Lord God, when they started looking for the Holy Ghost, it was too late, Lord God. And Lord, we see that the denominations are starting to do these things. Oh Lord God, they're starting to want the Holy Spirit. Oh Lord, so we know that the end is so close, oh Lord God. Lord, help us, oh Lord. Help us, oh Lord, to prepare ourselves, oh Lord God. Give us revelation. Give us insight, Lord. Give us fire, oh Lord God, to live for you, oh Lord God. Lord, let us put away the the silly arguments and debates and you know, brother Brandon meant this and brother Brandon meant that and all these things and just live with the revelation, the little revelation that you give us, oh Lord God, help us just to focus on that for each and every single day, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, that we may be pleasing to you, oh Lord God, and that we may be ready at your arrival, oh Lord God. Lord, we thank you for all that you're doing. We thank you for the revelation that you've given us in meeting us at uh at this time oh Lord in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] Bless you. Praise the Lord. We certainly thank God for his word uh on tonight. And I love the the uh inspiration coming out of uh that quote of uh brother Brandon prophesying about the um the uh pope coming from the United States. And that prophecy uh happened was it 70 years ago? Something like that. roughly 70 years ago uh the prophecy uh came forth and um roughly 9 months after that prophecy that he read um the current pope was born 9 months after that in Chicago and uh and so he grabs this inspiration there the the the true church and you know just beautiful types there how we can look at scripture even um if we were to go back to Revelation chapter 2 and Revelation chapter 3. Uh it talks about these seven churches um that was Asia Minor, but they were representing you know things that were happening uh in ages to come. But uh at the end of each section to the church of Ephesus and you know Smyrna uh Pergamus, Thotira, you know, you name it. At the end of each section, it always had this thing say, uh, he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. And there was a reason that that was placed in scripture like that because um and you know I I'm not going to preach behind the preacher but real rich but um the reason that we can say to the the the Bible says to the church is because there's a false church and there's a true church and all the way in the book of Genesis we see evidence of a false church and a true church because Cain had a church and uh Abel had a church and uh and and God actually showed up to both churches and uh and he told Cain, "I don't like what y'all doing over here, but if you do what y'all what what your brother over there is doing, I'll accept that." And and it just was not in Cain. Even though he was worshiping, it just wasn't him to do it the right way. Oh, I thank God. God is looking for some folk that will worship him in spirit and in truth. Brother Quinton, God bless you, brother. I God bless you. That was that was that was real real good. Let me have uh the announcements uh for tonight. Certainly thank God for the word. I I I'm I I was thinking earlier today and and and and I I just hope this don't come out the wrong way. Uh but I feel like I and this just me. You might not feel this way, but it's me. I feel like I am eating at a spiritual smorggas board. That's just what I feel. I I've been a part of church for a long time and I've gone to some services and there's some services I left hungry. I've been in church for hours and left hungry, spiritually hungry, right? But for it just seemed like something about this season. I come to church and the Lord just know how to meet my needs every time I come. It's a spiritual smokers board. I thank God for it. Thank God for all these ministers here at Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. Certainly appreciate each one. Amen. And um I was at the beginning of the service I was listening to um just the way the the songs were being lined up and I and I I I was listening to Brother Jerry and like, "Brother Jerry coming along." Yes, he is. And uh I'm like, "Okay, we we know what you're playing over there, brother. we all done jumped. Don't even start singing it, you know. Uh, nothing better than knowing Jesus. And then then I then I I I heard uh Xander kind of catch that that uh symbol. I'm like, "Hey, he got the symbol, the snare, and the bass. Come on now, Xander. Keep it going, bro. I I I'm listening. Josiah catching the notes on the bas. This thing is kind of moving on up, you know. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very very very happy to see what God is doing. And I and I always give brother Marisa a hard time. I I told him tonight, brother, you did a good job. Did a good job. Keep it going, brother. Amen. Let me let me uh get the announcements. Amen. Uh so, Sunday morning, we will be here in prayer from 9 to 10:00. Uh our service will start at 10:30. And then Sunday school uh also will happen from 9:30 to 10 for our youth and our young adults. Uh virtual streaming will continue through Facebook as which we we can be found at SAT tabernacle. We also have streaming on our church website which is www. john423.org. And um Friday night we have a tape service uh that we'll be listening to. And I know Friday is actually a um a holiday and it just so happened to be the first Friday. So I'd encourage you if you catch it in the morning that's fine because you might be spending time with your family you know in in the evening but just sometime you know just catch uh the tape so you can catch the um inspiration just never know how the Lord might take that and bring it back to us. Uh so Friday Friday tape service will be going beyond the camp and then uh want to just kind of make mention ahead of time as we're approaching the meetings we have to make some some changes to our schedule. So the the the the Wednesday before the meetings, we won't have service here. Uh the Wednesday before the meetings, as I mentioned to the brothers, uh on that Thursday, um from 2 to 6, they have given us a window to set up all of our equipment. Uh we have a couple vendors that are coming that may need our help and unloading trucks and and putting things in place. We have to get the organ out of storage and put it there. Drums got to be set up. So much got to be done. So, if we can have all hands on deck on that Thursday from 2 to 6, we'll be at Palm Beach Garden High School trying to get all those things uh squared away. Uh also, uh we have some upcoming uh events. South Florida Choir would be rehearsing on this Saturday uh and next Saturday, Bride of Christ Tabernacle. They're in Boon Beach at 6 p.m. And um so keep that in mind. We got guest ministers that are coming our way. Uh we got brother JZ uh is coming on Sunday July 13th and then brother Gideon is following up uh on Wednesday July 16th and both of these brothers happen to be coming from Nigeria uh to be with us and they both happen to be in the states at the same time coming to Florida around the same time. Uh so we get a we get a double blessing. Amen. God going to drop something on purpose for us. So we look look forward to that. And also uh our meetings are coming up. I will restore sayaith the Lord there in um uh the towards the end of the month July 25th through 27th uh we'll be hosting the meetings at Palm Beach Gardens High School and uh in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. So keep that in mind. All right, any uh prayer requests, praise reports. Okay, I'm sorry. Uh giving is uh multiple ways. those that are inside the sanctuary, we do have a wooden box in the back that you can put your giving in as you exit or as you enter. Uh but if you want to give through one of these online methods, we have Zale, PayPal, and Cash App. We prefer Zale because they don't take fees. Uh but we do understand some cannot give through Zale. So we have uh Zale, PayPal, and Cash App. And uh if you give through Zale or PayPal, use giving at john423.org. Cash App use dollar sign spirit and truth t and uh our mailing address is on the bottom of the screen. All right. Okay. Uh any praise reports, prayer requests? Uh anyone want to share before we leave tonight? Okay. We got one hand here. I just want to thank the Lord for safe travels back home, for being with my family, and ask you to pray that I get rid of this cough. Amen. Good to have you back, sis. Man, anybody else? Okay. Um, I just uh asked you to play for the Davis family. Um, the church that we had, Brother Whiskcoll's uh funeral, um, actually was the, uh, church I went to as a boy. Um, Reverend Davis was actually my first pastor, so I know all his family. I just actually pray for him, okay? Um, for a prayer request and a praise report. Um, July 5th will actually be my 12th year of marriage to my wonderful wife. I just want to thank God for that. [Applause] Happy happy anniversary to y'all. Amen. Thank God for 12 years. Amen. Amen. And I I've just watched God bring this family from a mighty long way. God has been good to the Anderson fulf. But we appreciate y'all so much. Uh I did want to uh mention that on Sunday we will have a baptism service uh at the home. I um uh I was u asked brother uh brother wanted to see me after service on Sunday. I said okay yeah yeah. So, we sat down and talked and said, "Just been feeling like I'm my heart is drawn closer to God and read my Bible and I want to be baptized." I said, "Well, that's wonderful." I said, "I'm so happy to hear this." And it's Brother Chris um uh Sister Shonda's son-in-law uh want to be baptized. So I I was just so blessed, you know, to uh to hear how the Lord is just moving in his life. And uh so on Sunday, we'll be baptizing him uh after service. So please keep him uh in your in your prayers. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh and I I want to thank the Lord for Sister Denise uh being with us on tonight. God bless you. God bless you. Good to have you. Um, I want a a co-orker of my mom's and uh, we just thank God that she saw fit to come and be with us tonight. And I I I did want to tell you, sister, this church been praying for you and we're going to keep praying for you. So, we thank God for you. Amen. God bless you. Uh, so we'll take um, the Davis family in prayer. I heard that uh Reverend Davis uh received his great reward and uh we want to that the church has been a staple in the community for years uh Hilltop Missionary Baptist Church. So, uh, he's been, um, you know, just a a leader of the church for, uh, for so many years, and I know you took ill, but the Lord has called him home. And, Amen. We want to, uh, just remember the family in our prayers. Amen. Let's pray. Amen. Father, we are grateful for the privilege we have to be able to come here into the house of the Lord and to hear the word of God. We thank you, Father, for uh Brother Quinton just getting himself out of the way and just allowing you to use him to speak to us. Um we we just appreciate, Father, just hearing your voice. It's it's it's it's a blessing to come into the house of God and to be fed uh spiritual food in due season. Uh Father, we ask your blessings upon him that you would just give back to him as he's given uh to us tonight. Father, we want to remember the Davis family and the entire Hilltop uh church. God, they have lost uh their leader uh uh a a wonderful, wonderful man of God that has made an impact in the community and in his church. And God, as you have saw fit to call them to his great reward. We pray that for those that are left behind and God has to navigate this next season. We trust, Lord, that your spirit would bring comfort and bring strength and uh bring direction and instruction, Father, unity. Uh may that be found Lord. And we just trust, oh God, that you would get glory out of all of this. And we uh uh we we know God that nothing happens by chance or by happen stance, but you have purpose in everything that you do. And and recently we heard Lord how sometimes some people won't even come to church until there's a funeral or there's a wedding. So uh we pray that father people that dock those doors would hear the gospel and their their their spirit man would be penetrated by the word of God that is spoken. And we just trust, oh God, that you would draw hearts closer to you as the saints prepare to leave this place tonight uh but not your presence. We ask that you would go with them, that you would keep them uh from all hurt, harm, and danger. And father, may you keep us till we are able to come back together again. And we realize the enemy is attacking some of their bodies. But we rebuke that attack in the name of Jesus and pray that you bring complete and total healing to all. It's in Jesus' name that we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Uh the brothers will come at this time to dismiss you.
