################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-14 - The Simplicity of Divine Healing - Bro Nathan Bryant (11-14-2025) - Nathan Bryant.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-14
Title:    The Simplicity of Divine Healing - Bro Nathan Bryant (11-14-2025)
Speaker:  Nathan Bryant
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1V3e5lwW-8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. Let's open our Bibles to Psalms 46. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this Friday night. Praise the Lord. Psalms 46 reads, "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Salah, there is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most high. God is in the midst of her. She shall not be moved. God shall help her. And that right early, the heathen rage, the kingdoms were moved. He uttered his voice, the earth melted. The Lord of hosts is with us. Excuse me. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Salah. Come, behold the works of the Lord. What desolations he hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease until the end of the earth. He breakth the bow and cutth the spear and sunder. He burneth chariot chariot and in the fire. Be still and know that I am God. I will be be exalted among the heathen. I will be exalted in the earth. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Salah. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Almighty God, it's by your grace, Lord, we stand here tonight in your presence, Lord. Father, you watched over us all the day long, Lord Jesus. And you allowed us to come into the house of the Lord to worship you, Lord. And Father, we desire, Lord, to see you and you only, Lord, to hear from heaven, Lord. Father, we'll be careful to hear you when you speak, Lord. We're listening, Lord God, for every word you will say to us tonight, Lord. You know what we have need of, and we need more of you. So we pray for a fresh outpouring of the Holy Ghost tonight, Lord Jesus. Father, we have been taught, Lord. Therefore, we have the mechanics. We want to see the dynamics in the midst of us tonight, Lord. We're looking forward to the supernatural God being supernatural amongst us, Lord. So, Father, as we surrender ourselves to you, Lord, we pray continue to anoint the musicians, anoint this congregation, anoint brother Nathan and all of our brothers and sisters that'll be listening in. Lord, we want to be in one accord that you may have perfect preeminence in our midst. We love you, Father. We praise you and thank you for all things. We commit all things to you now in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen and amen. Amen. Let's give our God a hand clap of praise. Made a way. Say you you made a way. And we're standing here. And we're standing here only because you made a way. Standing here, not knowing how we'll get through this test. But holding on to faith, you know best. Nothing can catch you by surprise. You've got this figured out. You're watching us now. But when it looks as if we can't win. Oh, you wrap us in your arms and step in. and everything we need you. You got this in control. And now we know that you you made a way when our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. But you you made a way and we're standing here only because you made a way. Now we're here looking back on where we come from because of you and nothing we've done to deserve the love and mercy you've shown. But you is strong enough to pick us up now. When our backs were against the wall and it looks as if it was over. Lord, you you made a way and we're standing here and we're standing here only because you made you move mountains. YOU CAUSE WALLS TO FALL WITH YOUR POWER. Perform miracles. There is nothing that's IMPOSSIBLE and we're standing here only because oh you move mountains you call walls with your power perform miracles There is nothing that's IMPOSSIBLE and we're standing here only BECAUSE YOU CALL in your power perform miracles and there is nothing. That's impossible. And we're standing here only because you made say you you made a way. I don't know how, but you did it. You made a way. I don't know how much you need. I don't know how much you don't know how you don't know why you make I don't know why. Say I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know why. Say you you made a way. And we're standing here only because of you. And we're standing here only because say we're standing here only because you made the way. I want to give my best to you. I want to do what you ask me to. I want to go wherever you say. Just say the word and I'll oy. I want to live a life that's real. I want to serve you, Lord, for real, for you deserve all this and more. I give you more. I give I give you more. I want to give my best to say I want to give my best to you. I want to do what you ask me to. I want to go where you say to say the word and I want to live a life. I want to serve you long. I give you I give you Come on. You're deserving of love. You're deserving of you. You're deserving of more. You're deserving of more. You're deserving more. You're deserving more. You're deserving more. YOU'RE DESERVING of more. You're deserving of You're deserving of the Lord. Oh, you're deserving of more. You're deserving more. You're deserving more. You're deserving more. Say, "I give you more. I give you more. I give you more. I GIVE YOU MORE. I give you more. Yeah. I GIVE YOU. I GIVE YOU. I GIVE YOU. I GIVE YOU. I give you. I give you. I give you. You're deserving of more. You're deserving of more. You're deserving of more. Oh, you're deserving of more. Oh, you're deserving of more. You're deserving of more. You're deserving of more. You're deserving of more. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. I give you more. All my life, all my time, all my praise. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. I GIVE YOU MORE. HEAT. HEAT. You're deserving. You're deserving more. You're deserving more. I want to give my best to you. I want to do what you as me to do. Just say the word and I'll oy. I want to live a life that's real. I want to serve you, Lord. For you deserve all this and more. I give you more. Oh, I give I give you more. Oh. Makes no what you're going through. You're going to make it. God's going to see you through. Hold your head up. Put a smile on YOUR FACE. THIS IS ANOTHER TEST. IT WON'T last always. So get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. Get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. I know you've been hurting deep down inside. Let me encourage you. It's going to be all right. Trials and trials come to make you strong. Keep on believing. You keep holding on. So get ready. for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. Get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. God got a blessing. Yeah. Oh, God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a BLESSING WITH MY NAME ON IT. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING WITH MY NAME ON IT WITH MY NAME ON IT WITH MY NAME ON IT WITH MY NAME ON IT WITH MY NAME ON IT. GOD'S GOT a blessing. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME on it. With my name on it. With my name on it. My name is on it. My name is on it. My name is on it. My name is God's got a blessing. Oh, God's got a blessing. Hey, God got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S got a blessing with my name ON IT. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME on it with my name on it. WITH MY NAME on it. With my name on it. My name is ON IT. MY NAME IS ON IT. MY NAME is on it. My name is on it. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Whatever you have need of, God got him and he wants to give it to you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Sister, may I have the announcements real quick? The Lord, we have service Sunday morning. I'm about to skip everything. I used to read this part. We start with prayer at 8:30 to to 9:30 a.m. Sunday school will be from 8:45 to 9:15 and service will start at 9:30. We will be streaming via uh Facebook at SAT Tabernacle and the church's website, john423.org. Brother Nathan is here tonight and he will be here Sunday morning. Amen. So, we want to be praying for him now and praying for the service. Sunday morning, we have musicians rehearsal next Friday at 7 p.m. November 21st. And then upcoming services, uh, House of Fellowship, they're having their anniversary meetings. Uh, the address is here at the top, brother, um, Daniel Steman. It'll be Friday, December 5th at 7 p.m., Saturday, December 6th at 5:00 p.m. and Sunday, December 7th at 11:00 a.m. And Shane, excuse me, Shakana Living Word Tabernacle, they're having their anniversary services also with brother Mario Lusma. Their address is here at the bottom of the screen as well. Uh, their services will be Friday, December 5th at 7 pm. Saturday, December 6th at 7 pm and Sunday, December 7th at 10:00 a.m. As for our giving, there's a wooden box in the back directly outside the double doors here. Uh, you can leave your giving there if you haven't already. There's three ways of giving online. Zel, PayPal, and Cash App. We prefer that you use Zel. They don't have any fees associated with it. The email address you would use for both zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. For cash app, it's dollar sign spirit andtruth t. And for those who desire to mailing your given, the address is there at the bottom of the screen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Precious Lord, we bow again our hearts, our heads before you, Lord, being ever so grateful for your grace, Lord. Thank you Lord God again for the service that we have tonight. Now Lord we present to you our giving Lord Jesus according to your word. Father we pray your blessings upon it. May it be used for the upbuilding of the kingdom. Father God Father we pray for our brothers and sisters that could not make it here tonight. Lord it's good to see Sister Cobb here. She wasn't feeling well. But we continue to pray for brother and sister Capers. Lord Jesus and Sister Dixon. Lord Father asking that you would touch them. Lord, we pray for Sister Zelma. We haven't seen her. Lord, we're praying, oh God, that you meet every need that she has. Father, bless your people. Bless Brother Nathan tonight, Lord Jesus. Anoint them aresh, Lord. Father, may you fill them once again. Give them a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Lord, speak to them and through them, Lord God, that we may hear your word and believe, Father. We love you so much and we're grateful, Lord, for what you're about to do in this service. We commit all things to you now. In the precious and lovely name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Will you stand with me? Amen. We're going to invite brother Jack to come at this time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It is the sweetest name I know. Oh, how I love the name Jesus. Oh, how I love the name Jesus. It is a sweetest call. Something about the name. Something about the name Jesus. It is the sweetest name. Say, "Oh, how I love the name Jesus. Oh, how I love the name Jesus. Oh, say there's something about something about it is say, "Oh, how I love the name Jesus." Oh, it is the sweetest name. Something about the name Jesus. Something about that name. It is the sweetest name. Say, oh, it is a sweetest name. Hey, it is the sweetest name. Hey, sing. Oh, it is the sweetest. Yes, it is. One more time. Oh, wo. It is Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love the name G. Oh, how I love the name. It is the sweetest name. Hey, say, "Oh, how I love the name Jesus. Oh, how I love the name. It is the sweetest name. Something about the name Jesus. Something about that name. It is the sweetest name. It is the sweetest I know. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Why don't you just turn around and greet somebody? Say, "So good to see you in the house of the Lord on tonight." Amen. Blessed be his holy name. You can just have a a seat just for a moment. Amen. Amen. Amen. Good to be in God's house. Amen. Good things happen when we come to God's house. Praise the Lord. Amen. I um uh certainly am uh grateful uh to have our brother Nathan with us on tonight and uh as you all know he's a very very uh dear friend of mine and uh came and uh he's been coming for years you know coming um and um you know over uh over the years the Lord has used this ministry here in this area for many of the saints. Uh God has just answered his prayer for for many. And um as we were just I was preparing my lesson for Wednesday night, I um I was looking at my notes on on Tuesday night and and as I'm going through my notes, I saw this testimony there of something that happened that Brother Nathan prayed and my my wife had lost her telephone and we couldn't find it. and he prayed a prayer that was connected to what we were teaching on on Wednesday night and and all that kind of came back to me and I said, "You know what? I forgot that brother Nathan was coming and and um you know, I knew that we were having a service, but I just didn't put together to have this time where we could have a a prayer line. Uh and uh so uh I got that out to you all late and I do apologize for that. But I will say this that um uh those that were able to come and those were that were able to respond, I believe God has something special uh for you. Amen. And if you want to stand in for somebody else, that's that's that's perfectly fine as well. Uh I believe God honors um uh that type of faith as well. And uh but I wanted to read a a quote and and I'm happy to have uh Brother Phillip, it's Brother Nathan's oldest son, Amen. and with us uh tonight as well. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh I want to just read a a a quick quote, something that I was looking at today and um out of the Patmas vision and if you would just put in the information uh let me just use another illustration. Let me just use another illustration. Um, we should see this coming out of the Patmas vision. Um, brother Brandon makes a statement here and what he's um uh he's talking about getting into the spirit and uh if we were um able to, you know, just get into the the spirit like I say the first step there is getting in the spirit. uh if we get into the right channel, the right spirit, the right anointing, I want to tell you it's unlimited what God can do uh in our midst tonight. It's all in how we approach the service. Um you know, if if if I would have if if um if Brother Brandham was still uh uh around and I would have come on Wednesday night and say, "Brother Brandon going to be here on Friday night. He going to be praying for the sick." folk would have tried to get everybody into the house of the Lord, right? I mean, they would have they would have went through great extremes to get people to the house of the Lord, no matter what the condition was. If I would have said Jesus Christ himself was going to be here, folk would have got a cot and put their friends on a cot and brought the cot to the church. If they couldn't get inside the church, they would have towed the roof off. Th this is what happen when we when we're in the right channel, the right spirit, right? And uh but you know, I I realize sometimes, you know, things, you know, a little different, but we want to kind of approach it because God is using brother Nathan's ministry and he would use anybody here. He used my ministry and any of the other brother's ministry here uh if we all came in the right spirit. So, I want to just read this, Amen. this quote here um for you just before he would come and preach. I want you to just get yourself in the right spirit for God to do something tonight. I don't think this this service is by chance. I don't think it's by accident. Uh some of y'all been dealing with little things here and there for a long time. Tonight can be your night that it's over. Now I'm going to read the quote and the quote going to tell you that it's over. Watch this. Says, let me just uh use another illustration. Suppose you need healing. says, "What does the word say?" Well, we have all read it countless times, but did not get in the spirit when reading it. Did we ask God for his spirit to teach us the real truth of it? If we did, we would call the elders, confess our sins, be anointed and prayed for, and that would be that. All right. So he says we would call the elders. And that's what the scripture say. If anyone's sick among you, let him call for the elders of the church. Actually, we stop doing that. We don't even call anymore. But you call and you ask for prayer. The other thing says that you're supposed to do is be anointed with oil. The prayer of faith would save the sick. They shall pray the prayer of faith. And the prayer of faith would save the sick. And the Bible says that they shall recover. Right? This is what this is the scripture. He says, "But we got to get into the spirit of what the word is saying to us if we want to see the results of what God promised to us." He says, "If we did, we would call the elders, confess our sins, be anointed, and prayed for, and that would be that." He says it might not come immediately, but in his spirit, it is all over. I'm telling you, if we would come tonight and accept this, I don't care what it is. After tonight, you can declare it is over. It is over. It is over. Hallelujah to the lamb of God. And and and I'm I'm declaring it. And when you if you're standing on behalf of somebody else, stand with that promise that it is over. After you come through that prayer line, it is over. No matter what the doctors say, right? No matter what report you hear, it is over. You must declare that. You must decree that out of your own mouth. We brother brother Solomon had sent a quote out uh early today and and and I I don't um it was just some something where brother Brandon was saying sometimes your back is against the wall and and and what God is expecting you to do when that happens is you to open your mouth and begin to speak speak your way out of what you're in. &gt;&gt; Can I say that again? Speak your way out of what you're in cuz you have that type of power inside of you. Right. My demons move at what you say. Just like they moved at what Jesus said, demons move at what you say. And sometime God have to let a little tension come so you can exercise your authority as a son and as a daughter of God. Amen. So tonight I'm I'm I'm under expectation that God is going to meet us here. Uh and uh when when it's time for uh the prayer line uh to happen, we'll have everyone coming down this right aisle. um the the deacons will anoint you and then we'll have you pass through and um and and and you know just come expecting to receive be in the spirit as you come and you know I think the rest of that quote uh there was some other instructions that he said here uh okay yeah let's let me finish reading this says it might not come immediately but in his spirit it is all over there's no other court of appeal God will fulfill his word. He says, "Oh, we need to get in the spirit and and then things will be done." Don't go through the acts first. Get in the spirit and then go through the acts and watch what God will do. So, don't go through the acts first. That's not getting you in the spirit, but really get in the Lord, this is what you promise. I'm coming according to your word. You say they will lay hands on the sick and they shall recover, God. And I'm coming according to what you said. And if you come with that type of attitude, it's over. It is over. Praise God. Let's stand. Amen. And let's uh prepare our hearts to receive uh God's servant tonight as he would come. Amen. In his own way. Amen. I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, was blind, but now I see. Come on, everybody sing an amazing grace. Amazing grace, how sweet like me. Oh, I once I was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, I was blind, but now, oh, thank God I'm free. Let's sing it this way together. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. And amen. He's worthy of our praise. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, musicians. God bless you. Psalm 107, if you want to go ahead and turn to it. You pray for my voice tonight. As you can tell, the enemy has been fighting with that all day. But boovil, &gt;&gt; amen. I already told brother Jimmy on the way in, but brother Troy, my dad sends his greetings and he said he's having a hard time eating all that food at Hubers by himself, so he needs you to come help him. Amen. Good to be in church tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Certainly appreciate Spirit and Truth Tabernacle and we have uh as brother Jack said, it's been a long time. I did my math wrong. He was at our church here not too long ago and I did my math wrong on it. I had the right year but I did the wrong math. But 2001 is when I met brother Jack and uh we came in the brother west goes there and he was leading songs and brother Trevor and I got to meet him and got his email address and we started fellowshipping and sending quotes back and forth to one another and he came out of a very different background than me and brother Trevor came out of a very different background than us and and yet we we kept fellowshipping around the word and said you see this the same way. Praise praise the Lord. And so it was a just a wonderful fellowship that way, getting to know each other. And then uh he started having us in to preach for him and then he'd take us around to different different places when brother Trevor and I were just young evangelists. And so we've appreciated his support over the years. Brother Jack has dedicated multiple church buildings for us and and he's he's loaned us an organ player for a while now. and he's been we we we uh brought an organ all the way to Florida for him one time and so amen. It's good good that brothers dwell together in unity. So we've certainly appreciated our brother and and love him and and the whole Duff family and all of you that we've got to know and my is glad to come in here brother Solomon singing. I love the gift that that the Lord has given him. And &gt;&gt; so it's just we're we're thankful for good friends and I know many of you have traveled many miles over the years coming to our meetings and things and we we always enjoy seeing everyone and and certainly good to be with you again. It's an honor and a privilege. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Psalm 107 and verse 20. He sent his word &gt;&gt; and healed them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And delivered them from their destructions. Oh, that men would praise the Lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe God still moves like that. &gt;&gt; He sent his word and healed them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I I've seen in my own ministry over the years, one time right here in West Palm Beach and several times at our church back home, not even lay hands on somebody, not even pray for them, just be reading scriptures and quotes about healing and somebody be healed in the building instantly. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He sent his word and healed them. And so we believe that there's still healing power in the name of Jesus. And that if you can just anchor your faith in the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. We we're going to have a prayer line tonight, Lord will. And but I believe you can be healed before the prayer line even happens. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, truly, Lord, it's it's an honor to be back in West Palm Beach again with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. Lord, how many fond memories that we have over the years being here and brother Jack and the different believers coming our way. Lord, we we love them and we we thank you for their fellowship. And Lord, so many testimonies and memories that we could share is would take up more than a service just in that. And we're thankful for it, Lord. We're thankful, Lord, many times. times that we've laughed together, times that we've cried together, times that we've worshiped the Lord together. Lord, we're just thankful, Lord, for friends like this. And I thank you for this atmosphere, Lord, for your presence. Lord, I pray that you'd be with us tonight, Lord. And just take complete control of the service, Lord. Help me to get myself out of the way so that you could speak whatever it would be that you would have me to say, Father. And Lord, we just commit the service into your hands for your glory in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. You can be seated tonight. And I would just ask uh my sister-in-law from Delaware had text me um before the service actually on our drive here and had had requested that we remember their granddaughter in prayer. My brother Allan and my sister-in-law Denise up in Delaware. They have a little granddaughter named Payton. and she uh she was born uh with some of the enzymes that produce your muscles and muscle strength and things. She was very very lacking in those. And so she's had to have enzyme injections and surgeries and different things. And they just did a surgery here a few months ago that they were expecting to really help improve her walking and things, but instead it's actually set her back a little with her walking to where she's having a hard time walking unassisted. And so they just requested that I'd ask the church um while we were here for you all to be praying for her as well. And my my I know I hope you can suffer through with my voice tonight. It's uh if you'd have heard it this morning, it sounds really good compared to what it was this morning. So thank the Lord for that. And I didn't know how we were going to make it through tonight for sure. But the Lord is faithful. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's He's never let me down. I've let him down many times, but he has never let me down. And I'm thankful for that. We want to look at this thought for just a little while tonight. And with the prayer line, uh Lord willing, at the end, we'll try to keep it just a little shorter than normal. Um that's not a promise, that's an attempt. But uh we want to look at this thought of the simplicity of divine healing. And I got that from a quote. We I was looking at this thought of simplicity uh with the church back home for several weeks. And and we went into this as well. And I when I was looking at this thought of simplicity, I I picked up this quote in at thy word Lord in 1954. Brother Bam says, "The simplicity of divine healing is such a simple thing." The simplicity of divine healing is such a simple thing. And uh in this thought of simplicity as I was talking to the church back home, I I was thinking along these lines that I as pastors, you know, we get questions from people and we're always open to that and and brother Jack no doubt gets many as well and and as you know, he's traveled all around the world at this point and you make connections overseas and other states and countries and and so sometimes not even from our own congregations, But we'll get questions from people in Canada or India or different places and and and so uh we're always open to try to help with a question. But I find that a lot of the questions that get asked really as far as along as we are as message believers, they shouldn't even be questions that are being asked anymore. And I think part of that is sometimes it's the lack of teaching that you go other places and and people, you know, recognize, well, this this brother's solid in the word and and so they ask a question, you think, how have they never heard these things before? Other times it's not on the ministry, but maybe they're sitting right under a really good solid minister, but they're not they're not listening and they're, you know, checking Facebook or checking their stock prices or checking their uh social media or whatever it be uh in the service instead of really entering in and seeing what the Lord would have for them. And so then they ask a question, you think, I know I know they've said under things and heard I I I get questions from my own congregation. And I think I I preached five services on this last year and I know you were at some of them, but people sometimes aren't paying attention. And sometimes that's just the enemy. Sometimes it's not intentional. Sometimes they've got something going on at work or at at school or something and they're trying to enter into the service and the devil's just bombarding their mind. Oh, but you've got this meeting tomorrow or you've got this test tomorrow or you got this or you got that. And so many times uh we we fail to really catch what is being done at the service the word that's going forth and the atmosphere and things because the devil tries to get us so distracted and our attention spans anymore sadly you know people go they they don't want to watch them uh you know used to you'd have to preach on people for watching movies all the time anymore they they don't have the attention span hardly to watch a movie that they're watching shorts on YouTube 10-second shorts and on to the next one I'm bored with this one it's been 9 seconds let's move on to the next one and then we expect to preach for 50 minutes or an hour or an hour and 30 minutes or however long you know the brother preaches and the people to receive it and sometimes people's attention spans is just difficult. So, I was preaching Sunday morning and I looked out and I saw, you know, you'll have people fall asleep in church and sometimes it's somebody elderly that's struggling with that or sometimes it's somebody that has a medical condition that they're struggling with it or sometimes it's because they stayed up till 4 in the morning on their phone and and they didn't sleep good before service that night and and so, you know, we'll have people not off. But I looked out on the congregation Sunday morning, there was about five people asleep simultaneously. And I'd never seen that before. I've seen maybe two people asleep at the same time, but five people that I saw, you know, just asleep. And so I said, "Goodness, I'm gonna have to do something different this morning. I'm going have to run down the aisles or something to get your attention." And then when I said that, everybody, you know, oh, they were they were they were awake then the rest of the service trying to So, uh, you see different things that people face. But I I wonder many times if the reason why some of these questions are asked is because we've taken something that should have been so simple and over complicated it. And when you see that, I'm going to read you a quote. Well, let me just skip ahead a little bit here. And I want to go ahead and read that quote right now if I can find it. Brother Benham says um he makes this statement. He's he's in a prayer in Revelation book of symbols in 1956 and he says, "God, may we never never be guilty of making the gospel so complicated to people that they think it was a man instead of God." In other words, let's not make it so complicated that people look and say, "Oh my, what a great teacher brother so and so is or what a you what a deep preacher brother so and so is or whatever." And many times when we do that and you see I I was talking with brother Danny Steman. I had preached for him Wednesday night on the way here and we got a chance to go to lunch on Thursday and I was talking to him and we were talking about some of the different things that rise up that are just absolutely cultish but they rise up in the name of the message or associated with the message. And it's not we don't just see it here in the States. You see it in Africa. You see it in Trinidad. You see it in India. You see it in Canada. You see it in South America and somebody will raise up uh some personality or somebody that has an ID or whatever it be. And they form these little personality cults and then they think they're somebody and they have to have something a little different than everybody else to get their attention. You hear brothers make statements like, "Oh, nobody teaches this the way that I teach it." And I that scares me a little bit because if nobody else is teaching it that way, well, the word hasn't changed in a long time and God is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. So if God is not quickening it to anybody else, then it may be somebody that's quickened it to you besides God. &gt;&gt; Uh you may have Eve's interpreter trying to give you some type of explanation. and and people I've seen it. You know, we have the purest word that has been since St. Paul and the Lord Jesus were here on the face of the earth. And then because of denomination and tradition and creeds, the word got watered down for 2,000 years. And then we had a great restoration in this age, the most purest word that we could imagine. and that brought us out of our traditions that brought us out of our denominational creeds and man's ideas and traditions and and and brought us back to the authority of the word and a resurrected Lord Jesus, not a God of the past, but a present tense Lord Jesus. The message lifted him up out of history and proved that he wasn't just back there on the shores of Galilee, but that God is still present tense today. And then to go from that and and to have that type of restoration and then for us to just try to take it back into something got to have something extracurricular to try to be different and try to bind the people back to some man's idea or some man's opinion or some tradition. It's heartbreaking, friends. And you see it and you see people fall for that hook, line, and sinker when we have a pure word in its simplicity. And then people come up with all kinds of ideas and all kinds of conclusions and try to tell you you can be a message believer and be a polygamist or you can be a a message believer and do all this and do all that. Or or that that to be a message believer, you've got to do this, this, and this. And to have the Holy Ghost, you have to sit under their ministry. and you have to come through this and you have to do this and you have to meet their 10 steps of whatever their expectations are. But the Bible says if you want to receive the Holy Ghost, repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. So when somebody says, "Well, if you aren't affiliated with us or you don't go to our church or you don't sit under our ministry or you don't see this doctrine the same way we do, then you're not bride." Well, that's just a fear tactic. &gt;&gt; They want you to be afraid that if you don't do what they're doing, then you may just not be bright. And I've seen people even just recently fall away to things like that because in the world they call it FOMO, fear of missing out. &gt;&gt; And there's people that are so afraid if I don't do what brother so and so says or I don't attend this church or I don't believe this doctrine, then so and so said I can't be bribed. Well, um, you know, not just so and so, but the Lord Jesus said the elect cannot be deceived. Amen. And he also said the Bible said that how to be saved, how to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And so when somebody comes to me and says, "You got to do it some other way." I think something's wrong with the formula. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; They're adding something to the formula. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; It won't come out the right way. And so we want to keep it the way that it was in the simplicity of it. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; God's a present help in time of trouble. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're all right, brother. I was just going to lay him. Now the simplicity of divine healing is such a simple thing. Many of the things in the word are so simple and then people over complicate it to where I get questions not just randomly but over and over youth camps, family camps, our own church. I get questions like, "Brother Nathan, how do I know that I have the Holy Ghost? How do I know that I've been saved? Brother Nathan, what about this doctrine over here? What about that?" And it's because people have tried to over complicate the simplicity of the word. Uh, you know, if we take it back to salvation, you know, Billy Graham had a a very good program on just getting people to the Lord Jesus Christ and getting them saved. Very simple. Accepting what the Lord Jesus did for you on Calvary, accepting the the paid sacrifice that his blood is sufficient for you. It's the same for healing. Brother Brandham said, it's a dual atonement. healing and salvation that the blood of Jesus Christ paid for that 2,000 years ago. Your healing is already paid for. You don't have to be good enough. You don't have to be right enough. You don't have to be smart enough. None of those things. It is a paid work at Calvary. &gt;&gt; There was nothing you could do to save yourself. That's why you needed the blood of Jesus. &gt;&gt; So, somebody said, "Well, if I could just be good enough, you can't be." Brother Bram said he was talking to brother Charlie Cox's dad. Brother Brham called him Papa Cox and he said, "Papa," he said, "why don't you come down and get baptized." He said, "Oh, Brother Brandham, I would if I could just be good enough." And brother Brandham said, "If you can find where you can go to get good enough, you let me know because I need it, too." &gt;&gt; All right. All right. &gt;&gt; No way we could be good enough. And he said, "Brother Brother Charlie's dad there, he was still smoking cigarettes." &gt;&gt; Wow. and he came down and baptized him. And he said a lot of people gave him grief about it because he said, "Here he is still smoking cigarettes and getting baptized." He said, "You get baptized and the cigarettes will take care of themselves." &gt;&gt; And so he baptizes this man and the man begins to get sick and he's in the hospital and somebody goes and gets him a pack of cigarettes and brings them to him and he said, "Don't bring me no more. I don't want it anymore." And the Lord just took it from him. &gt;&gt; So sometimes we get the cart before the horse. The Philippian jailer said, "Men and brethren, what can we do to be saved?" And brother Bam said, "We would have told him, don't do this, don't do that, don't do this, don't do that." And he said, "That's not what Paul did. He told him what to do." And he knew if he did what he was supposed to do, then the things that he wasn't supposed to do would take care of themselves. Yet I wonder many times around the message and I I I see it especially in our young people. It becomes a burden and and we're a little off topic but yet we're not totally off topic. &gt;&gt; Uh it becomes a burden to the young people because we look at our young people who have grown up in the message but maybe haven't had a real experience with the Lord Jesus yet. they haven't been filled with the Holy Ghost. And we look at them and we expect them to act like they have the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; when they don't have the Holy Ghost yet. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And if we're not careful, we make little Pharisees out of them. That's right. &gt;&gt; And not only our children, but sometimes new converts, they come in and we want to tell them, "If you'll just stop cutting your hair and if you'll just stop wearing pants and you'll just stop smoking your cigarettes and you'll just stop painting your nails and you'll just stop wearing your shorts and you just stop take those earrings out." And we tell them all these things and we give them the scriptures for it. And many times they do an outward work, which is that's nice, but they do an outward work before there's been any inward work. And then we wonder why a year later we find them back in the world. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Because they got tired of pretending &gt;&gt; because brother said a Pharisee meant an actor &gt;&gt; to act that you're something that you're not. &gt;&gt; And I believe we should do all those things. I think if somebody comes in has a question, I see the sisters wearing these long dresses. Why are they wearing those? I think we should take a scripture and show them to them. But if we just beat them over the head with the word when they first come in, uh then first of all, if we even convince them that that's right, we're just convincing them intellectually. And people I found in in the 14 years that I've been ministering, I found that pe most people, the vast majority of people are not stupid. &gt;&gt; Now, there's some people that, you know, we just we don't even need to go there. There was a small percentage of people, they're just they're just stupid. But the vast majority of people are not stupid. &gt;&gt; And many times we insult their intelligence by acting like they're stupid. &gt;&gt; Right, brother? &gt;&gt; But somebody will come into a church like this and they can look around and see pretty quickly how you believe. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; They can see how the sisters dress. &gt;&gt; They can see how the brothers dress and cons and conduct themselves. They can see how you treat one another and how you have church order, which in this day and age is my what a what a miracle that that is. And they see what you're emphasizing on. They see, brother Jack, get up and refer to a prophet of God and read quotes and read scriptures and talk about the right way to baptize. They don't have to be here very long until they know, hey, I I see what they're saying. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't have to push it down their throat. And then if there's something that's hungering in there, then that will raise up in there and they'll say, "I I want more of this." &gt;&gt; And they'll begin to ask you, "What about this? What about that?" You've seen them come in like that. And when they do, then that is an inward work that will produce itself on the outside. But what we don't want is just to get educated Pharisees &gt;&gt; and just, you know, they look like a believer on the outside, but on the inside they're still doubters and they still want to do all the other things that they used to do. And and and so I believe that we need to create an atmosphere as believers to where it does it isn't so deep. Now, I know sometimes we we have we teach on things that sometimes it's good to go back through and talk about the seals and things like that, but I believe, you know, at our church, I I've tried to tell our brothers, look, if you plow so deep that you've got to be in the message for 40 years and have a, you know, 701 degree in message theology to understand what you're saying, you're going to lose most of the people. I had a brother preach here a while back for me and even some of our minister brothers came to me after service and said, "What was he saying? cuz he tried to preach so deep. Well, if our minister brothers aren't catching it, I guarantee you 98% of the rest of the congregation isn't catching it. So, what good did it do? Made him look like he must be real deep. He must be real smart. But what good did it do? What did it help? And I found, you go back and listen to tapes. I've been listening to tapes as far back as I can remember. 3, four years old. I remember as a little boy uh 8 years old, 9 years old, I would take my allowance that my dad was giving me. Dad didn't want me to go to to a public school or a private school. I I was the baby by far and he was very protective of me and mom had taken me to this Christian school and we kind of did an interview there and she liked the curriculum and and liked the people and she wanted to put me in that school and dad didn't want me to go there and mom looked at the curriculum and it was actually a homeschool curriculum they were using. She said, "I think I could do that." And so I wanted to go and be with young people and things like that. He said, "Look, if you" This was in 1987, I guess. He said, "If if you'll stay home and let mom homeschool you, I'll give you $10 allowance a week." Well, had I known what I know now, I would have negotiated up because that Christian school was a lot more expensive than her buying the curriculum and doing it at home. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. But in 1987, none of my friends had a $10 allowance a week. So I said, "All right." And so I had that allowance. And sometimes I'd go down, I'd buy something at the store. I I'd go down I I like Michael Jordan at the time. I'd go down and we had a we had a uh oh, it was a Ben Franklin store. And you could buy the cards in the packages or they'd have some of the special edition cards already out of the package and put in little protective cases and you could buy them for more. I go down and spend my allowance on that sometimes and different things and I've still got a lot of Michael Jordan cards that I'm hoping are going to be worth a lot of money someday. But they're still sitting in my shed stacked up in little protective cases and and uh not that I want anything to happen to him, but I just hope they're worth something someday. And so, but sometimes I'd take that allowance and about nine miles from our house was Voice of God Recordings. And we'd go down there and at the time I didn't know it was going to be my wife's grandmother, but but my wife's grandmother, sister Dodd, she was the secretary at the desk there. And when you'd come in the building, her desk was on the left there, and there was a hallway and a staircase, the old voice of God there, and and the quadrangle years ago. And then to the right, they had this big open room. And around the room they had these big metal drawers. Were you ever there back then, Brother Jack, when it was like that? And you'd go over and they had them 47 started over here in the left corner and it wrapped all the way around these drawers. You'd pull out these big metal drawers and they had cassette tapes in there. And I remember going and pulling out those drawers and sometimes I'd have to stand on my tiptoes to peek in the taller ones and picking out some of the cassette tapes and going over there and laying them down and buying them with my own allowance. And I want to say it was a good investment. It was a good investment because I still remember some of the tapes we I played here at the church recently. Uh Word Made Flesh India Trip report and I remember that tape specifically and Jubilee Year and One in a Million and a few of those cassette tapes. I remember picking out and buying with my own allowance money and I listened to them and I listened to them and you know what the Bible said? Raise up a child in the way it'll go and it won't depart from it. And so even as a 8-year-old boy or 5year-old boy or whatever it be, I remember hearing things, hearing quotes, hearing and I wasn't understanding it all and I wasn't retaining it all, but I was retaining some of it and I was understanding some of it. And so I I remember that and and I I think back and I realize the way brother Brandon presented things, he had a seventh grade education. The way that he presented things was so simple that uh you know a a a grade schooler could receive it and understand it and we could grasp it. And he would talk about you know he he would talk about great deep things like the Godhead and a seven-year-old could sit there and say that makes sense because he was bringing it in a simple way. Jesus when Jesus had his ministry here for three and a half years you know what it said it didn't say kphosis and all the theological society said oh we love your preaching it said the common people heard him go simple way that the people could understand and not go over their heads and so I'm afraid many times we over complicate the word and sometimes we use great terminology and things and people sit there and scratch their head and don't even know what we're talking about when it's the simplicity that really is is what catches our attention and really sticks with us. Brother Beam says in God hiding himself in simplicity in 1963, we stumble over simplicity. That's how we miss God is by stumbling over simplicity. Now, I don't know how Brother Jack and the other minister brothers are, but for me, uh, you know, sometimes you'll get a sermon that the Lord is laying on your heart, and the devil will just beat you over the head about it. And usually it's because it's something simple, and the devil will say, "That's so simple. Everybody knows that. Nobody needs to hear that." And uh those are the sermons that usually I tell the devil, you know what? you were wrong last time, so you're I'm I'm betting you're wrong again. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But some of those simple sermons like we're looking at tonight. The simplicity of divine healing. Well, that's simple. That's something that we all should knowe quite a bit about. But we're having a prayer line at the end of the service. And so when we do that, I like to have something that's just grounding us on simple faithbuing things about the word. And I find those sermons. Now, you've got some people that you you preach some a little bit deeper uh teaching type sermon. You've got a few people they'll migrate to that and they'll say, "Oh, praise God. That was that was great. That was one of our favorites." But most of the people I find, I'll preach something that the devil has beat me about for days that is so simple and so unnecessary. And I'll get up and preach that. And I'll have text message after text message and people meeting me in the parking lot saying, "Brother Nathan, you have no idea how much we needed that." &gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. &gt;&gt; The simplicity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, over the years, we've looked at things on the family, you know, siblings and parents and children and spouses and different things, different relations there and and and different things on the family that Brother Brandon brings out and and different personal experiences and things. And we've looked at that over the years. But as I was looking, we were on a little series on Wednesday night on encouragers. And I began to look at some things on the family. And again, the devil beat me up so bad. And and you know, I really didn't have I felt like quite enough material for that first sermon. And he said, "You don't even have enough material for a sermon, and you don't have anything to say." And that we just had everything that could go wrong went wrong at the house that day. And and you you know, then he began to beat me up. you're not even the right attitude to bring something like this. And and he just poured it on all day. And I I almost multiple times, Brother Jack, I almost backed out and said, "You know what? We'll just play a tape tonight or I'll see if one of the brothers has something on their heart last minute." Almost backed out multiple times through the day. And I got there and I said, "You know what, Boo Devil? We're going to preach this anyhow." &gt;&gt; And I had a sister meet me. I went downstairs after service to my office and I had a sister meet me before I could get to my office and she said, "Brother Nathan, my husband and I have been praying for two weeks that you would preach a series on the family." &gt;&gt; And I got a text before I got in my car and a brother said, "Brother Nathan, my wife and I have had to make some decisions for our children and we've been praying about it and trying to believe that we're making the right decisions, but the devil was just trying to make us uncertain about it. And you went through each decision we made in that sermon and confirmed everything that we were doing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So boo devil. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Sometimes it's the simple things. &gt;&gt; Sometimes, you know, when it when it's a friendship, &gt;&gt; when it's somebody in need. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, and sometimes we don't have the words. Sometimes somebody's going through a divorce or they've had a a a child die or a spouse die or a parent die or something and they're going through something. Well, well, what words do you say at a time like that? You can send them scriptures and quotes and but what do what do we say? We don't have the words at a time like that. Or maybe somebody's gone through a devastating, you know, something a a catastrophe, a house fire, or or they've they've uh had a loved one backslide, or they've, you know, uh had had some type of a situation in in their life. They they've got an, you know, the doctor's pronounced them that they have an incurable, as far as the doctor would say, disease or, you know, all all types of bad news that could hit them or or or whatever it be. they get a bad report on their mental state or whatever. And and you know, sometimes we don't have the words to say at a time like that, but I found just a simple action like showing up &gt;&gt; and being there for him, &gt;&gt; going and visiting them when they're in the hospital &gt;&gt; or just going and sitting with them and I I don't know what to say, buddy, but I'm here for you &gt;&gt; in a time like that is something that'll stick with them more than all the words we can say. That is simple. I told our boys when they started work, and I wasn't I'm not a prophet. I wasn't prophesying, but I'm on that spectrum. This I'm not in the stupid spectrum. Amen. I may not be the smartest, you know, I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but I I do know a few things. And I told our boys, they started working at Chick-fil-A, and Philips moved on to another job, and Nathaniel's moving up there, and he's become a trainer, and they're wanting him to be a manager. And Philip's at a Jersey Mike's, and they're wanting him to be a manager there. And and so I told the boys when they started, I said, "Look, you don't you don't have to be the smartest person at the job there." And and and you don't have to you don't have to work yourself to death. If you will just show up &gt;&gt; and put a smile on your face &gt;&gt; and be agreeable, &gt;&gt; you have a great future in the business world ahead of you &gt;&gt; because people are doing everything they can out here just to get somebody to show up and not treat their customers nasty. &gt;&gt; So just showing up is is a pretty good thing. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's that's that doesn't just go for that doesn't just go for jobs. Hey, I'm thankful somebody showed up tonight. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful when we get up to preach that we're not just preaching at polls and balloons and pictures on the back door. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful there was more than that, Brother Solomon. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful there were some breathing people in the seats. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful you showed up. Oh my. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful, you know, that I had parents that would show up when I needed them. You know, when you're a kid and you're trying your best, maybe you're have going through having a graduation or having a maybe you're in baseball, little league or whatever it be. It's it's nice when your parents just show up or the grandparents or whoever it was. Now, they may not be the greatest. They they may not have been a basketball player or baseball player, whatever. They may not be able to coach you through and give you all the wisdom in the world, but just showing up, there's something about it. &gt;&gt; That's encouraging. So, I'm thankful for people that show up. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You hear phrases that people say, especially older older people. I'm not going to point out anybody specifically, but maybe maybe Sister Burrs or Sister Mima, you might hear them say things like, "Those were simpler times. All right. &gt;&gt; Those were simpler times. &gt;&gt; And and they that that's something that they're they're nostalgic about. Oh, it was just a time where you could sit on the front porch and you knew your neighbors names and and you know, people would walk by and wave and say, "God bless you." And and you know, there wasn't all the road rage and and all this and people going out of their minds. Those were simpler times. &gt;&gt; The simplicity. People make statements like, "Give me the simple life." &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; What do they mean? They mean they want to move to an island off of Florida and just sit on their front porch and watch the ocean roll in. &gt;&gt; Give me the simple life. &gt;&gt; Just give me or or give me a, you know, a front porch swing or a rocking chair and and a cup of coffee and, you know, hey, so a cup of coffee and and your Bible and some time with Jesus. There's hardly anything that can replace that. That's pretty simple. Most people can do that. Maybe you don't have a oceanfront view. Maybe you don't have a front porch swing. Maybe you have a little 3x3 balcony off of your apartment. Or maybe you have a little uh 12 by 12 cement patio back of your house or whatever it be. But you can still take your coffee and your Bible and spend some time with Jesus out there. And those simple times, that simple life is some of our greatest memories. Some of the most relaxing, most enjoyable things. We we love taking our family on vacation and doing nice things and and you know sometimes we spend probably more money than we should on those things. But some of our our best memories are not always things or are not always expensive things for sure. But you know what I love more than about anything except the presence of the Lord. One of the things as far as in the natural that I love more than about anything is a beautiful fall day back home. Now I know here you know but sister sister Bers knows what I'm talking about. when the leaves begin to change back home. She's been there in October and seen it and took some leaves home. Just a beautiful fall day. Something about it. Uh, you know, a good cup of coffee. You know, that's not very I mean anymore it's a little expensive maybe, but but it's not it's not something that's going to bankrupt you. There's something about it's just something simple, but it can be a good experience. Going for a walk or going for a drive. My son Philip, he gets that from me. He just sometimes if he's stressed out, he say, "Dad, I'm going for a drive. All right. &gt;&gt; You know, a little bit of gas money, but it's not going to it's not going to shock the bank. &gt;&gt; Just something simple. Going to a park and walking around. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Going We like to go and walk around. That's another thing Sister Birds and Sister Cobb have have have experienced going to the some of the festivals back home and walking around. Simple things like that. the simplicity and we we're so busy and so hectic and got to go here and got to go there, but but sometimes just the simplicity to slow down and stop and as we would say, smell the roses, &gt;&gt; breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth. &gt;&gt; There's a simplicity of it about &gt;&gt; God hiding himself in simplicity. Brother Bam says, God does not reveal himself in greatness as we call greatness. God, when he came in human form, he didn't come as some great massive king with a crown on his head and great flowing robes. He came as a baby in a manger in a stinking stable. It was so simple. It wasn't what we would consider great. Brother Ben tells us we in the sermon uh perfect strength through perfect weakness, he said we need to master this thought of human ability. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; He said it's not it's not what we can do. God doesn't need your ability. He needs you just to be obedient to him. The Bible says it's through the foolishness of preaching that people are saved. You realize, you know, to most people this seems foolish. There's a guy up here uh you know, just just talking to you. Uh you know well what did he have a did he have a curriculum to go off of? Did he have something written out and prepared? No. It seemed like he was just rambling to me. But we sure enjoyed it. &gt;&gt; Praise God. and a man get in a channel and just get up here and maybe the devil's beat him up all day about it, but get up here and get into a certain channel and the Lord maybe take him through things that you're going through in your church or your family or your personal life that he don't know anything about but that you knew that God knew and maybe things that you haven't told anybody. I you know we there's been times brother Jack has experienced it. I've experienced it different brothers where you're preaching and you think why on earth am I going down this path? This was not the path I had planned. And then somebody come to me. I had a pastor tell me recently. He said, "Brother Nathan, I'm sorry that I got quiet on you in the service there." He said, "It wasn't that I wasn't enjoying it." He said, "I just had to be careful not to amen too loud because you were actually entering right into conversations and things that I'd had with some people in the church." Amen. Well, he didn't tell me that and I didn't know. And I'm not a prophet. I didn't say this person said this and all that. No, it was just God got me in a channel for a minute to where somebody could say, I know that that brother doesn't know that. But God was mindful of my need. &gt;&gt; The foolishness of preaching. &gt;&gt; When I am weak, St. Paul would say, then I am strong. Brother Bannon would talk about perfect strength through perfect weakness. It seems so strange. I was reading to the church a scriptural a scripture here recently where the Bible says Jesus says it over in the New Testament. They're quoting David. He He's talking about the, you know, how the people were walking after him saying hosanana and all that and they asked him to be quiet and he said, "Don't you know that that David in the Psalms says uh that that praise is perfected by babes and sucklings." But if you go back and actually read what David said, now if I quoted it the way Jesus quoted it, you'd get mad at me, but Jesus knew the bigger picture of what it was talking about. David actually says that strength is perfected by babes and sucklings. And if we had a little baby here tonight and we brought it up here and then we had whoever here works out the most, you know, and and they're pretty strong things and I I brought up the little infant baby and brought up that great big burly man and said, "Which one of these do you think God is perfecting strength through?" &gt;&gt; We would pick the opposite. &gt;&gt; David, when he was to be anointed, Samuel picked everybody before he picked David. &gt;&gt; In fact, David's dad didn't even bring David to the anointing ceremony because he thought it won't be him. No reason to bring he we don't need to bring him all the way in from taking care of the sheep. It won't be him for sure. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; His own daddy didn't see the potential. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why? Because they were looking at the stature of man. But God said, "But I look at the heart on what's on the inside." &gt;&gt; And so this strength is perfected by weakness. It's so the opposite of the way that our mind works. But brother Brandham tells us he said from that time 1960 he said we want to follow the simplicity of the Holy Spirit. Sometimes I don't know about it in your life but in my life sometimes the Holy Spirit will impress us to do something that is so simple that we argue with him for a while because we think that can't be him. &gt;&gt; That's too simple. &gt;&gt; But God works in those simple ways. sometimes is just call that person that that maybe you know maybe there's even a little friction between you and them but you know they're really going through a struggle and just call them or text them and say hey I just want to let you know somebody's praying for you today &gt;&gt; and maybe you think that is so simple I my they they won't receive that or they don't need that or they wouldn't receive it from me and the Holy Spirit just keep impressing it on you go ahead and call that person or text them and tell them that you just want to let them know somebody's praying about you today For all you know, that person, you know, we think that's simple, but the devil may be bombarding that person mentally to where they're about to give up on everything because they think nobody cares about me. Nobody loves me. If I just disappeared from the earth, nobody would even notice. And then they get a text and somebody says, "You're on my heart today. I'm praying for you today. Somebody loves you. Somebody cares about you." And they think, "Oh my, I guess the devil was a liar after all." Amen. &gt;&gt; My &gt;&gt; glory to God. &gt;&gt; We're running out of time, so let me skip ahead here. But brother Bam talks about Tommy Osborne. And brother Tommy was another evangelist and and he had been to the meetings there in Portland, Oregon at the same meetings where the where the uh uh the insane manuh had run down there and and told Brother Bam he was going to break every bone in his body, the maniac there. and his wife saw that happen and and and Tommy came down to the meetings there and and he said look he said brother Brandham he said you think God's given me a healing ministry and brother Brandham said Tommy every man that's called to preach is called to pray for the sick and he said but look don't go after fantastical things he said you see that old oak sitting over there and Tommy said which one he said the Baldwin over there and he was talking about brother Bosworth brother FF Bosworth he said you go sit under him for a while he knows more about script scriptures on divine healing than any man on the face of the earth. And brother Tommy did that and brother Bham runs into brother Tommy a few few years later and he's coming back from meetings overseas where they've been having healing revivals. Well, brother Bham's gift and brother Tommy's gift were very different and very different styles of ministry. Brother Brandham would go and under the anointing and a gift of prophecy and and a prophetic gift there and seeing visions and discernment things, he would be so weak from the meetings and things. where they'd have to drive him around for a while and try to get him to come out from under that anointing. Brother Tommy comes back from overseas. He says, "Are you tired, Brother Tommy?" He said, "Not at all." He said, "How why not having all those meetings over there and things?" He said, "Brother Brandon," he said, "I just get up and I just read the scriptures on divine healing and I just tell the people that's what the scripture says. You can accept it or you can reject it, but that's what the scripture says." And then he said, "I just go over and walk over and sit down and watch people begin to stand up and accept it by faith." And he said, "Then me and my wife go down and walk along the beach and rejoice and praise the Lord for what he did that night and go back to our hotel room." He said, "I'm not tired. &gt;&gt; My call me to that kind of ministry, Lord." &gt;&gt; Brother Bannon makes this statement. He says early spiritual experiences 1952. Tommy Osbourne is one of the most powerful evangelists in the field today in the realm of divine healing because he knows the word of the Lord in the Bible. Again, faith without works is dead. 1953. He knows the Bible and know what God says. And God has endued him with a knowledge of the Bible that ties Satan to where he just can't move by the scriptures. And he tells us multiple times, but this is from door to the heart in 1958. The word will defeat the devil anywhere, any time, under any conditions. &gt;&gt; Now, I like when when the Bible and when brother Brandham uses that word any &gt;&gt; or when they use words like all, all things are possible. I'm the Lord that health all thy diseases. So that means no matter what else comes out or what they name it or what takes place, it's going to fit under the category of all thy diseases. I know it's hard for us to understand in some of our circumstances, but the Bible said, "All things work together for good to them that love the Lord." And brother Bam tells us, he said, "The word will defeat Satan anywhere." That means West Palm Beach included uh at any time under any conditions. &gt;&gt; So in 2025, regardless of what your condition is, &gt;&gt; the Lord will still defeat the devil by his word anywhere, any place, under any conditions. He tells us in investments in 1962, it's the simplicity of just accepting what he has said and seeing it made a reality. Now, I'm just going to read you just a few scriptures here and on healing and then we're going to have word of prayer and then we'll have brother Jack come and see how he wants to to have a prayer line. But let me just read you these things. These aren't going to be any anything I don't think I'll read anything new tonight that you're going to say, "Oh my, I've never heard that before." Well, then you need to read your Bible more, but I I don't think we'll read anything tonight that you're not aware of. But just it's good to be reminded of those things. Peter said, uh, I'm just paraphrasing it, but he's basically what he's telling the church there is as long as there's breath in his body, he's going to bring to their remembrance what the word has already told them. And I believe any true minister of the gospel, that's our job to keep pointing people back and saying, "This is what the word says." Stay with that. Amen. Brother Bram said, "You, you have the light, now walk in it." &gt;&gt; Exodus 15:26, "I am the Lord that health thee." That's a promise. &gt;&gt; Psalm 103:1, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities. Who health healeth all thy diseases. Who redeemth thy life from destruction. Who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies. Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagles. Isaiah 53:5. But he was wounded for our transgressions. That means yours and mine. &gt;&gt; He was bruised for our iniquities. &gt;&gt; The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. &gt;&gt; Amen. Read your name in there tonight. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; My I I I feel I wish I could have preached more tonight, Brother Jack, but my voice was holding me back. But with scriptures like this, you feel like you could run through a troop and leap over a wall whether you have the voice to or not. &gt;&gt; Matthew 10:7. This was the first commission that Jesus gave to the disciples. As you go preach, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is at hand. Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. Freely ye have received, freely give." Now he's crucified, buried, and risen. and he's getting ready to ascend. And he tells them what we call the great commission or the last commission in Mark 16:1 17, which is very similar to the first commission. These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. &gt;&gt; They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Amen. That's a promise tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why we're having a prayer line. The the great commission is they shall lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. James 5:14. Is any sick among you? Let him call for the elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up. And if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. &gt;&gt; God, &gt;&gt; let's bow our heads together. Amen. How many How many would slip up your hands and say, "Brother Nathan, I have a need tonight. I have a need in my life. Maybe it's financial, maybe it's spiritual, maybe it's physical, maybe it's a family need. Whatever it be, the Lord sees that need. Heavenly Father, Lord, as I I've tried to get into the channel, Lord, that you would have me to go down for this service tonight and just tried to get myself out of the way. And I thank you, Lord, for helping my voice, not knowing, Lord, even entering into the service tonight, how we were going to get through, but you're faithful and you're true. And Lord, I pray that the the simple words that were spoken tonight, Lord, and kind of a chopped up message of different directions that it wound up going, I pray, Lord, that it'd be a help. But I pray that it'd go, Lord, beyond the minds of the people of just an intellectual conception, but that it would sink down into the very soul of of the people, Lord. They would recognize the the quotes in the scriptures that we've read tonight. They're they're true. And may they accept them for their individual needs, Lord. Maybe it's emotional healing. Maybe it's physical healing. Maybe it's spiritual healing. Maybe mental healing. Whatever it would be, Father, you know the need. You know the circumstance. And I pray, Father, that you would just, Lord, each one, whether they they receive it in their seat there or whether they come through this line, I pray, Lord, that you would speak to the needs in their life. I pray Lord that you'd comfort them and give them a faith that it's settled, that it's a finished work, and that they can have confidence in you that even now you're working on both ends of the line to bring forth, Lord, what their need is. Maybe it'll come very differently than they've expected or that they could even imagine that you would work out the need. Maybe it'll the outcome will be different than even that they're praying for because of their own limited uh view of what you can do. But Lord, whatever the outcome will be will be so much better than anything we could think or hope or imagine. Lord, as your prophet would say, there have been times when he'd pray and ask you, and you'd say yes, and other times he would pray and ask, and you'd say no, but that your nos were even better than your yeses once he found out that was your perfect will for his life. And Lord, we want your will, Father. There's sometimes that you don't let us have what we're asking in the exact season because you have something better laying down the road for us and you're going to bring it about in a way that's different than we could have ever imagined or planned. But Lord, we trust in you tonight. We've seen you in our life, Lord. Times I've prayed and begged and asked you for something and it didn't work out exactly the way that I had planned, but to come to find out later, Lord, what you had was better than the way that I was asking. and you just winked at my ignorance and it went right over the type the top of my own self-will, Lord. And your grace was sufficient, Lord. Your sovereignty, your mercy to us. Lord, I pray that you'd be with us tonight. Be with each individual, each family. Lord, may we go from this building a little closer to you than when we came in and with testimonies. Lord, thinking back here recently, sharing some of the testimonies of things that you've done over the years at our church back home and different places, Lord, that I've traveled and testimonies and miracles and things that by your grace we've seen and so many of them were right here at Spirit and Truth, Lord. So many things that you've done for us. So Lord, we come knowing you're not a respector of persons and knowing that the same God that has come on the scene before can come on the scene again tonight. We give it to you, Father, for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And amen. God bless you tonight. Bless you. I want to say I've got God has blessed me with a lot of friends and more than I deserve minister brothers and and precious Christian brothers around the world but this is one of my closest friends. I love him and appreciate him too. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank God for the word uh of the Lord on tonight. Um, I just actually just coming out of the gate, Brother Nathan was speaking uh to something that just happened, a quote that I read you all um uh at the beginning of the uh before he preached out of the Patmas vision. It was a quote that I was actually answering the question of a minister from Pakistan. And uh he was asking me some question and you know and and and I was um I said f my first response is like brother do you have a church age book because uh that question is is answered right there in the church age book. I mean, it's if you if you read that church age book, there's no way you would not understand what that verse means because it's right there in the church age book. So, I I I have to give them a source. I don't want to be the source, &gt;&gt; right? I I mean, uh you know, I'm talking about Pakistan. Can you imagine getting questions all over the world like that and trying to trying to answer them all? It just, you know, you can't do it. So you have to lead people to the source where they can get their answers, you know, and uh and then they depend on the same God that I depend on, you know, but uh but he came right out of the gate just speaking directly to me and even got all the way down to the end and his sermon was on the simplicity of divine healing. So, we all was feeling that um you know, well, he's going to pray for the sick. And you might think that uh well, that's not something I'm really dealing with, so I'll I'll just bypass tonight. Well, then he he says, you might have a financial need, right? And then he said, you also might have a a sickness or you might have something else that you're dealing with. Uh maybe somebody need prayer for a job, &gt;&gt; right? May maybe somebody need prayer for their business. whatever the need is tonight. I think if you can mix your faith &gt;&gt; with what God just spoke to us tonight, then we can see a change in our situations. And as I read the quote earlier, if you come in the spirit, not worked up, that's what we're talking about. But come because God has made you a promise. And I am standing on that promise. Uh for those that are in business and your business, like I I'm going to stand up here tonight because of my business. I lost some hours, but I'm I'm believing God to restore all that and some. And uh but and and the promise that I'm standing on is that Lord, you told me that whatever I did was supposed to prosper, &gt;&gt; right? That's what he said. Right. &gt;&gt; So if that's what he said, then that's what I believe &gt;&gt; and I'm going to do it. do everything God has asked me to do and then I'm expect him to do the rest. Amen. So, whatever you have need of tonight, I'm gonna have the musicians uh come and just play uh something softly uh for us. Amen. On on tonight and um and then those that would just like to have a prayer, uh we're going to have you line up here on my right side. uh the deacons will anoint you, but you can line up right over here on my right side. And uh those that are not going to come for prayer for anything, just keep your heads bowed. You can sing along um to the music that's being played. But just let's just um pray for those that are coming through the line and uh let's just um believe God that people going to receive what God has for them tonight. Just anything softly. Only believe is fine. Only believe. later. And also if uh the musicians wanted prayer um you also are welcome to come in uh um individually. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um praise God. Praise God. Amen. That's right. believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe, Lord. I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Oh Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord I receive Jesus is here. Jesus is here and all things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. I am the God that heal thee. I am the Lord your healer. I sent my word to heal your disease. I am the Lord your healer. I am the God that heal thee. I am the Lord your healer. I sent my word to heal your disease. I am the Lord your healer. Oh, you are the God that heal me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word to heal my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. You are the God that heal me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word to heal my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. I am the God that he liveth thee. I am the Lord your healer. I sent my word to heal your disease. I am the Lord your he is near the s but thy King Jesus, he speaks the true being heart to cheer. Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest note in s of song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest care rolling song. Oh Jesus, say Jesus. Your many sins are all foren. Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Go on your way in peace to heaven. and wear a crown with Jesus. Sweetest note in s of song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest can roll song. Oh Jesus bless me say Jesus all glory to the ris lamb I now Believe in Jesus. I love the blesses. Savior's name. I love the name of Jesus. Sweetest note in s of song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest can roll song. Jesus. Say Jesus his name. Dispel my guilt and fear. No other name but Jesus. Oh, how my soul delight to hear the charming name of Jesus. Sweetest note in s of song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest can roll some. Oh Jesus bless Jesus. Sweetest note in s of song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest can roll song. Oh Jesus say Jesus sweetest note in s of song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweet as can roll song. Oh Jesus bless say Jesus sweetest note in s of song sweetest name on mortal tone. Sweet as sky roll. Oh Jesus. Say Jesus. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. is a gift from God to you. Nothing else can compare to a blessing with your name on it. It's a gift from God to you. Nothing else can compare to It's a blessing with your name on it. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. Say, I receive. I receive. I receive. I receive. I receive the word of God. I receive I receive. It's a gift from God to you. Nothing else can compare to this blessing. It's a gift from God to you. Nothing else can come to a blessing with your name on it. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. Believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe the word of God. I believe. I believe. You were here moving in darkness. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle work, promise king, light of darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you and you are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are made miracle work pro light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you and you are here mening every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here healing everyone. I worship you. I worship you. And you are here meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Say that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. That is who you are. Healers who you are. Oh, healers who you are. Yes. Healers who you are. Oh, he learns to you. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're never stop. You never stop. You never stop. You never stop. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop. Even when I don't see it, you're even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop. You never stop. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. Way maker is who you are. Healer is who you are. restoers who you are. Oh, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Even when I don't see it, you're even feel it. You're never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. See, even when Even when I don't see it, you won't care. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Way maker. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. I sus The author of tomorrow is my soul. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my ris king and all the day long. I trust in Godavior. The one who will never fail. I trust in God, my savior, the one. He will never fail. Blessed Jesus is mine. He's been in the time after born of his blood. And what he did for me on Calary is more than enough. I trust in God my savior. The one who will never he will never fail. Say, "I trust in God, my savior, the one Perfect submission. All is at rest. I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my steps. So this is my story. This is my song. Praising my ris king and savior all the day long. I trust in God, my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God. My savior, the one who will never. He will never fail. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord. That's why I That's why I sought the Lord. I sought the Lord. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. Savior never will never know you. I trust in God my I trust in God my savior the one never fail I trust in God, my savior. He will never fail. Say, I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he That's why I trusted. That's why I and he heard. Yes, he did. I sought the Lord and he heard. That's why I trust him. That's why I I sought the Lord. He heard my cry. He heard my plea. I saw the Lord. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust. I sought the Lord. Oh, I saw the Lord. I saw THE LORD. HE HEARD MY CRY. HE HEARD MY PLEA. My cry is in SAY I SAW THE LORD. Oh yes, I saw my God. Yeah. That's why I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I trust. I saw the Lord. Oh, I saw my God. I saw my God. That's why That's why I trust in God. My savior, the one, he will never fail. He will never fail. Oh, I trust my God. He will never fail. I saw the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I saw the Lord. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust. I saw the Lord. Oh, I saw the Lord. Yeah, I saw the Lord. That's why I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. I sought the Lord. Oh, he's a living God. He's a living God. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. THAT'S WHY I TRUST HIM. My savior. He will never fail. He will never fail. Say, "I trust in God my savior." Why? He will never fail. He will never fail. Come on, say it again. Say, "I trust in God, my savior. He's the one. He'll never never never never fail. Come on, say it again. Say, I trust in God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's the one. &gt;&gt; Our God will never fail. &gt;&gt; He will never fail. &gt;&gt; Say it again. Say, I trust &gt;&gt; in God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's the one. &gt;&gt; Oh, he will never fail. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Come on, give the Lord a hand of praise. Praise his holy name. Thank you Jesus. You never fail. You never fail, Father. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, God. And though the oions may roar, I'm not forsaken. Oh, and every step I know your hand. Hey, though the oes the mountains be shaken. Hey, you are in every step that I take. Oh, I always worry. I KNOW YOUR HAND. Come on. Though the ocean mountains be shaken, I'm not forsaken. YOU ARE WITH ME. IN EVERY STEP. OH, I don't have to worry. I know you're here. HEY, YES IT WILL. YES, IT WILL. COME ON. THROUGH the ocean. Oh. Hey, thank you Jesus. You are and every step that I take. I will worry. I know your hand will guide me. You'll give me peace IN THE MIDST OF MY STOR. I said Jesus you will never hold mountain top or valley God I know that you oh so I'll keep holding to you when all I see is and God I'm there that you are. Sing it again. I say Jesus, you will never leave me. Mountain top or valley. Oh, you you are with me. Oh, so I'll keep Yes, I will. When all I see is gone, I know that you I wish. So I'll keep holding to you. When all I see, you are with me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I'LL KEEP HOLDING ON, GOD. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Wiped all my tears away. I stepped in and save the day. But once again I say amen. Still raining. Oh but as the thunders roll. Oh I am with you. And as the thunder is roll my hands who gives oh and takes away. Come on. I'll praise you in this storm. Hey and I will praise you in this storm. Oh and I will lift my hands. For you are who you are. Come on. No matter where I am. And every tear I cry. Oh, you hold in your hand. You never left my side. Oh, and though my heart is torn, oh, I will praise you in this storm. Though my heart is torn, oh, and though my heart is torn, oh, I will praise you in this storm. Give me that second verse. I remember when I stumbled in thee. You raised me up again. My strength is almost gone. How can I carry on? But as the thunder ropes, I barely hear whisper through the rain. I am with you. As your mercy falls, And as your mercy falls, I'll raise my hands and praise the God who gives. Yes. And takes away. Come on, everybody. I'll praise you in this day. Say, I will praise you in THIS DAY. OH, I will lift my hands for you. No matter where and every tear you hold in your hand, you never left my side. Hallelujah. Oh, and though my heart is torn, oh, I will praise you in this storm. Though my heart is torn, and though my heart is torn, oh, I will praise you in. I lift my eyes unto the hills. Oh, where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord. He's a maker of heaven and earth. See, I lift my eyes unto the hills. Oh, where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord. is a maker of heaven and earth. Say I lift my arms unto the hills. Oh, where does my help come from? Say my help comes from. The Lord is a maker of heaven and earth. I lift my eyes unto the hills. Where does my help? Oh, my help comes from the Lord who's a maker of heaven and earth. Oh yes, he is. And I will praise you in this day. I will lift my hands where you are who you are. Oh, no matter where I am and every tear I cry, Lord, you hold in your hand. You never left my side for my heart is torn. Oh, I will praise you in this storm. Though my heart is torn. Oh, and though my heart, my heart is torn, I'm determined to praise you in the storm. Come on, one more time. Though my heart is torn. Hey. And though my heart is torn. Oh, I will praise you in this storm. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, um I read that that quote a little earlier and just want to repeat what God's prophet told us. If we get into the right spirit, um it says it might not come immediately, but in his spirit, it is all over. It's all over. Whatever you came in this line with tonight, I want you to believe that it's all over. If you don't mind, just turn around and testify to somebody. Say, "It's all over." Tell them. Tell them out of your mouth, "It's all over. It's all over. It's all over. It's all over. Glory to God. It's all over. Amen. Get ready for change because it's all over. My God. My God. My God. My God. My God. And I'm here to tell you ain't nothing too hard for God. Amen. Just get in the spirit and believe God for Amen. What you came up here tonight with just you'd be surprised. Amen. at what was what was in this room. But I just believe the way that the Holy Spirit did things that he he he he he took care of some things tonight. And and there are some people that are going to leave here and they're going to see immediate results. They're going to they're going to have quick testimonies. Somebody going to be coming on Wednesday night to testify about something that happened on Friday night. Lord, let it be me, Jesus. Amen. So, I'm going to see immediate results and and when you when you see that, just be let your faith just get ignited and know that God has not forgot about you. I reminded Brother Brand, I'm praying for them two sisters in the prayer line that night and and um you know, and as they they you know, they they got the prayer and they they went on home and it seemed like there was no change. Seemed like there was no change. But then since they were neighbors in the same neighborhood living there, uh the angel Lord one night decided just to pass through that neighborhood. And uh and as he passed through, one of the ladies was just uh you know, just up in her house shouting while the other one was down at the home. She's like, you know, I used to not be able to eat and I was just so afraid because everything I eat would just come right back up. But I just felt so hungry. I wanted to eat. and she just began to start eating and and things that she knew that would cause the stomach to get upset. She start eating those things and uh she said, "Ain't nothing coming up. I don't know what's going." She said, "I've been healed and said, you know, I wasn't at the meeting, but I mean I wasn't it didn't happen at the meeting, but it happened after the meeting." I mean, and I got I got here. She said, "I'm going to go up here and tell my neighbor what just happened to me." But by the time she got there, the angel Lord had already beat her there. Hallelujah. And when she began to testify, come to find out that her neighbor also got healed at the same time she got healed. God knows how to bring Amen. an answer to your request. If you would just confess that it's all over. No matter what the symptom is, it's all over. Even if your bank account begin to decrease a little bit more, tell that devil, it's all over. I can only go up from here. GLORY TO GOD. AMEN. AMEN. THE GREATER THE TESTIMONY, the more HE AFFLICT, THE GREATER THE TESTIMONY. Blessed be the name of the Lord. But let's just let's just go trust in God. I don't believe this night was amen by accident. I believe God for ordained it before the foundation of the world that this night would be. Amen. I'm expecting to hear some powerful testimonies. Praise God. I I I I I believe it. I believe even people that was online that was not able to make it, I believe we'll hear testimony from them as well. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. I'm I'm trusting God. My I love that. I like when brother Solomon hit that. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered me. Amen. That's why I trust him. That's why I come to a prayer line. And that's why I come to church cuz I I know God hears my my request. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. Praise the Lord. Let us have a word of prayer. Amen. Before we would depart on tonight, we'll be back on Sunday morning. Uh service will start at the prayer time will start at 8:30 and then the service will start at 9:30. You know, Sunday school will be at uh at 8:45 to 9:15 for our youth and young adults. And uh and then service will start promptly at 9:30. Let us pray. Father, we come in the precious name of Jesus. Lord, we uh we we know you did something here tonight. And there was no request too small for you. Amen. Anything that was on our hearts, now God is on your heart. And Lord, we we believe that you've already Amen. assigned the angels, Lord, to go and to bring an answer to every request that was brought here tonight. And as it was read to us in the scripture, you sent your word to heal. So those that were not even here tonight, God, we are expecting that the word has gone forth to them over the airways and over the internet, Father, Lord, to bring healing to their their circumstances and situations, knowing there's not one thing too hard for our God. So Lord, we look forward to hearing the testimonies of praise that would come forth, amen, from uh these requests that were given to you, Lord. And uh we ask that you would strengthen your servant, Lord. Brother Nathan, we thank you for him just yielding himself. And God, just allowing you to use him just once again. And Father, we pray that you would just restore all that was given out tonight. And Lord, as he just gets a little rest on tomorrow and prepares himself, Father, for Sunday morning, pray that you would meet us here, God, in a very, very special way. Give traveling mercies to the saints, oh God, as they prepare to leave this place, but not your presence. May we all leave strengthen and encourage, Lord, in the name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. Amen. The brothers will come at this time. Amen. To dismiss you. God bless you. Amen.
