################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-11 - Take a Stand - Bro Mark Cosby (04-11-2025) - Mark Cosby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-11
Title:    Take a Stand - Bro Mark Cosby (04-11-2025)
Speaker:  Mark Cosby
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 49m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-sNBxo-82g
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Your faithfulness remains. I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord and I'm confident as he is chain your faithful fullness [Music] remain. I believe that I will see goodness of the goodness of the Lord. confident uncomfort as sees change. Your faithfulness remains. I believe I believe that I you see the goodness of the Lord. [Music] I'm confident in as sees change your faithfulness remain. God of my future. God of my presence. God of my future. You write my story. You hold hold it all together. You are of my praise. [Music] my future. You write my story. You hold it all together. God of my vision, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. And I'm confident as seasones change. Your faithfulness remains. Your faithfulness remains. Your faithfulness remains and clap for the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Thankful to be in the house tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um I'm going to ask you uh we're going to open our Bibles. Uh we're going to go to Psalms 146. Say amen. We get there. [Music] Um Psalms 146 1 reads, "Praise ye the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul while I live. I will praise the Lord. I will sing praises unto my God while I have any being. Put not your trust in princes, nor in the Son of Man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth. He returneth to his earth, in that very day his thoughts perish. Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob, for his health help, excuse me, whose hope is in the Lord his God, which made heaven and earth, the sea, and all therein is, which keepeth truth forever. Amen. Get a hand clap for praise. Amen. Um um let us bow. We say prayer over the word the service. Um dear precious heavenly father, thank you Lord that we're able to grace your presence once more Lord God. We're not here on accident Lord Jesus. Um thank you Jesus that we're we're here Lord on any night Lord Monday through Sunday Lord God that we're just not sometimey Christians Lord God. Lord God, that we we we come to pull on your word, Lord God. Lord, you use people, Lord, to save people, Lord God. We don't look to a man, Lord Jesus, but we look to the man that's guided by you, Lord God. Your spirit, Lord Jesus. We thank you for the presence, Lord. Bless the minister, Lord God. Allow him to get itself out the way, Lord Jesus. Lord, as we hear your word, Lord God, may may we be able to receive it, Lord. May it soften our hearts, Lord, that we not only just hear it, but we able to take it and take action, Lord, through your word, Jesus. Lord, Lord, we pray for the youth, Lord. This is youth service, Lord, but we also pray for the elders, Lord God. It takes everyone to make a church, Lord. Lord, we are your bride, Lord God. We appreciate you, Lord Jesus. In Jesus name we pray, hold over the service. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um uh we're going to ask uh going to ask brother Joseph come on up. Uh come on up, brother. All right guys, give you ready. God bless you. I don't want to go through the emotions. I don't want to sing from an empty place. All I want is you in this moment. Spirit come and fill me up again. Fall fresh, fall fresh on me, Lord. Fall fresh, Holy Spirit. Fall fresh. Fall fresh on me, Lord. fall fresh. Holy Spirit, [Music] come. I don't want to run from your presence. I don't want to see your glory fade. Living in the echo of heaven and walking in the promises you gave. Oh, fall fresh, fall fresh on me, Lord. Fall fresh, Holy Spirit. Fall fresh. Fall aresh on me Lord. Fall freshes. Holy Spirit [Music] come. Oh fall fresh. Fall fresh on me Lord. Fall fresh Holy Spirit. Darkness fades in the spirit. Demons flee when they hear it. Worship made for our Jesus. Sing louder. Sing louder. Darkness fades in the spirit. Demons flee when they hear it. Worship made for our Jesus. Sing louder. Sing louder. Darkness fades in the spirit. Demons flee when they hear it. Worship made for our Jesus. Sing louder. Sing louder. Fall fresh. Fall fresh on me Lord. Fall fresh. Holy Spirit fall fresh fall fresh on me Lord fall fresh Holy Spirit come [Music] oh fall fresh fall fresh on me Lord for freshes Holy Spirit fall fresh fall fresh on me Lord fall fresh Holy Spirit comeise bless you praise Amen. Amen. God bless brother Joseph. Great job. Um, please excuse me, church. We have a a prayer request from Sister Cobb. Um, it says, "Bishop Calvin Ray hospitalized. They think he's had a stroke. Please pray for his [Music] healing." Any other prayer requests? Unspoken. All right. Let's say a quick [Music] prayer. Dear Lord God, we pray for Bishop Calvin. Lord God, who may be hospitalized, Lord, nothing is too hard for you, God. Lord God, we know, Lord, you've done it before, Lord God, and you can do it again, Lord. Lord, this is this is one of the men, Lord God, that you've chosen, Lord Jesus. Lord God, predestinated, Lord. Lord, we pray for his healing, Lord God. We pray for his peace and his rest, Lord God, and his help will come, Lord God. You say if we are obedient to you, Lord, there's nothing that's that's impossible, Lord God. So, Lord, we just pray on his behalf, Lord God. We reach out to him, Lord. I uh I know you know the hands raised, Lord, of the unspoken prayer request, Lord God. We pray that you you know the need, Lord God. I pray we you just touch that situation, Lord. Each and every one, Lord, their respective places, Lord Jesus. Lord may you come Lord and anoint them aresh in Jesus name we pray. [Music] Amen. We worship you. We worship you. [Music] Come let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Come let us Hey, kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. [Music] Let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. God. We love. I need [Music] alone. Emmanuel, Imuel, Emmanuel, Emmanuel. Worship you. We worship you. Come, come, let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Come, come, let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him very well. Amen. He's the king of kings. We need you, Lord. We may well. We worship you. We worship you. Come. Come. Let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. [Music] Come let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. [Music] Emmanuel. Emmanuel. God with us. Woo! Emmanuel. Yes, Lord. We worship you. We worship that time. My good Lord, we worship you. We worship you. Amen. God bless you. All right. Amen. Amen. Um I'm going ask you to take your seats at this time. We'll call up our next special. Um Sister Linda. Amen. God bless you. This goes out to the worried. This goes out to the stressed. Sorting out a million thoughts running to your head. To everyone that's waiting a better days ahead, tired, frustrated, leaving words unsaid. Please don't hold your breath. [Music] Just breathe cuz it's a miracle. You can breathe. There's power in the way that you let everything has breath. Praise the Lord. [Music] It's a miracle we can [Music] breathe. There's power in the way that we live. Everything that has [Music] praise. This goes out to the waiting. This goes out to the stressed. Sorting out a million thoughts running through your head. One thing you're waiting for better days ahead. Tired, frustrated, leaving words unsaid. So please don't hold your breath. Just breathe. Cuz it's a miracle. You can breathe. There's power in the way that we let every breath praise the Lord. Sometimes you're in the desert. Sometimes you feel the pain. Sometimes he calms the storm. And sometime he lets it rain. So please don't hold your breath. Just breathe. Cuz it's a miracle. You can [Music] breathe. There's power in the way that we let everything pass. [Music] Just breathe. It's a miracle. You can breathe. There's power in the way that we let everything that praise the Lord. All [Music] right. All right. All right. At this time, we're going to ask our next special to come. Sander. [Music] When the music fades and all is dripped away, all is simply comes longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You look into my heart. My incoming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of the endless words no one could express how much you deserve. Through all I am weak and poor. I'll I'll wait in your [Music] breath. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You looking into my heart. I'm coming back to Heat. Heat. [Music] You [Music] Jesus. I'll bring you more than the song in the world. You are much deeper with me. appear. You're looking into my [Applause] [Music] heart. I'm coming back to you. Heat. Heat. [Music] It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] about you. So, all about you, [Music] Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you God for these gifts in this church. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Lord of worship cuz it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've faded. When it's all about you. When it's all about you, [Music] Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Good job. Get clap for the Lord. All right. Uh, God bless you all. Thanks. Can you give me announcements, please? Um, Sunday morning we have prayer 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. and service at 10:30. Uh, Sunday school is from 9:30 to 10:00 a.m. Uh, youth ages 4 to 12 and young adults ages 13 to 20. Virtual streaming will continue through Facebook, sat tabernacle, and the church website john423.org. Uh, upcoming events, we have our youth outing at uh, Altitude Altitude Trampoline Park, Saturday, May 10th. The time is to be decided. Okay. Um you guys look out for that. We're going to have a blessed time. Um upcoming services, we have uh next Wednesday, April 16th at 7:30, communion and feet washing. Um April 18th at 7:30 we have Good Friday service. Um and then we have our meetings. I will restore saith the Lord. July meetings for Spirit of Truth Tabernacle. um July 25th through 27th, it'll be at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. Um and for our giving, um preferred is zel at giving johnh423.org. Um we also have PayPal is the same. Um we just prever sale uh preverse zel. Um cash app is dollar sign spirit and truth t. Um, and if you want to mail it in, it's Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, P. Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Um, and for in-house, we have our box in the back. Um, let us say a prayer over our giving. Dear Father God, um, Lord, Lord, you you you love a cheerful forgiver. Lord God, let us not give out of tradition, Lord Jesus, but give from inside of our heart, Lord. And we know, Lord God, we give with a cheerful heart, Lord. You you you may do it a 100fold, Lord Jesus. Lord God, there's there's nothing that we give you, Lord, that you can't magnify, Lord Jesus. Lord God, we pray over uh those who who would love to give, Lord God, but can't at this time, Lord God, still bless them anyway, Lord God, that next time they're able to give, Lord Jesus, and not just the tithe, Lord God, but the offering, Lord Jesus, we just do both, Lord God. Um, thank you for for the the preparation, Lord God, and the brothers who handle it and our giving, Lord God. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Um, we're gonna ask our next special to come out. Um, Sister [Music] Melissa. Amen. [Music] Amen. And then after we have the special, we'll ask uh precious brother Mark to come out. Okay. [Applause] Amen. God bless your church. Amen. [Music] I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting for the Lord. I don't mind waiting. [Music] I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. So wait on the [Music] Lord. Wait on the Lord. [Music] Wait on the Lord and he renew your strength. There's not a mountain to talk. There's not a problem so small that Jesus can resolve any time he'll come. How God cares about us. Oh, wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord and yield in your strength. [Music] There's not a light [Music] to a journey too long to remember. Jesus, he'll see you through. In time, he'll make you know how God cares about us. So wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord and I can your strength [Music] [Applause] Rain blue, but my house was built on you. I'm safe with you. I'm going to make it [Music] through. Make it rain. But my house was built for you. I'm safe with you. I'm going to make it through. Break it away. But my house was still on you. I'm safe with you. I'm going to make [Music] it. So wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord. Then he renew your strength. And here renew your strength. And here renew your strength. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, sister Melissa, brother Jerry. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Uh going to ask you guys to sing. We're going to sing a song and then ask brother Mark to come [Music] out. You brought me through this. You brought me through that. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm grateful to you. You brought me through this. Hallelujah. Brought me through that. Hey, Lord, I'm [Music] grateful to you. Do you do you do this? Yeah. Yeah. Walk me through that. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm grateful to you. [Music] He made a way when there was no way. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm [Music] grateful to you. Lord, open doors that was closing my face. And Lord, I'm grateful to you. You brought me through [Music] this. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. We thank God for the opportunity to be up here once again. Um we just thank our precious pastor for this opportunity and it's been a long time since I've been on the side of here. So thankful to the Lord. He's brought me through uh through my healing and my Achilles and just praise him. Thank you for all your prayers. I I appreciate it. He's been answering them and I return to work uh the 21st. I'll be back to work. Amen. Well, um we'll just bow in a word of prayer before we open our Bibles up. Dear heavenly father, um we just thank you for this precious moment, Lord. Just to be in your presence, Lord. Just thank you for this uh you service tonight, Lord. Father, we're just wanting to hear a word from you, Lord. Just just may you just move me out the way, Lord Jesus. Father, may they just hear from you and you alone, Lord. Lord, may you be with each need, each heart, Lord. Whoever may be listening on the live stream, Lord. May you speak to them personally as well, Lord. Father, may we feel your presence this morning, Lord, just tonight, Lord Jesus. Lord, may you just bring your word to life, Lord Jesus. May you just bring each quote to life, Lord. Father, may we just leave your your house, Lord, just encourage, Lord. May we leave your house just changed, Lord Jesus, because Lord, you have the power to change us right now, Lord Jesus. May you just breathe life into us, Lord. Lord, may you pour down revelation from heaven, almighty God. And Lord, may you just take control, Lord, of this service, Lord. May you have preeminence, Lord Jesus. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Open our Bibles to uh Hebrews chap 11 and we'll begin in verse 23. Say amen when you get there. So it's a very familiar scripture. So we'll start in verse 23 of Hebrews 11. So it says, "By faith, Moses when he was born was hid three months of his parents because they saw he was a proper child and they were not afraid of the king's commandment. By faith, Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter, choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season. So, I like how the Bible brings out the pleasures of sin for a season. You can People may be enjoying their time living in sin, but that's only for a season. Amen. esteeming the reproach of Christ's greater riches in the treasures in Egypt. For he had respect, took a recompense of the reward. By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king, for he endured as seeing him who was invisible. Through faith he kept the Passover and sprinkling of the blood, lest se be destroyed, the firstborn should touch them. By faith, they passed through the Red Sea by dry land. Maybe somebody tonight has a Red Sea that they can't cross. But remember the same God that that part of that Red Sea there can part the same Red Sea for you as well which the Egyptians are saying to do were drowned. You may be seated. So the title of this message today is take a stand. To take a stand. We all got to take a stand for something. The greatest stand that you can ever take is for Christ. It it's a stand that will last forever into eternity. Some people take a stand for politics. Some people take a stand for certain rights. Some people take a stand for certain things. But the greatest thing you can take a stand is this. We're and brother Jack mentioned on Wednesday with all these voices. Some people take a stand for mental health. Let me take a stand for dietitionian. Whatever it is, it what the most important thing you could take a stand for is right here in this word. What that's what Moses did. He took a stand for God when it was nothing but heathenism around him. Nothing but uh doubt, nothing but discouragement. He decided to take a stand for God. Let's go to uh Daniel now. We'll talk a different character. So, we're going to just go to the Bible and just uh look at a couple people that have taken a stand uh for God and what it paid off. It's back on. All right. So, we'll go to the book of Daniel and we'll read um the first verse and we'll we'll read quite a lengthy in this scripture. Let me get to it myself. All right. So, I really like uh I really like the book of Daniel um because we're at the youth service and I was doing a little research and they said Daniel and the Hebrew boys were around 15 to 18. So, I think we all you guys can all fit into that age range right there. And I like it because they were put in a situation where they didn't have a group of believers around them. It was only four of them. And so, I just like how they could take a stand amongst not even being in their own land, being forcefully taken. um having wine, alcoholism all around them, having the king's meat, uh heathen sacrifices, all these things they had around them, but yet still they could keep an atmosphere around them of faith, but yet still they could keep their eyes on God. So what excuse do we have? We live in a country where we have the freedom of religion. We have Bibles in your home. Some countries can't if you even say the name Jesus, they'll kill you. So we I think we've gotten so lazy as Christians because of the amenities that we have, because of the things that are so easy to us. But a lot of people uh have to fight for these things that we have. They have to keep secrecy sometimes. But yet I think we've we've got so comfortable, brother Brandon. Many times we got so comfortable in in in in our our our Christianity that we we we failed to fight every day cuz it's a battle of faith that we must fight. Cuz look at Daniel and them. It was a battle of faith. They literally had to take a stand when when when King Nebuchadnezzar didn't even want them to worship God. He want them to worship him. So, let's keep it in verse one right here. In the third year of the reign of Joim, king of Judah, came Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem and besieges it. Just imagine you're just having dinner with your family and somebody comes busting in your door and just take you into captivity. Those kids weren't expecting that. They're expecting to have they're enjoying their life as a kid, as a youth, probably going to school. But yet they got dragged out their house. And the Lord gave Joakeim, the king of Judah, into his hand, the part of the vessels of the house of God, which he carried into the land of Shinar, to the house of his God, and brought the vessels into the treasure of the house of his God. And the king spake unto Aspipen the master of his Enoch that he should bring certain of the children of Israel and princes of the king's seed and of the princes children to whom was no blemish but well fa favored and skillful in all wisdom and cunning and knowledge and understanding and had ability in them to stand in the king's palace and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldans. And the king appointed them a daily provision of king's meat and of wine which he drank. So nourishing them three years that at the end of there they might stand before the king. Now among them there's the the Hebrew children. We got Judah, Daniel, Hi, Misha and Aza. Those are real names, their real names, not the uh the names they were given in Babylon. Unto the prince of the Enochs gave them names. For he gave unto Daniel the name of Bel Beser, to Hani the Shadrach, to Mishel Mach, and to Araha Abendo. I like right here, verse eight, right here. I love what it says. Verse eight, but Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with a portion of the king's meat. Now, he could have justified and say, "Well, everybody else is doing it." He said, "Everybody else is drinking the wine. Everybody else is drinking the sacrificial meats, but he decided on his own." He purposed in his heart. And the same thing we have to do is purpose in our heart to serve God. Because we're constantly surrounded by people who who blasphem the name of God. constantly surrounded by people who curse like sailors, constantly um surrounded by unbelief. But Daniel took a stand without even having the Holy Ghost like we do. So if he could take a stand like that, what can we do with the spirit of God living inside of us? So we have no excuse. He said, "But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, not defile oursel with Tik Tok videos, not defile oursel with filth on YouTube, on social media. Social media has its place. It has his goods, but it also has a lot of bads. So, nor with the wine which he drank. Therefore, he requested of the prince of the Enochs that he might not defile himself. He took a stand. He was willing. He was stand up. He was take a stand what he believed in. He he said, "Sir, we don't do these kind of things. I serve a mighty God and I can't I can't put myself in this position like these others are." So, let's keep going to verse nine. Now, God had brought Daniel into favor. I love right there, favor. If you take a stand for God, God will bring favor. We all can attest to that. That God will bring favor even when people don't even believe God have favor over you. I love that. So, that's why you don't have to compromise. We don't have to compromise. God didn't cause to be compromisers. He did not. The devil might be calling you to do that, but God didn't cause to do that. The devil will always want you to compromise with the word of God. You go back to the Garden of Eden. What happened? Compromise. Every time you compromise, that's when the devil can come in. That's when the devil will have his way. So now God had brought Daniel into favor and tender love with the prince of the Enoch. And the prince of the Enoch said in Daniel, I fear the Lord the king, who at the point of your meat and your drink. For why should he see your face is worse? Now the enemy is trying to say, "You sure you want to do this? You're going to hurt your body. You're going to hurt your system. You don't need to fast. You don't need to do this. Nah, you need to eat three meals a day." No. Sometimes we got to fast. We got to I believe that we eat fast but we don't fast enough. I remember a wise man told me that we we love to eat but we're scared to fast sometimes. I I believe that even Jesus said we need to be fasting. I'm not saying we got to fast three days a week. I'm just saying throw fasting in in in your prayer schedule, your prayer life sometimes. It makes a big difference. I I can testify to that. Amen. Let's keep going. I fear the Lord the king appointed your meat and your drink. For why should he see your faces worse liking the children which are of your sort? Then he shall make me endangered my head to the king. Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom the prince of Enoch has set over Daniel and Hannah, Michelle, and Ezra, prove thy servant, I beseech thee, 10 days. I love that. He said, let me show you what my God can do. Cuz I'm not going to defile my my my life with the things of the kings, but I'm going to keep my life consecrated to God. He said, just give me 10 days. He said, give me 10 days. That's all I need. says uh to eat to plus to eat water to drink. Then let our countenance be looked upon before thee in the countenance of thy children that eat of a portion of the king's meat. And thou seeest deal with thy servants. So he consented to them in this matter and proved them 10 days. At the end of 10 days, their countenance appeared fair and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat. So I I like that. So we have peer pressure. We all have peer pressure. The youth has peer pressure. We have peer pressure. But I I was a youth once and there's a lot of peer pressure. So you don't have to do the things that everybody else is doing because those things that they're doing is going to scar you. It may not seem like it now, but it will scar you. So that's why as as a youth, you want to keep yourself clean. That's why you want to wait till you're married. That's why you don't want to partake of parties and drinking because that stuff can destroy your life. How you dress is important as well. All those things matter. Holiness still matters to God. God is still a holy God. God still holds a God standard. I don't care if we live in in 2025. God still holds the same standard he did from the beginning in Genesis. God does not change. God will make a way for you. Be faithful to God. He'll be faithful to you. Take a stand. Let's finish this up. It says, "Thus Mesar took away the portion of their meat and the wine they should drink and gave them the pulse. As for these children, the four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom, and Daniel had understanding and visions and dreams." Now, at the end of the 10 days that the king has said he should bring them in. Then the prince and Enoch brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar. And the king communed with them, and among them all found none like Daniel, Hi, Misha, therefore they stood before the king. In all matters of wisdom and understanding that the king inquired of them, he found them 10 times better than all the magicians and straws that were in the realm of this god. And Daniel continued even to the first year of Cyrus. I love that. 10 times. That's because they took a stand for God. God made him that way. Yes, sir. Let's um let's read a quote. So, uh we got this quote from investments. So I I love investments because a lot of time when people think about investments they think of stock market but you invest in your life the career you take you invest um the type of friends you have you invest uh the type of job you have you invest um the the the type of things you watch on YouTube on TV on on Netflix you invest. So we can invest our time. I believe that's one of the greatest things that we can do is invest our time. It's one of the dangerous things we can do is invest our time because we have kids just just constantly being raised by tablets, smartphones, um TV, and that really poisons their mind because that their parents aren't um safeguarding it. They're just letting them just scroll and scroll and scroll and all you need to do is one click. I've been there before. One click and it destroys your life. Literally, just like that. And so we live in a day and age where it's such techn a technological age where we depend upon uh internet for so many things and and I think what it's done is make it it's made us numb like brother Jack said it's made us numb to the things we'll see something back in the day that we we we would like turn away from but now we just deal with it. And so we got to come to a place where we got to take a stand. We can't be compromising with the things that we watched. And so I I believe the greatest investment we can do is to take a stand for Christ. That's the greatest investment that you'll ever do because it's an investment that that is constantly it won't depreciate because of the market. It won't change because a company got bought out, but it it will it will always hold its value no matter what time, no matter what age, no matter how old you are. And you won't take a hit on if you if you withdraw it early because if you withdraw your 401k early, you take a hit. But but with Jesus, you don't take a hit. All right, let's go to investments. Um, so Daniel purposed in his heart that he was wasn't going to defile his investment. He purposed no matter what the world how rich the king gets, how much he tries to get me off of these things of the world, I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to defile my investment. Oh Christian world, don't defile your vestment. Don't take a chance in trying to date somebody that you know you shouldn't be dating. All right. It the first the first standard is does he or she have the Holy Ghost? If he or she does not have the Holy Ghost, no. No. Don't say, "Oh, I can change him or I I can witness him." No. What you're doing is is a recipe for disaster. You're going to wind up in heartache, tears, and a broken heart. Just like that. There's thousands of girls, thousands of guys who've done it. And each time I heart's broken. Yes, sir. So, Daniel purposed that he wouldn't do it. It paid off. Look at that. By saving his life when he was thrown into a lion's den. Look at that. His investment really paid off. The Hebrew children were determined that they would not worship an idol. Think about this. The Bible doesn't uh necessarily always talk about the thoughts. Just imagine being in a situation where you're literally one step from death. you just saw the um you just saw his servants just get burned by the fire and you're thinking, "Wow, I'm next." But yet their faith stood the test. They said, "If if God saved me or not, I'm still not going to bow down to you, king." So the same thing we got to do in our life. People are going to ask you to they're going to put you in comfortable situations where they want to the devil wants to see if your faith is really in God or not. And we got to pass that test because there's no greater God than God. There's only one. Let's keep going. This quote. So, the Hebrew children were determined all. They would not worship an idol. And it paid off by saving their life in a fiery furnace. I'm going to tell you this. A person who really makes an investment in Christ will never regret it. Not one time. Amen. Let's go to another quote in investments. You can't take the gospel over into the world. We got to get the world over here. H I love this right here. Hollywood reaches after shiny things. A monkey does the same thing. I don't want us to be monkeys because we over here reaching after fashion, reaching after the uh um popularity, reaching over this. Don't be a monkey, right? We're we're not monkeys. God didn't make us monkeys. I don't care what scientists say. We didn't come from monkeys. God made monkeys and God made us. Simple as that. So, we ain't monkeys. Don't be reaching after the thing the fancy things of the world and Hollywood and and compromising. Don't do it. So, Hollywood shines, but the gospel glows. I love that right there. There's quite a difference between shining and glowing. We're trying to put big. We're trying to put on big things and be something big. That's no way to get the outsider live the life and let Christ live in you. That's the important thing right there. Let Christ live in you. If Christ never dwells in your tabernacle, you're never going to live a life he wants you to live because God has a purpose for your life. But in order for him to lead you and guide you in the true purpose, he has to live inside your tabernacle. Like brother Troy said, in order for us him live inside your tabernacle, you have to let him in. He's knocking on the door and you got to let him in. True. It's the only way. I don't care how good of a person you are. I don't care how nice you are. I don't care how much you give to the poor. That's not will get you to heaven. God isn't looking for that. The first thing he's looking for is the seal of God. Do you have Jesus Christ living inside you, sealed away into the day of your redemption? That's the most I'm not saying don't be a good person, but I'm saying there's a lot of good people. I said this before across the pulpit. Muslims would will put a lot of a lot of Americans to shame of how good they live. That they because a lot of Americans are immorality, a lot of immorality, a lot of disgusting things. Even even some heathen tribes will put uh will put America into a shame. So, it just shows you it's not about how good of a person you can be. It's about is God living and dwelling inside of you. That's the most important thing. God isn't going to say, "Oh, well, wow. You did a good job. You gave to the Salvation Army every year. You you helped the needy. You did the poor." He's going to be check mark. You made it. No, he's going to say, "Do I see my spirit inside you? Is my spirit there? Well done and good and faithful servant." Cuz a well done, good and faithful servant is going to be sealed away into the kingdom of God. I lost my place. We're trying to put on big things and be something big. That is no way to get the outsider. Live the life and let Christ live in you. Makes him hunger and thirst to be like you. So, somebody should see your life and see something different about you. You're not going to be like you're not going to think everybody else. You're not going to be like everybody else, but something's different about you. They're going to notice. And it's it's not you, but it's Christ inside of you living that life. So, um just to thirst to be like you. You become salty, he'll get thirsty. The only thing we can be salty is let the life of Christ be in you for he is that salt only saves at that context. So I'm I'm a big advocate that we got to be careful in the type of music we listen to. Not everything that has the name of Christian is good. I grew up in a background where I loved some hip-hop. 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre. I used to love that stuff. That that was my that was my stuff. But then when I got converted, I lost a desire. Amen. And I remember people will sometimes will talk about Christian rap. I'm like, Christian rap. I'm like, I heard it and I was like, this sounds like the same beat, same delivery, same spirit, but yet just Jesus. It's like, what's the difference? What's the difference to me? I'm like, I might as well just be living in Dr. Dre cuz it's the same spirit as rap. Rap has that same spirit. Even even they try to put the name of Christian on Christian heavy metal. There's no such thing. Christian heavy rock. There's no such thing. They probably got Christian uh techno for all I know. So it's like you can't put you can't just slap a name of Christ on there because I you just can't man. I'm sorry. It's just I'm not for that Christian rock, Christian rap. I I can't do it because it sounds like Well, I used to love that stuff in the world. It sounds the same. You just changing the name. That's all you doing. That's all. That's like a sheep in a a wolf in sheep's clothing. What's the difference? Same thing. You got like Kanye West making gospel albums. Snoop Dogg making gospel albums. We going to listen to that. No, I ain't going to listen. I know what life he live. I know what things he get into. So, I I ain't for that. The only way you can be salty is that the life of Christ be in you. For he is that salt only saves as it contexts. So, I like this quote. Um, if you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything. So, I like that. Now, some people may take that take that a different way. Oh, I can stand. No, no, no, no. Take a stand for Christ. So, you won't fall for anything. Cuz a lot people don't take a stand now. And that's why there's so many people, they don't have identities. They don't know who they want to be. They trying to act like this group of friends, that group of friends, but yet they never find satisfaction because they're never trying to be themselves. God didn't make you to be like somebody else. He only made you to be like him. I'm say it again. He made you to be like him. Not like I'm not God didn't call me like brother Solomon. Brother Solomon's brother Solomon. Brother Solomon has a purpose in calling. I have a purpose in calling. You have a purpose in calling. So we're not here to be duplicates of each other. Cuz if if if we had all brother Marks, you guys would be scared. One's enough. All right. So Daniel was willing to take a stand. The Bible said he purposed in his heart. So, young people, uh, olderly youth people, I don't want to call you guys old. Uh, so you gota, we all got a purpose in our heart constantly because the devil is constantly trying to sidetrack you. He's trying to get you off the beaten path. And so, we really have, especially in this day and age, Satan knows his time is short. So, he's pulling out all his tricks. He's pulling out his whole arsenal. He's going to throw everything at you in the kitchen sink. And we got to be aware and ready for it cuz he's going to come in like Mike Ty. You remember Mike Tyson in his prime? He going to come in just like that and you got to block and then counter him just like that. And so we got just like when people got accustomed to Mike Tyson, he started to lose him more. So same thing with the devil. We got to get accustomed to the devil. See how he moves. Study him so we can we can go on the offensive and knock him out cuz that devil deserves a punch in his mouth. Knock him on his butt now. cuz he he he has no he has no right to be tormenting you. You say boot devil. Boot devil. Amen. So Daniel's willing to take a stand among all the peer pressure. There's going to be peer pressure young people in your life. It's going to come strong cuz the devil is scared of you getting to Christ. He is terrified of you getting to Christ. He's shaking in his boots right now. So that's why he's going to throw every temptation, every uh everything he can at you. Popularity, friends, money, drugs, vaping, all that stuff he's going to throw at you. I believe I believe that Daniel had the same revelation that Moses did. He knew that sin only lasted for a season. We got all these millionaires out here. We got all these people just uh Tik Tok influencers and they live. I was I was um I saw this one interview with uh Jake Paul. Paul, I don't even know who Jake Paul is. And just the way he was talking was just like I was like talking about, oh, my my therapist said this and said this. I'm like, bro, you still struggling with what you got. Your therapist just is have you looking over here so you don't notice that thing over there. So, I'm I'm not a big fan personally in going to therapist because if you go to a worldly therapist, you're you're taking uh their thoughts and nine times out of 10, they're not going to tell you biblical thoughts. Right now, now if your therapist is a true Christian, then I'll say, "Okay, that's fine." But if you go into a worldly therapist, you're going to get worldly thoughts. And if you have, and the thing is spirits, you can't you can't solve a spiritual problem with a worldly thought. Only God can can give you that that victory over that. And like you said, we got all these like brother Jack, all these podcasts, all these things, oh, you need to do this, you need to uh motivate yourself to do this and do that. Motivation is always going to be there. right? It's not going to be there. That's why the joy of the Lord is your strength. Yes, sir. Cuz we all can get in a state of depression. It's possible. But we have a way out of it. It's God. God is the only way. You can go to How many alcoholics um we've seen that they need to go to Aaou meetings and if they don't, they fall over or or they see alcohol, they they they like, "No, no, no, no. The God I serve when I got delivered from something in my life." Yes, sir. I lost all desire. I could see it in my face and I'll turn walk right away. That's true deliverance. Yes, sir. That's that's true deliverance. Cuz what this world needs isn't influencers. It needs uh a deliverer. It needs Jesus Christ. Let Jesus Christ change your life. He is going to influence, but he going to change your life completely. He said he'll make you new, new creatures in Christ. That what we need is a newness. We don't need something that doesn't work. as much medical technology we have, as much uh the AI that we have, but yet we still have how much more anxiety, depression, like it's never been before. Kids are just just being eaten alive by depression, anxiety, and fear. Eating alive. Uh adults being eaten alive. Um mental illnesses is coming like crazy. It shows me the the more we get uh advanced, the further we get away from God. And we got to get back to the basics. Get back to the ABCs. It's always been Christ. And that's what's going to solve your problem. I don't care how many good books you read about this and about that. They can't help you. It's not. It's not. They just they just words on a page. This book right here is life. This book right here will change you. If you got depression, it will deliver you. If you got alcoholism, it will deliver you. If if you got a a woman problem, a man problem, it will deliver you. This book is the only book in the entire world that can answer every single problem that you have. cancer. It will heal you. That guy's an answer to everything you can think of. Everything. Not one thing is left unturned. But a lot of people don't want God. They want to find a different route. I I've learned that sometimes in life, we will try to do the most not to work hard, but yet we'll work harder by not working harder. Literally, we'll work harder by not working harder. Just do the simple thing. Try Jesus. Try Jesus. Try him. I I guarantee you won't regret it. Right. Amen. He was not willing. So, Daniel wasn't willing to miss his opportunity of eternal life. He was willing to take a stand. I love I remember um one of my co-workers back in the day. I was I witnessed to him one time. He said, "Man, I'm going to hell. I don't care." I was like, "Bro, hell hell ain't going to be no party. You ain't going to be partying every techno." Nah, you going to be burning. Like, it ain't like that. People think, "Oh, hell going to be, oh, I'm going to be dancing and partying." No, no, no, no, no, no. You going to be in torment. There's no such thing as that. No such thing as it. I forgot to set my timer. All right, so let's um let's keep it going. I want you to also notice that God gave Daniel favor. So I just love how God will give his children favor with people you don't even think could give you favor with. I I just love that. So he didn't he didn't compromise his beliefs to try to get favor, but God gave him favor because he was faithful to his calling and to his to and to God. So don't try to be somebody else. Don't don't try to impress the boss. I see a lot of people at work. I ain't going to say nobody's names, but they they they like they like like the teachers pet. They walking behind the boss. Yes, boss. And this like a puppet. I'm not a puppet. God didn't make me a puppet. I'm I'm I'm sorry. If if you if you want to get promoted like that, go right ahead. I'm not me. If God has a job for you, for me, then he can open the door. I'm not gonna have to walk around and be a yes man. No, no, no. That's not who God made me to be. I'm not a yes man. Uh God, if God wants me to have that job, I'll get that job. It don't matter if a hundred people apply for it. If job has it for you, if God has it for you, it'll be open just for you. And nobody nobody else can take it. No matter how bad they want to take it. Simple as that. Amen. All right. The devil will always want you to compromise with the word of God. Always. Do you know why? Because he knows where your strength lies. He know that you can't defeat him, but he knows if you get lost and hidden in this word, then he is powerless against you. He's powerless. So that's what happened at the garden and that's what happened to Samson. Samson took his eyes off of the word. God spoke to him and said, "Do not cut your hair." Same thing today. We know a woman's hair is their Nazerite. And so that's why we don't women don't cut their hair for a reason. It's given to you for glory. Even the Bible says it's you dishonor your head if you cut it. So God gave your hair for a reason. It's your glory. God loves your hair long. Don't cut it. That's what that's how God ordained it. You lose you lose your strength if you cut it. Let's keep going. Our investments. So Daniel knowing that the world was going to come into the church and it did. That's a man that's today. We have all these big glass stained windows, mega churches, uh saying we believe in God, but yet God ain't even in their service. It's more of a concert. It's it's more of a entertainment show than it is uh the God's house. The modern day Pharisees and Sadducees even they worse actually. I think they I think at least the at least God said that the Pharisees has some sort of righteousness. He said if you're righteous exceed the righteousness of the Pharisees. At least the Pharisees has some sort of righteousness. Now today people don't even care. Dress any old kind of way. Hang let everything hang out in church and call yourself Christian. I never understood that God didn't call you to be like the world. He didn't call you to pattern off the world, but he called you to be like him. Amen. Let's keep it going. So, um, he took out one of these eternal life policies with God. And he purposed in his heart that he would not mar his investments. Amen. that church of the businessman. If people could only take that attitude, if God if you could only work to that end, that achievement and you'll not defile the investments you made in Christ with the things of the world and the glamour. Why? Anything can shine and glow. He says it again. And what reaches for a monkey. Don't be a monkey, please. That's right. Monkeys always reaching after something that's shiny. That's right. Noticed we are. That's what I mean. The devil will make monkeys out of Don't let the devil make a monkey out of you. I don't want to see y'all monkey be monkey monkeys. I don't want to see anybody in here be a monkey. Not Not one of y'all be monkeys. Y'all be reaching at God has something way better for what you're reaching for. God has something way better for what you're trying to reach for. Amen. If he can't, he's trying to make you think that you will come from one anyhow. See, with their educational system, things of this day, science is always trying to disprove God. Always. I'm like, y'all can't disprove God. I mean, they tried it in Noah's day. They drowned. Yes, sir. So, I And true science is God anyway because I mean, if you want to think about it, true science, these science tried to try a big bang theory. No, no, no. I didn't just The world just didn't blow up like that. No, no, no, no, no, no. All right, let's keep it going. All right, so um investments uh 1963. The Hebrew children was determined. They said, "All the rest of them are bowing when the flutes sound and when the bishops say stomp and the holy roller, the froggy jump." And he said, "We're not going to do it. You might do it. You're able to burn us up. You're able to kick us out. You're able to do this or do this the other, but we'll not bow down to your image anyhow." They wasn't going to defile that investment. It was going to the word, and the word they was going to stand on. And when the time came to make a decision, they was going to stand by the word. saved their lives. It had a fourth man down there. And I tell you, that fourth man will always be down there for you. When you take a stand for God, that fourth man will always be there to fight for you. Always. Always. Let's talk about another young person, a young person who didn't take a stand for Christ. We'll go our scripture reading in Mark 10. Brother Brandham mentioned this this young man many times o in the course of his ministry. And this man had the one of the greatest opportunities that any young person could ever have. And that was to literally meet Jesus Christ face to face. Man, that would be man. And he he defiled his investment. He didn't even make an investment. He he denied the investment. All right. Let's go to um Mark 10:1 17. And when he was gone forth into the way, they carried one running. He was running and kneel to him and asked him, "Good master, what shall I do that I may in inherit eternal life?" And Jesus said unto him, "Why callst thou me good? There is none good but one that is God. Thou thou knowest the commandments. Do not commit adultery. Do not kill. Do not steal. Do not bear false witness. Defraud not honor thy father honor sorry defraud not honor thy father and thy mother." And he answered and said unto him, "Master, all these things I observed from my youth." So this man wasn't wasn't a womanizer, but he was a a good faithful church member. Followed the commandments, respected his parents. He was a good person. Probably gave to the poor. We're not talking to some some heathen or or or like legion, but we're talking to a man who read his Bible, listened to what the priest had to say, and he had something in his heart that he knew he was missing something. Something in his life was missing. And he knew that Jesus had it, right? He saw something different about Jesus that other people didn't want to see. So he saw something different than what his priest was talking about. He he noticed that Jesus had something that no other man had. And he said and he answered said unto him, "Master, all these have I observed from my youth up." Then Jesus Then Jesus beholding him loved him and said unto him, "One thing thou lackest." He one thing that's it. One thing one thing was holding him from eternal life. Same thing could happen in our life. One thing could be hold you back from making it to the rapture. Don't let that one thing stop you from making it to the rapture. It will be the biggest regret you ever had in your life if one thing stopped you. And this man, we're going to say, we're going to pick up where this man went uh later on. Um let's see. Then then Jesus beholding him loved him and said unto him, "One thing thou lackest, go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor." and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. And come and take up thy cross and follow me. And he and he was sad at that saying and went away grieved, for he had great possessions. I a wise man once told me, "If you can't let go of it, you probably shouldn't have it. If you can't let go of it, you probably shouldn't have it." So there's a reason why Jesus asked him to get rid of it because he was worshiping like a god. Money was his god. And now you're probably saying, "Brother Mark, I'm not rich." But you still can have an idol in your life. It could be popularity. It could be a career. It could be a fancy car you want later down the road. It could be a fashion. It could be it could be numerous amounts of things. So be careful what you look into. Don't Don't fall don't worship it like God cuz God is a jealous God. And that's why he asked this young man because he knew that he couldn't serve Jesus and his money at the same time. The Bible says, "Don't serve God a mammon. You can't. It's impossible." Let's keep going. And Jesus looked around about and saith unto the disciples, "How hardly shall they that have riches enter the kingdom of God?" So I I want to just point this out. So now you're probably saying, "Brother Mark, I I can't I can't have wealth and riches." I'm not saying that. What I'm saying is this, that look at Solomon. God bless Solomon. What did Solomon pray for? Not one thing about riches. He said, "Lord, wisdom to help your people." And he said, "Solomon says, you didn't ask for not one thing about riches. I'm going to bless you with riches." Abraham, God blessed him. David, God blessed him. So, it's a difference because he's talking about people who seek after riches. We got millionaires. You you got Bill Gates. You got uh many many millionaires. You could you could name Jeff Bezos. These people worship money. They worship money. And so that's what he's talking about cuz they worship. They they ain't willing to give it up. I could care less if I'm ever rich or not. I could care less about it. Cuz to me, God is more important than money. God said to supply all my needs according to his riches and glory. He promised that. He promised that to me. He'll supply every not my wants necessarily, but my needs. What I need. I'm not saying God can't make you a millionaire. I'm not saying that. But I'm just saying don't be striving after. Don't be falling in love with it. If God bless you a million dollars, praise the Lord. I'll be like, "Thank you, Lord." Let's keep going. And disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answered again and said unto them, "Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God?" Can you pull that picture for me, sister? And he said, "It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." So I I want you to I want to put this like I want to put this so you guys can visualize this. It's not some needle, but a needle is this little door right here. So back in the day when a camel would enter, he would have to unload everything, go on his knees, and cross. I'm read this right here. The photo above is a similar gate in Nazareth. Illustrates the eye of the needle gate. Well, you can see that a camel could not pass through the gate unless first had all of it bagged, removed, and then stopped to get through the gate. So, sometimes we have things in our life that is stopping us from going through the eye of the needle. And we got to let go. We We got to take it off. We got to purge it so we can walk with Christ the way he wants us to walk. So, that if that camel had to do it, then so we got to do it, too. Because the way God is calling you is a straight and narrow way and you can't take a lot of things with you when you're walking with Christ. So things we got to sometimes dreams we got to push aside sometimes friends we got to leave all these things I I left many good friends not purposely but like when you're living the life of Christ your friends will slowly just walk away from you because there's two different spirits. You got the spirit of Christ and the spirit of the world. Simple. I lost a I had a best friend that was I known since high school and I haven't talked to him. He just he just proposed. I didn't know he had a girlfriend he proposed to. I didn't even know. I found on Facebook. I was like, "Okay, see." And I I haven't talked to him. I I try to contact him. Every time I would like, you know, um back I would try to, you know, reach out to him. He stopped being my friend because I I I just tell him the truth. You know, you need the Lord, man. And he would try to tell the same dirty jokes back in there. I'm like, "I'm sorry, man. I don't I don't tell jelly jokes anymore. I'm sorry. I'm not in that stuff anymore. I'm sorry, man. And it just it just wouldn't be as fun anymore. I would drink with them back in the day. Stop drinking. So, we lost the the things we had in common. And I like I'm And I didn't tell him, hey, I mean, I'm not doing this, but I just I was like, hey, I'm sorry, man. I don't drink anymore, man. I wouldn't laugh at the jokes. I'm sorry, man. I don't laugh in the jokes anymore. I'm sorry. It's just not who I am anymore. All right. So, let's keep it going. So, we see this young man rejected the very word that he claimed to follow. That that's crazy to me. People reject the very word that they're following. Same thing the Pharisees did. They really crucified the word of God that they they claim to read every morning, every day. And the same thing today, people are saying, "Oh, I'm a Christian. Oh, I'm this." But yet, you're living like the living like a devil, right? What sense is that? He rejected eternal life to follow a false god. This this rich man, he made riches and fame and fortune, his god. We see he knew he lacked something. He knew that he was missing something because even he went to church and believed in God, followed the commandments, was a good person, but yet he was still missing something. People still make the same mistake today. We see they go to church, but they never get to know who Jesus is personally. Never. They just go to church and learn, but never let Jesus into their heart. See, it's one thing knowing about Jesus, but it's different knowing Jesus because I can know about this person. I can hear stories about him. I But if I don't ever get to meet that person and know who he is, I'll never know who he truly is. I'll just know stories. Like if I just heard stories about testimonies of your life, but I never experienced a testimony. I don't know who Jesus is for myself. The testimony sounds amazing to me, but if I never experienced a personal experience with God, I'll never know who he truly is until I meet with him. So, let's keep it going. Um, see, a lot of people follow the golden rule. Oh, I'm a good person. The golden rule is good, but that is a ticket to heaven. The golden rule ain't a ticket to heaven. You should follow the golden rule. Yes. People say, "Oh, I believe in Jesus, but has to go so much deeper than that. So much deeper. Is he on the throne of your heart?" That's the question. Is he the center of your life? Is he your all and all? Is he your everything? Let's keep it going. read a quote and then we'll hop in. We'll see what this this uh rich young man went to after this. But the the prince that this young fellow was asked to pay was too great. He had to sell out. Are you willing to to wait it out for a husband or wife? Are you willing to wait it out? Don't don't don't just go based upon looks cuz looks will fade. It's what's in here that's going to last forever. Cuz many people make that. That's why uh this world is filled with so much divorce cuz people going after how they make me feel physically. Oh, are they funny? this and that. They ain't looking at what's inside of here because when you look inside of here, you'll see that person truth. A lot of a lot of times people don't pray about it. Pray about it. Don't just go Don't just go and waste your time. Cuz I I'm a firm believer that our time is so important. Pray about things. Say, "God, help me. Help me to notice. Help me to be ready for when the time comes that I'm ready to court. I'm ready to have a relationship." Because a relationship is a lot. And you want to make sure that God is in both lives. You want to make sure that person has a actual personal walk with God because if not, you're taking a gamble. And if you want to gamble, there's casino over there. But we ain't gambling over there. So that's what it's doing. That's literally when you gamble with somebody's not the world, you might as well just step in that big guitar, say, "Here, take my money." That's the same same way. That's what you're doing. When you say, "Oh, I'm going to try this person out." You you might as well look at that guitar and say, "Here, take my money. It's it's a dangerous it's a dangerous thing to do. Um because God gives us wisdom for a reason and we got to use that wisdom. I don't care how good the girl looks. I don't care how beautiful she is. I don't care if she got hair down to here and make sure she's the real thing. Because a lot of people will do putons and when you get married to them then they show off. Yes, sir. I even said this. You can marry a person could be a good person necessarily not a believer and you marry him and then the devil will change that person. Brother Jack mentioned that uh in Jubilee the uh the the uh boss could be good to the to the slave and then he decides to stay and then the boss just changes. Same thing relationship that person might not be good anymore. Devil might get a hold of him and and just run havoc in your life. Then you get a divorce and then maybe you have kids. Now the kids suffer because you decided not to pray about it. You decided not to see the person's life. And now the kids are not going to have a a family dynamic. They're going to have a separate dynamic. And that's not fair to the kids. We don't realize that every decision you make is going to impact not only you but your friends, your family, your kids. And those decisions are important. Be careful who you invest your I'm say again. Be careful who you invest your time with. Be careful because you can't get that time back. It's not like stocks. I I can lose money and gain money, but time you can't lose and gain it. Once you lose it, it's gone forever. Let's go to Luke 16 verse 19. Luke 16. Sorry. Luke 16 19. We'll see where this this rich young ruler came from. We'll see where he came where he where he went. I said 16:19. Okay. All right. All right, let's let's uh we'll pick it up in verse 19. There was a certain rich man. So now we're picking up where this man is now. He's a rich man which was clothed in a purple and fine linen and fared simply every day. So we see this man still his riches continued. So now prosperity does not necessarily mean you're close with God. A lot of people think oh prosperity. So I can tell you you got TD Jake. Let me not mention names. You got this preacher over here, that preacher over here rolling in money, but they ain't on the word of God, right? So, it shows me that that prosperity isn't a sign that you're following God cuz there's a lot of millionaires out here. There's lots of millionaires all over the place. Uh YouTube uh stars get be are millionaires. Tik Tocker stars and millionaires. But does that mean they're serving God? No, it doesn't. So, and there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate full of sores, and desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table. Moreover, the dogs came and licked his sores. And it came to pass that the beggar died and was carried by the angels unto Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died and was buried. And in hell he lifted up his eyes, being in torment, uh, and seeth Abraham a far off, and Lazarus in his bosom. So now this man, I love how brother Brandon really brings it out. He said this man was probably patted on the back. Oh man, you're amazing. You're a man of God. You give to the poor. All these things. He was being his his um ego was being pumped up. But yet when it was his time to meet with his maker, he realized that he didn't live a life that he he realized that he made the biggest mistake of his life by rejecting Jesus Christ when he was young. He thought that, oh, I still go to church. I'm still a good person. I still wear a skirt. I still I don't wear this. I don't wear this. I don't wear makeup. It goes more than not just about make it goes more just about makeup and and skirts. It goes much deeper than that because whatever's on the outside is going to go on the inside. So don't don't don't be don't put a put on. God didn't call us to be actors. God didn't cause us to be actors. Let it be a true life. Don't do it because mom and dad said so. Because mom and dad, they're they have their own stand. You got to take a stand. Let's keep it going. In hell he lifted up his eyes being in torment and seeing Abraham a far off and Lazarus in the b his bosom. And he cried and said, "Father Abraham, have mercy on me." It was too late for mercy then. And send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue for I am in torment in this flame. So now to whoever now whoever thinks that hell is going to be amazing, he this man was in torment in flame. No parties, no no P Diddy parties, none of that junk, none of that stuff. None of that stuff was there. See? So, and cool that tongue off. I'm tormenting the flame. But Abraham said, "Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivest thy good things." So, he chose to receive all the good things on this side. And he decided that, oh, I'm going to enjoy I'm going to live my life to the fullest. People say back in my day I used to say yolo. I don't know if you guys remember that. That's my day said that. So you only live once. That's what it stands for. And the thing is it's true you only live once. But do you want to take that chance and be in hell? Cuz uh I I know for one thing for me I I lived a tiny bit of that life and it wasn't fun. No, it really wasn't fun. I mean it's not fun at all. It's actually very dangerous. Um you could kill somebody if you drive drunk. Um, if you if you underage drink, you can go to jail. There's many things. There's many risk you're running a lot lot. You could um when you go to party like that, you can wind up pregnant. Now you're a a teen a pregnant teen. It's like it's too it's too many risk right there. I'm looking at it's too many risk. I've always learned that you want to weigh out the pros and cons. And to me, there's way too many cons. And there's no pros. So, let's keep it going. All right. So um but Abraham said, "Remember that thou in thy lifetime receiveth thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things. But now he is comforted, and thou are tormented. And besides all this, between us you and there is a great gulf fixed, so that they would which pass from hence to you cannot, neither can they stand to us that would come from thence." Then he said, "I pray thee, therefore," it's a little too late to pray now. I think he waited a little too late to pray. So don't don't wait until too late to pray. I'll tell you that because uh we in torment ah God ain't going to hear that. The mercy is gone. Like like grace, God's grace is a is a span given from when you're born until the day you're called. Don't miss that. Don't miss He's on a mercy seat right now. Don't miss why he's on the mercy seat. Some people say, "Oh, I'm had a deathbed confession." Some people don't have a deathbed. They die instantly. young people dying all the time just like that instantly. Just like that. And so don't say, "Oh, I'm going to I'm going to live my life and then have a deathbed confession." Not everybody's going to get a chance like a thief on the cross. That's the truth. Tomorrow's never promised. And besides, uh, he says, "A gulf between us." This is verse 27. And he said, I pray thee therefore, father, thou would send him to my father's house, for I have five brethren that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment. Abraham said to him, "They have Moses and the prophets, let them hear them." And he said, "Nay, Father Abraham, but if one went from unto them from the dead, they will repent." And he said unto him, "If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither they will be persuaded though rose from one rose from the dead." I love how he said that because this man had Jesus Christ in front of him, he missed it. Pharisees had Jesus Christ and still missed it. So he's saying if they don't listen to the word of God, they definitely going to listen to one come from the dead. So I like if Jesus came today, people would miss it even worse cuz everybody uh Brother Brandham said there's over 900 Christian denominations in 1960s and now there's over 30,000. I don't know what the math is on that. That's that's a that's a big percentage. So 37 different type of denominations. You got first bath, you got first baptist, second baptist, third baptist, f first Methodist, second Methodist, third. Which one's right? There's three different ones in each category. You got you got a African-American Episcopal Methodist church. You got this and that. And I'm like, which one is right? You got churches only allow whites, only church allow blacks. It's like, where where is the unity at? God called for unity. If if if you have a church that that can't have unity, then God I read my Bible. God is about oneness. He's not about separation. Only thing you separate is from unbelief. That's the only thing you separate from. All right, let's keep it going. How am I on time? Oh, it's getting late. All right. His payoff came certainly. He had a great funeral service. No doubt some well trained. Give me five more minutes. I'll be done. I promise. I I want to lie to you. I'll try five minutes. No doubt some well-trained clergymen come and spoke. No matter I guess he had the Christian businessmen of Paulbearsers and he had the celebrity of the country out and maybe a government official that they half massed a flag for him. All the dignitaries was there and the pastor no doubt or that man the priest whoever preached his funeral preached such a sermon that would touch the people with how great this man even to the poor in the street he gave. Oh our brothers in heaven today. But Jesus said he lifted up his eyes in hell and saw the policyh hold of eternal life far off in the bosom of Abraham and he took the way with the Lord's despised few as Jesus said blessed are they when men shall persecute you in the chapter chapter uh fifth chapter of Matthew say all men are evil against you falsely for my name's sake blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom blessed are the meek they shall inherit the earth you're the policy of eternal life yet he remained a member of the church see how notice You say, "Did he?" Yes. How can I prove that, preacher? He said, "Father Abraham, Father Abraham, I pray thee to send that policy holder down here with just a little bit of water. These flames are tormenting me." Watch Abraham, a son, a professed Christian, professed believer, as you would call it. You had your opportunity. You offered the opportunity of the policy of eternal life, which would give you the assurance of coming here. But you turned it away. You wouldn't take it. Now this poor man yet he accepted it. Now he is comforted. Now you are the beggar. Wow. I didn't see that before reading that. He said now you are the beggar. So this man you saw begging every day. You had all these nice things, but now the roles are reversed. Now you're the beggar and now you can't get no handouts. There's no handouts in hell. He missed his handout. God gave him a handout and he chose to take it away. He said, "I don't I I don't want your food. I I don't want to I don't want eternal life. I don't want bread. I don't want the bread that comes down from heaven and makes me whole. And he got what he You reap what you sow. Same thing in our lives. Whatever you are reaping, whatever you will sow. If you're planting little, you'll plant little. If you're investing little in in your walk with Christ, you'll reap little with your walk with Christ. Oh, I love Brother B says, "Oh, don't let this happen to you, friends. Don't make the same mistake. The way assurance can come is by Christ. The assurance that you are saved, that you're a policyholder. Now, if you haven't got that, why not take it? I like this song. I think somebody in a message might have wrote it, but I'm going to read it. I'm not going to sing. I'm not a singer. So, it's called stand. So, it says, I decided to take a stand, not believing I would lose my best friend, but I rather live right than living than in hell and lift my eyes. Says, oh, God's children, just stand. Oh, stand. Tell someone you stand. Then it says, stand for holiness. Stand for righteousness. And be counted among the men that shall reign with him. You stand when friends are gone. When you're all alone and believe he shall receive his own. All right, we going we going to speed read a little bit in in John. We doing a little little speed reading a little bit because we're running out of time. All right, so we're going to go to John chapter 3. So I want to just I want to make this so important. Whoever is listening, young people, you must be born again. Amen. You must there's no back door. Jesus said he's the way, the life, and the truth. You must be born again. There's no substitute. There's no serum. The only serum is to be born again. Don't think that you're born again. I rather I rather be born again and not know it but strive to be be born again. I rather have that all day because when we get comfortable sometimes we don't strive. So let's go. Uh so Nicodemus coming to him start verse one. There was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus a ruler of the Jews. The scain came to Jesus by night and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou a teacher come from God for no man can do these miracles except thou do except God be with him. And Jesus said unto him, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, look, it says, except a man be born again, not maybe, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." He cannot see the kingdom of God unless he's born again, filled with the Holy Ghost, and sealed away until the his until the day of redemption. And let's we'll go to John 10, and we'll speed read. And Jesus said unto them again, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door. All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear him. I am the door. By me, if any man enter, and he shall be saved, and shall go in and out and find pasture." Look, look what the devil does. The thief come not, but to steal, to kill, and to destroy. That's all the devil wants to do in your life is to steal, kill, and destroy. Young people, if you listen to the devil, he will steal, kill, and destroy. You'll do things that you'll have regret. You'll have scars. you you'll be uh doing things with people you probably shouldn't be doing and you'll have regret. So don't listen to the devil. Follow God right now. Make a stand. Invite him to your heart right now. I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. All right. So now I'm I'm going to All right. I'm have to stop. I'm going to read. We're going to read one more scripture. I'm I'm going to stop. Okay. There's only one way you can go through Jesus Christ. You have to have to go God's provided way. It's the only way to go. Any other way is death. and we'll go first kings and we'll close after this. All right. So f All right. I'm we'll read that in one more quote. So first Kings um we'll go 18:21. And Elijah came unto all the people and said, "How long halt you between two opinions?" Maybe some there's people here tonight maybe on a live stream. How long are you going to hawk between two two opinions? If the Lord be God, follow him. If if Baal be Ba, then follow him. And the people answer. So if God is God, follow him. Give him give him your heart. Give him your life right now. And we'll close on this quote here in um instance 1962. And you know that there were some of the borderline believers that stood close and listened halfway. Probably like that rich young ruler, but they said we better go up. We know he was a good old man if there would come such a thing. We'll be standing close. Don't just be standing close. Be inside. Get in the arkw open now. Right? Because many people probably thought, "Oh, I I'll just get in at the last minute." But it was sealed shut and the water, man, this like this water won't stop. And eventually they drowned. So don't be like them. Don't stand close. Get in. Get in while the door's open right now. If there will come such a thing, we'll be standing close where we can get, oh, we get right in. He will open the door. But remember, Noah had no way of opening it. Just like with the the foolish virgins and the wise virgins. Some took oil with their vessels, some didn't. So don't be like the foolish virgins. Many people will come in that day and say, "Lord, oh Lord, did we not cast out demons? Did we not heal the sick?" And he said, "Depart from me." And these people were going to church. They were praying every day. They was reading the word every day, witnessing probably um soup suppers, all these things. But God said, "I did not know you, you workers of iniquity." He they never had a personal walk with him. They just went to church. That's it. It's more than just sitting in a seat. We got to get involved. Our life has to be on display for God. All right. He opened the door. Remember, uh, but don't don't you borderline with God. Don't you just be a good man. Oh, I like that. Don't you borderline with God. Don't just be a good man or good woman. You be filled with the Holy Ghost, baptized into the body by the Holy Ghost. Don't take a heresy, nothing about it. Stay there until you're dead and your life is new in Christ. Says stay there until you're dead and your life is new in Christ and you're whole. Life is changed. Just don't take an emotional sensation. Don't that don't do that. That that um stay there until something actually happens that change you completely. Stay there until something actually happens that changes you completely. So just in closing, let let's make an investment tonight. Let let's make an investment that will pay off in dividends. It will not only pay off here, but it'll pay off into the next world to come and and then some and then some. So, we got to make an investment in our internal destination. It's the only thing that's going to pay off. It's the only thing that's not going to depreciate. Uh I'm cool with Roth and IAS. All the things are good, but this investment is an investment that you you can't miss the opportunity. Eternal life is not something you want to miss because that time of regret, you're gonna be just like the rich man in hell lifting your eyes up. I don't want to see nobody lifting their eyes up in hell. I expect to see every one of you guys here with me on the other side rejoicing. Even on live stream, I expect to see you on the other side with me rejoicing. And so, no man left behind, no woman, no child left behind. All right. So, let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear gracious Lord, Father, I I didn't even get through all my notes, Lord. You you you know best, Lord Jesus. And Father, I'm just so thankful, Lord, that we can serve a mighty God, Lord, who you're still in the mercy seat, Lord. You're still calling us. You're still calling out to others, Lord Jesus, drawing men unto you. Father, this little word, Lord, that you spoke to us tonight, Lord. Let it just find such a hide it away in our hearts, Lord Jesus, that we may go out, Lord, and and just invest more of our time to you, Lord. Let us be careful the things that we in uh allow into our lives, Lord Jesus. Father, we only get one life. We only get one chance at this life, Lord. Let us not miss this opportunity you're giving us, Lord. You're speaking life to us right now. You're holding your hands out and say, "My child, come to me. I have I I have I have something for you. And Lord, may we just take that opportunity, Lord. Let us not be like that that rich man, Lord, who who who denied it, who who who just walked away from it, Lord. And then he thought, Lord, that uh that he could just outlive a good life and not have eternal life. But Lord, he saw his his demise. He saw where he ended up, Lord. Father, let us not end up in that same predicament, Lord. Father, you've given us an end sample, Lord Jesus, to show us that that's not the way to go, Lord. Father, may we take the away with the Lord's despised few, Lord. May May this be the night, Lord, that people get filled with the Holy Ghost. May this be the night where people get rebaptized. May this be the night where people get delivered. May this be the night, Lord Jesus, that we look back at this night and say, "Lord, I'm thankful I chose you." Say, "Lord, I'm thankful that I listen to your call. Thank you for calling me by my name." He knows your name. He knows the number of head hairs on your head. He knows what you like, what you dislike. And almighty God, we we we want to just live a life engulfed in you, Lord Jesus. May you just engulf us, Lord. May you take all malice, all envy, all strife away. Lord, may you take away any imperfection that's inside of us, Lord. Send your Holy Ghost tonight, Lord, and just purge us, Lord Jesus. Just just just purge us a flame, Lord. Just set us on fire for you, Lord Jesus. And Father, we'll be careful to give you all the glory and honor, Lord. May you Lord just have have lordship in our hearts and our life Lord Jesus. And father we thank you for all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. [Music] Wow, what a word. Anybody glad to hear it from their favorite preacher, the Holy Ghost tonight. Amen. Amen. Um yeah, it's it's important. Um it's not even getting too much into it. I'm glad God purposed me to be here this message of the hour. If it was up to me, I wouldn't be here. I had to be called. Didn't know I would be here with a mic in my hand, but I was called. So, I thank the Lord for [Music] it. Um, let us stand. We'll sing a song. [Music] Lord, whatever you're doing in this season, don't do it without me. Don't do it without [Music] me. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Amen. God bless you. I'm going to ask brothers come and dismiss brothers would just miss you after prayer for this prayer. Dear heavenly father, thank you for the word that's went forth, Lord God. Lord, we're just so thankful, Lord, that we can hear something that's just so right on time, Lord God. So fresh, Lord, fresh mana, Lord, for us to eat, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you for letting Brother Mark get out of the way, Lord God. Lord God, I I pray the words that he say, Lord, not only just touch the youth, Lord, but touch all of us, Lord Jesus, in one way or another, Lord God, to get us ready, Lord Jesus. Lord God, we we can be ready for the rapture, Lord God. So it starts with us, Lord Jesus. Lord, just let us be prepared for that time, Lord. No man, nor the day nor the hour, Lord Jesus. So let us stay ready, Lord God, to be able to die to ourselves, Lord, and be re be born again in you, Lord Jesus. Lord as we commit to service hands Lord we thank you for everyone here in a way Lord Jesus in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Others will dismiss. God bless you [Music] [Music] church. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music]
