################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - I Will Restore Saith The Lord - Bro Jack Duff (07-06-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    I Will Restore Saith The Lord - Bro Jack Duff (07-06-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v82HhRl9y5E
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hey, [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Whatever you [Music] I [Music] go [Music] the same yesterday, today and forever. Yes, he is my you. Whatever you need, God is God is God is God. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] he's [Music] God is God is God [Music] God [Music] is my [Music] Oh, praise the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Whatever you need is in him. He's your all and all. He's the great I am. What he did for others, he'll do for you. Amen. If you need healing, I am. You need deliverance, I am. You need help in your finances, I am. God is. Praise the Lord. That's ever present. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's let's open our Bibles to Psalms 121. Praise the Lord. [Music] Praise the Lord. Psalms 121 reads, "I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence cometh my help." Amen. Yes. My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth. He will not suffer thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. The Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil. He shall preserve thy soul. Yes. The Lord shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth even forever more. Amen. I believe it. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, Lord God, for being our help, Lord Jesus. Father, everything that we go through, Lord, you are there. Thank you, Lord, Father, and you care. Lord, you know what we have need of before we ever ask, Lord Jesus. And your heart's desire is to give us, Lord, everything that we have need of. You desire to give us our very hearts desire, Lord. And one of our greatest hearts desires, more of you, Father. We have come into the house of the Lord to hear your precious word, Lord God, that it may transform our lives, Lord God, from where we are now to where you want us to be, Lord Jesus. We're grateful, Lord, that you delivered us from who we were to who we are now, Lord Jesus. But there's somewhere you're trying to take us, Lord. Father, you're trying to bring us to perfection, Lord. And that can only be done, Lord Jesus, by our five-fold ministry. So, Father, we pray for our brethren that's preaching your word all across this globe, Lord Jesus. That you are anointing each one, Lord God, to deliver your message to your people. And may every person that hears the word of God that that has a segene of eternal life, Lord, be birthed this day, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, we're ready to go home. We're ready to see your glorious faith face, Lord Jesus. And we're ready, Lord, to have our bodies changed. We're just, Lord, we're trying to make ourselves ready, Lord, by being clothed by your word. So, I pray, Almighty God, bless every hearer and doer of your word this day, Lord, and be glorified in our lives. We commit this service. We commit ourselves into your care. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. I wish by now you have and wipe my tears away. stepped in and saved a day once again. [Music] And it's still raining. But as the thunder rolls, I barely hear your whisper through the rain. I'm with you. And as your mercy falls, I raise my hands and praise the God who gives and takes away. And I'll praise you in this storm. And I will lift my hands for you are who you are. No matter where I am. And every tear I cry. You hold in your hands. You never left my side. And though my heart is whole, oh, I will praise you in this storm. [Music] I remember when I stumbled in the wind. Heard my cry. Raise me again. [Applause] [Music] Car if I can find you. As the bond rolls, I clearly hear you whisper through the rain. I'm with you. And as your mercy falls, I raise my hands and praise a God who gives and takes away. I'll praise you in this world and I will lift my hands for you are who you are. No matter where I am and every tear I cry, you hold in your hands. You never left my side. And though my heart is true, oh I will praise you in this song. And though my heart and though my heart is warm, oh I will praise you in this song. I praise you. I'll praise you in this s [Music] for you are who you are. No matter what I am in every tear I cry. You hold in your hands. You never left my side. And though my heart is Oh, I will praise you in this room. Though my heart, though my heart is Oh, I will praise you in this song. One more time. Though my heart, though my heart is whole, I will praise you in this storm. [Music] [Applause] My eyes unto the heels. Where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord of heaven in my eyes. Oh my eyes, my hell. [Music] I lift my eyes onto the earth. Oh, one more time. My hope comes from the Lord. [Music] And I'll praise you in this storm. I will lift my hand. You are who you are. No matter where I am, every day I cry, you holding your hand. You never left my side. And though my heart is torn, [Music] I praise you in this storm. [Music] It's the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones. All thrones and dominions. All powers and positiones. Your name stands above them. Say your name. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones, all thrones and your all and possessions. Your name stands above the wall and the angels cry [Music] all creation. [Music] You're holy. You are Holy forever. And the angels cry say, "Holy, [Applause] you're so holy. You're holy. [Music] [Music] Oh, your name [Music] say your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above the Lord of hosts. [Music] Hey, your name stands above. Come on, say it again. Your name, your name, your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name, your name. Hey, all in your name is all power. Your name stands above all. Come on, say it again. Your name, your name is the highest. Your name. Hey, your name. [Music] Oh, all thrones and [Music] all power your name. [Music] And the angels sing. [Music] Yes. So holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. [Music] forever. When the angels cry, you're so holy, [Music] holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy forever. ever. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you Lord [Music] Jesus. [Music] Yes. [Music] Holy, holy, forever. And the angels cry. And the angels cry holy. All creation cry holy. You are lifted high, holy, holy forever. Hear just the voices. And the angels cry. And the angels cry. Holy [Music] all creation Christ. Holy. You are lied high. Holy, [Music] holy forever. [Music] Amen. [Applause] I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship [Music] you, oh my soul. Rejoice, take joy, take joy, my king. Oh, what you hear? Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. I love Oh, say say I love you, Lord. Oh, and I lift my voice [Music] to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice, [Music] take joy, my king. Oh, what you hear? Let it be a sweet, sweet. Oh, let it be a sweet a sweet sound. Oh Lord, let it be acceptable in thy sight. Let it be sweet [Music] in your [Music] [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Amen. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today it is mine. I told Satan gave me the high. Victory today my s victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. [Music] I sat gave me behind. Victory today is mine. Well, when I rose this morning, I didn't have no doubt. knew that the Lord will bring me out. So I got down on my knees. God, Lord, help me please. Got to sing, shouting, victory, victory, [Music] victory, victory. Today [Music] I told Satan you better get me behind. Victory today is mine. My journey on through this bar. I know that I need all my sins confess my heart and soul is blessed. Life is filled with happiness. Say victory. Victory. Victory today. I told Satan, you better get me behind. Victory today. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today. [Music] I told Satan you better get get behind joy today. Well happiness happiness happiness today. [Music] I told that devil, you better get get me behind happiness today. Yeah. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost. Today. I sat. The Holy Ghost. I like that. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost. Today [Music] I told Satan you better get get me behind. Holy Ghost today. Come on. One more time. Victory, victory, victory today. [Music] Say, I told Satan, I told Satan, I told Satan, I told that devil, I told Satan, I told Satan, I told that devil, I told Satan, I told Satan, I told Satan, I told I told Satan, you better get in your heart. Victory today is mine. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. He's a very present help in a time of trouble. He's the one that gives you the victory. Amen. And it don't matter what you're going through right now. You're victorious through Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You all may have your seats. We're going to ask brother Capers to come at this time. Bless the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let the Lord use them. You love him. Pray for me. Well, I feel good. Good. Good. Well, I feel good all in my soul. Cuz every time I think about Jesus, I feel good. Well, I feel good. Good. Good. I feel good all in my soul. Every time I think about Jesus, I feel good. Amen. Praise God. My caught me off guard this morning. Amen. Coming to you. Coming to you. Coming to you. So come and [Music] don't you let this goel we heard become coming to you. Coming to you. [Music] Come unto you. Come unto you. So come unto you. Don't you let this goel we heard become common unto you. Maybe you were down in Egypt land crying, "Lord, send us a son of man." You sent the seventh angel with the spoken word, preaching revelation like you never heard. [Music] I say come unto you. Lord, come unto you. Coming to you. So come to you. Don't you let this goel we have become common to you. At night I lay in bed as I begin to cry. And my mind just fail to know exactly why. I can't explain with tong there deep within. It must be God. You're in my heart cuz I feel the [Music] Lord. Yes, Lord. Praise God. Amen. Y'all pray for me. Amen. Amen. Wow. Praise God. Down from his glory. A everlanting story. [Music] My God and Savior came. Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrow, tears and agony. Bless him. Bless his holy name. Praise his holy name. Oh my. Amen. Lily of the valley. Oh my God. Let your sweet aroma fill my life. Roses share and show me how to grow in beauty in God's side. There is the 10,000. Make me a reflection of your love. Oh day star shine down on me. Let your love flow through me in the night. [Music] Lord I see a world is dying. wandered by the master of the sea. Oh, I saw them standing around groping in the darkness. They was haunted by years of paste. Yes. Yes. But oh, I see you soever near me, standing there smiling with compassion in your eyes. [Music] Oh Jesus, shine down on me. Let your love throw through me in the night. [Music] Let your love flow through me in the night. Y'all pray for the old man. Amen. Praise God. Amen. I had a rough night last night and up 3:00 this morning. Amen. So pray for me. Pray for me. Amen. Okay. I'm I'm not going to let the enemy defeat me. Amen. Okay, I'm going sing a song. I'm sing a song. At night I lay in bed as I begin to cry. And my mind just fail to know exactly why. I can't explain. With tongues appear, the spirit groaning deep within. It must be God in my heart. Cuz I feel the P. I feel the P. I hear the call. [Music] And I know his spirit moves in me. to you my own. [Applause] Ye speak to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the p. I feel the p. I hear the call. And I know his spirit move in me to yield my own. [Music] He speak to me [Music] and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the P. I went to hear the word. And with each line and phrase, he was calling me to give a higher praise. deser deep call you to deep like a joy magnet pulling me and I know for sure that I've reached a goal cuz I feel the pull [Music] I feel the Yes, Lord. I hear the call and I know his spirit move in me to yield my own. He speak to me and I agree. me. Lord, please come and take control. I feel your p. I must apologize to the church. Amen. Amen. I'll do better than next time. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. It's hard when you get caught off guard to come up and just sing a song. So, he just had to be still till God gave him something to ride on. Amen. That's all right, brother Capers. God richly bless you, brother. We appreciate. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's good to see each one of you. Um, we don't have any written requests. No doubt there's requests on everybody's heart. Sister, don't know your name, but God richly blessed you. It's good to have you in the house of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. May I have the announcements? Um, Brother Jack wants to meet with the church immediately after service. So, just uh hold your place. We'll we'll allow our sister to walk out and then he'll come out and say a few words, whatever he got to speak to us about immediately after service. So, God bless you. Amen. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. We'll continue to stream via Facebook at SAT Tabernacle and the church's website, john423.org. We have brother's virtual prayer Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. And remember, on Wednesday, July 23rd, we won't have a service here. So, put that on your calendar. I know we all used to coming in on Wednesday, but we won't have service July 23rd. And then South Florida choir rehearsal, uh, musician rehearsal will be Friday, July 18th at Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach at 6:00 p.m. Huh? Is that what? Seven. Seven. Okay. They changed it to for musician. Just musician. All right. Man, I got that messed up. Amen. South Florida Choir musicians rehearsal. Amen. Friday, July 18th. It'll be at 700 p.m. That's for all the musicians. Amen. And then the South Florida choir rehearsal will be July 12th. That's a Saturday coming up. It be at Bride of Bride of Christ Tabernacle. That'll be at 6 p.m. Amen. And then we have guest ministers coming in. Brother JZ will come in July 13th and then brother Gideon will be Wednesday July 16th and uh we'll continue to prepare for our meetings. I will restore sayeth the Lord. Amen. That is the inspiration for the meetings. Amen. We're expecting restoration. Amen. Amen. If you need something restored, prepare your hearts. Do some fasting, some praying. Get ready for the services. Amen. And that'll be July 25th through July 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School. As for our giving, there's a wooden box in the back. When you come in, you can drop it in there. As you leave, you can drop your given in there. Online, there's three ways of giving. Zel, PayPal, and Cash App. For Zel and PayPal, the email address you would use is given at johnh423.org. We do prefer that you use zel. There are no fees associated with zel. And then for cash app is dollar sign spirit and truth t for those who desire to mail in your giving at Spirit and Truth Tabernacle P. Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Let's pray one more time. Father, we thank you Lord Jesus for your glorious presence Lord amongst your people this morning. And Father, we want to thank you Lord by presenting to you another portion of our worship, our giving. Lord, we give Lord God because you first gave to us, Lord. And we can't give without you giving. So, Father, from our heart, Lord, we return, Lord, that Lord, your kingdom, Lord, may be able to function as you have prepared it, Lord Jesus. There's a certain way you set it up, Lord. And we want to abide by and be obedient to your word. So bless, Lord God, the giver as we bless you, Lord. Have your way. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't see Sister Michelle, but you know, Brother Capus gave us a little tease on that coming to you. So, uh, we going to sing that a little bit and then we'll change the order of the service and invite our pastor to come. Come unto you. Come unto you. come unto you. So come unto you. Don't you let this goel we have come [Music] unto you. Come un come un come unto you. Come on. Lord. [Music] So come on. Come unto you. Come unto you. Don't you let this goel we have [Music] come unto you. Remember you were down [Music] in Egypt land crying Lord send us the son of man. He sent the seventh angel with a spoken word speaking revelations like you never heard. Oh no, no, no. Come unto you. Come on. Oh, [Music] say come unto you. So come unto you. Don't you let this goel we have come come unto you. Come on. Come and say, "Oh, come on." Say, "Come on." [Music] So come true. Don't you let this goel don't you let [Music] please please please don't you let don't you let this goel we have be gone come unto you. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Applause] Amen. We need to feed on it day and night. Amen. Stand to your feet. Amen. The best way to not let it become common is to believe it. Amen. Amen. And apply it. Amen. We're going to change the order of the service and invite Brother Jack to come at this time. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. Soon as I stop worrying, worrying how the story end when I let go and I let God let God have his way. That's when things start happening. When I stop looking at badness, when I let go and I let God, let God have his way. As soon as I stop worrying, worrying how the story ending, I let go and I let God let God have his way. That's when things start happening. When I stop looking at back then. When I let go. When I let go. Say it again. [Music] I let go. When I go that's looking back in Oh, and I let go. I let go. Oh, let go. Let go. Let go. and let God. Let go. Let God. Let go. And let God. Let go. And let God. Let go. And let God. Let go. And let God. Let go. Let God. As soon as working hard [Music] when I let go, let him have his way. I stop looking at see I let go and I I let go as soon as it see I let go [Music] I let this way. I stop looking at [Music] I let go. I let God I let God have his way. Somebody give him a hand of praise. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Encourage somebody. Say, "Let go and let God." Just turn around and tell them, "Let go. Let God. Let go. Let God." Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. and let go and let God. He got a way of doing things. Amen. Musicians, thank y'all so much. Appreciate y'all. Um thank you. Wonderful, wonderful song service uh here this morning. Uh really enjoyed that song. Holy uh the angels cry. Amen. Just a really wonderful atmosphere. Thank God for uh brother Capers. He said he was caught off guard. Amen. But we we appreciate him. And you know, I know um uh Brother Cap is 82 84. And um so I I just I just pray that all of us would be able to still sing specials at 84. And and and when you know he say, "I want the devil to get the victory." No, the devil got a black eye. Um because the Lord just reminded you of all those songs that's been in your spirit for for years. And we just appreciate you so much. You and Sister Capus. And Amen. We thank God for you. So, Amen. We appreciate appreciate the special this morning. Um, I'll ask that you would turn your Bibles. I I know that um, Brother Solomon acknowledged. We we we would like to know the sister's name, though. Is this Sister Virginia's sister? Okay. What What's your name? Leticia. Leticia. So good to have you with us. Amen. I think I recently saw a picture of y'all somewhere. Amen. So, uh, but it's good to have Sister Virginia sister with us. Amen. on today. Um I am going back to a very familiar passage that we've preached on for the last couple years in Joel chapter 1 and Joel chapter 2. And uh we'll pick up a thought as I mentioned to you all on last week. I have been um uh desiring just to touch this as we prepare for the meetings. There are a lot of things that are coming up in the upcoming weeks that I won't get a chance to uh speak before the meetings. Uh next week we have a guest minister and then the week after that uh I know that I have my wife's family uh the family reunion. They've been going 50s something years straight. So we'll we'll be there in attendance and then after that we'll be coming uh right into the meetings. But I wanted to try to uh set a foundation. Amen. If I could uh for that. And as uh brother Solomon was just saying, if that's the inspiration for the meetings, then we're looking for God to do that. Amen. We want to see testimonies of restoration that come out of the meetings. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And and if you know somebody that need to experience restoration, I want to encourage you to invite them uh to the meetings because if you just get them there, then God is able to do something supernaturally. Praise God. Amen. I I believe that. So uh here in uh Joel 1 and chapter the first chapter verse uh 4 it says that which the palmer worm hath left hath the locust eaten and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerorm eaten and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpillar eaten. My God. Brother Random called the this insect. It's actually uh four different stages of the same insect and he call them the little rascal. little rascal because this little rascal not only come into the church but this little rascal comes into individual's lives and uh and it starts just little simple things and then you know as a palmer stage and then next thing you know it comes to locust stage and then it goes to uh a cankerorm and and and and then caterpillar and by the time it get to that caterpillar like oh my goodness it look like it's hopeless until we go to chapter too. Yes, sir. Amen. This shows us that God sees what the what the little rascal rascals have done. Amen. And God's not pleased with what the little rascals have done. So God has a plan for them little rascals. Hallelujah. Uh verse 23 says, "Be glad then." How can you be glad when all this done happened? But the scripture says, "Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he have given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month." Now I want to uh just highlight that we're looking for amen spirit and truth to be uh expressed there in our meetings. We want to experience the power of the Holy Ghost uh but we want the revelation of the word to come as well. Right? So we're going to get both of those. He says, "And the floor shall be full of wheat and the fats shall overflow with wine and oil." And we are in the year of overflow. And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerorm, and the caterpillar, and the palmer, my great army, which I sent among you. And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied. And praise the name of the Lord your God, that have dealt wondrously with you, and my people shall never be ashamed. Amen. And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the Lord your God, and none else, and my people shall never be ashamed. And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions, and upon the servants, and upon the handmmaids. Uh, in those days will I pour out my spirit. Amen. The Lord added a blessing to the reading of his word. Let us Amen. just have a a brief word of prayer. Praise the Lord. Father, we are again grateful for the opportunity we have to come into the house of God. We have felt your presence, your mighty mighty presence uh in this place and uh we are um uh confident that Lord anything can happen when you come into the room. So Lord, if there is uh sickness, Lord, we pray that you would deal with sickness. And if there is uh salvation, that you would bring salvation, uh father, healing, uh deliverance, Lord, filling and refilling of the Holy Ghost, God, whatever the people are in need of this morning, we pray that you would meet the need. And we trust, oh God, that you would just get the glory and honor out of uh what would be spoken and what would be received. we take control over every thought that is not amen the thought of God. But father may we uh be able to channel our thoughts Lord that we could hear from heaven uh on this day. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated in the presence of the Lord. Uh we will use for our title uh today. I will restore saith the Lord. Amen. I will restore saith the Lord. Uh there is um a little quote here that I'd like to get us started with and um out of the message adoption um the prophet gives us something here and he says uh look listen to uh this. It says predestination looks back to fornowledge. It says I mean election looks back to fornowledge and predestination looks to destiny. It says don't forget that election looks back here. Uh here it is. I was a cockleberg. I was born in sin shaped in iniquity. I come to the world speaking lies. born among sinners. That's everybody's testimony. And here it says, uh, father and mother and all my whole family sinners. I was a cockleber, right? But all of a sudden, I become a wheat grain. How did it happen? He says, uh, uh, that what is that? Election. How did I become a wheat grain? He says, election. God before the foundation of the world elected that cocklebar uh was to become a grain of wheat. Now I know I'm a grain of wheat because I'm saved. He says how do I do it? He says look back and see that he predestinated it long time ago by fornowledge he seen that I would love him. So he made a propitiation through his own son that through him I might become from a cockle bird to a grain of wheat. Amen. Now where am I at now? I'm saved. I'm walking in the grace of God. He says what does predestination look to destiny. Oh my my my my my. Yeah. I'm happy to be saved. I'm happy that Amen. God has changed my nature. But now there's a destiny. Amen. There's somewhere that we're going after we get here. He says, "What does predestin look?" He says, "To destiny. Where will he take me to and where am I going? That's got you. There you are." Amen. So, you know, I was just thinking about this uh this word uh predestination. How brother Brandon was talking about how this uh this looks to destiny. Uh predestination actually looks to destiny. And and I know that this is a word that um uh in in in the church world uh they have a lot of confusion with but uh but but let's let's at least le read the scripture. Amen. And then let the scripture help us kind of settle some of the confusion. Let's go to Ephesians chapter 1 verse 4 uh through 10. Glory to God. Amen. Predestination is looking to destiny. God is taking me somewhere. Amen. He's taking you somewhere as well. Hallelujah. Ephesians chapter uh 1 uh verse uh four it says, "According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love." When were you chosen? Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Then there was nothing you could do about this this selection. That's right. Amen. If you were chosen before the foundation of the world, then that's exactly what it is. You were chosen by God before the foundation world. Now, we want to we're going to try to clarify this now, but let's let's keep reading. He says, uh, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children." So election it is uh is it's it's looking looking at fornowledge but this predestination is looking at destiny. Destiny is taking us to adoption. It's taking us to our placing in Christ. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Predestination provides a way for your placing. I'mma say it again. Predestination provides a way for your placing. Oh my my my. having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the pleasure of his will. This ain't even got nothing to do with any of us. This is all for God's pleasure. God get pleasure out of seeing you serve him. That's right. Oh my my my my. Maybe you don't seem to get any pleasure out of it. Maybe you feel like this is a boring life. Maybe you feel like, amen, there there's more out there, amen, for you to do in the world. But what you go out to do in the world going to lead you to hell. God gets pleasure out of seeing you want to serve him. Brother, it pleased God when them Hebrew boys got thrown into that fire furnace. It pleased God so much that he told the angels, "No, you're not going down there." And no, you're not going down there. They say, "God, what you going to do about this? Look at what they took a stamp of view. Look at where they at right now." He said, "Don't worry about it. I got a plan in mind." Hallelujah. And God himself, this this was not an angelized job. This was a Godsized job. And sometimes God wants to step into your situation. Amen. Amen. That's what he did with the Hebrew boys. They saw the fourth man that took the heat out of the fire. Look, God gets pleasure. It's his pleasure. Amen. That's why we serve him. That's why we live for because he gets pleasure out of the life that we live. A holy sanctified life. Hallelujah. Let me go on. He says in verse 6 uh Paul tells us to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. Hallelujah. in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, uh, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, believe in him. So as I was just looking at this word uh predestinate that we found there in verse 5 where it says having predestinated us into the adoption of children uh the Greek lexicon uh gives a definition of this of this this word in the Greek lexicon is pronounced as prozizzo uh pro prozzo uh but in um the definition is to predetermine to decide beforehand uh and um Uh they they said in the New Testament it's God decreeing from eternity. Amen. To for ordain to appoint beforehand. Amen. So and when it says that we we were uh chosen in him before the foundation of the world, this mean God decided beforehand. Now we got to be careful with that because it's not just God deciding beforehand. It's God knowing that you would decide beforehand. That's right. Hallelujah. He could predestinate based on what he knew you would do. Oh, hallelujah. I'm so glad that he knew what we would do with the word in this hour. And and and and and I want to just I want to cuz I'm I'm coming to something here I want to I want to read to you. But but God knew what you would do with what we call the express word. Also, God knew what you would do with the predestinated word. All right, let me read another scripture out of Romans 8. Um, for this word predestinate, God uses this language in the scripture, so it's certainly perfect for the church to use this same language. Romans 8. And let's go to every Christian's favorite uh verse, verse 28. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. verse 28 says, "And we know sir, glory to God." Hallelujah. That all things work together uh for good to them that love God. Amen. To them who are called according to his purpose. Amen. For whom he did forno. Amen. And he also did predestinate to be conformed is predestination takes us to destiny. And this destiny, amen, to be adopted. This destiny to be conformed to the image of Christ. Amen. All he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. And you know, I remember growing up in church when we first came to this message, we used to hear a lot of sermons about predestination. And uh and and it was it was it was a certainly a blessing to hear. But I think some of us got a a misunderstanding of it. Amen. Because you know, we felt that if we were predestinated, then we could just do whatever we wanted to do. All right. No, that's not what predestination's all about. and and we felt that I could just keep sinning and if I'm predestinated, God going to bring me back anyway. No, that's not that's not how you view predestination. When you realize predestination actually has a destiny tied to it. Hallelujah. The destiny is not for you to continue in sin. The destiny is for you to become more like Christ. Yes, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So, it says this. Now, I I I love this this this the writings of Paul in this chapter. It says, "For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called." Amen. And whom he called, my God, look at all this that goes with this. Them he also justified. Brother, predestination, amen, gives you access to justification. And this justification is just as if you never did it in the first place. Hallelujah. Whatever the devil tried to pin on you, that was not me, Satan. Glory to God. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. I I want to I want to accept them charges. Amen. He He says this says, "Mom, whom he did predestinate, he also called and whom he called, them he also justified and whom he justified, them he also glorified." Amen. And Paul say, "Now, if y if that ain't enough to make you shout, what about this one? What shall we say to these things?" The things that he just spoke, "What shall we say to these things?" Hallelujah. Yes, sir. If God be for us, who can be against us? Brother, that ought to give freedom to every believer. If God is for you, then who can be against you? I don't care what devil is pointing his finger at you, that devil is a liar. Amen. Your God is both your judge and your lawyer and the jury. Amen. Brother, if God be for you, who can be against you? Amen. Brother Random says something here. Amen. in um in the in the message junction of time and I want to just make sure uh we we we have this this this statement um that I'm I'mma pull out of this quote. I want you to understand that predestination is based on God's omniscience. Predestination is based on God's omniscience because he's a all knowing God. Yes, sir. And and with him being all knowing, this is not like a uh when when I used to play basketball, we have pickup games and uh and you know, we we have to shoot for captains. So, we stand there on the foul line and we stand at the three-point line and and you have to shoot and whoever make whoever the first two guys make the shot, they get a chance to pick the team. And um and we all, you know, we all standing out there trying to shoot and make a shot and and uh if if you didn't make the shot, you have to depend on the guy that's picking the team as to whether he gonna pick you up or not. Hallelujah. He just saw you shoot now and you just missed everything. So this you brricked that that that that that free throw. You bricked it. So he like this guy can't shoot. And and you start you you start observing all around to see who the players are because you trying to win, right? And and so so so so when uh when you're out there on the basketball court, this is not for ordination. This is something that's actually happening at the moment. That's right. Right. I I I'm picking this guy based on my assessment of what he just did with that that shot that he did. Or if I've seen him play before, hallelujah, then I want to pick him and put him on my team. Or maybe he has some height and I need somebody to get some rebounds. or maybe he's a little quicker than the other guys. He might be able to steal the ball. I I I'm based on my assessment of these guys, I'm gonna pick four other players to play alongside me. That's not how God predestinates. Not at all. That's how man operates, but that's not how God operate. God before the foundation of the world, he knew how you would operate in this earth. Especially when you came in contact with the revealed word or the expressed word or the predestinated word. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. God knowing how you was going to respond to that, he says, "Okay, we can uh predestinate based on this and we can provide destiny based on their decision, not my decision." But let me tell you something. Your decision to serve him is something that brings him so much glory. truth. Even when you're going through and you still want to serve him, it bring him so much glory. Jesus. Let's read this out of Amen. the junction of time. It says, "Did you ever read over there in Romans nine how he said before either boy was born, Esau and Jacob, it says, uh, I hate one and love the other one." It says, "How can he be just and do that?" So, how can he be just and do that? It says, "By fornowledge, he knew what a rascal Esau was." I like that. What a rascal Esau was. He knew what a rascal Esau was. See, and he could predestinate. Not just say uh say say the word predestinate is not a good word to use. is for knowledge because he wouldn't just uh he wouldn't just that deliberately turn away because you have he wants you to go away. He He's not willing that any of you should perish, but by forn knowledge, he know that you'll do he know what you'll do even before you ever come on the earth. Right? God Oh, I if if if you if there's a scripture I'm I'm coming to it, but he knew you before the foundation of the world. And he knew what choices you were going to make once you got here to this world. And based on him knowing the choices that you would make, he could predestinate. Hallelujah. He says this. He says he's not willing that any of you should perish, but by for knowledge he know what you'll do even before you come uh on the earth. Sure for knowledge. He's infinite. He's God. He's omnipotent, omnipresent, omniscient. See, he knows all things, all wisdom, all time, covers all space, all power. He's infinite. He if he isn't that, he's not God. If he isn't almighty God, if he can't do all things, he's not almighty God. But if he's almighty God, he can do all things s. So that's the way we have to believe him. Amen. So he's referring here to Romans 9 and uh we can pick it up. Romans 9 11-13 is what he was just referring to. Uh and God God through his fornowledge, through his his wisdom, a that's how he predestinates. Amen. Not just by picking and choosing and I want you, I don't want you. No, it's it's it's what you want. This is based on what you want. Do you want him? Do you want to serve him? Do you want to live for him? And and let me tell you, if you don't, God got somebody that does want to live for him. And the one that wants to live him will bring judgment to your life. Amen. In your generation, God will have at least one witness that say, "I'm gonna live for him regardless of what happened. I'm still gonna live for him." Oh my my my my. Amen. He says this in Romans 9:1 says, "For the children, being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand not of works, but of him that calleth." Amen. He says, "It was said unto her, the elder shall serve the younger." As it is written, Jacob have I love, but Esau have I hated. And notice this, uh, uh, Paul is saying before they were even born, God could say, "Jacob I love, but Esau I hated." Now, you got to look at Jacob and Esau. You got to go back and look at these guys life. Amen. Uh, Jacob was a rough fella. the the a shyster. Brother Brandham call him always tricking people. I mean just it was just his nature to do things that that that just just got underneath his skin. This man tricked his brother, right? He tricked his own daddy and and and the mama knew she could cause that boy to do something like that because it was in his nature. When he got his father-in-law, he tricked the father-in-law. Yeah. And because he was tricking everybody. He got tricked on his wedding day. You got to watch what seeds you sow because they'll come back on you now. Hallelujah. This man was tricking everybody. But when he come in contact with God, hallelujah. When he had that experience where his his his walk changed, he wasn't tricking nobody no more. Hallelujah. My God. My God. And that that thing went down into his sons too now. Oh yeah. They say, "Now, you know that man, these guys just defiled our sister." What we want to do is just come up with a little plan. We'll have them all try to become like us. And the best way we can do it is they they they now they weren't born like us. But what we what we can do is have them go through this this circumcision and they'll be more like us. Now, them boys didn't they tricked that that was a trick because they knew when the man when they had them men agree to being circumcised, then the men couldn't fight. That's right. And after they got them circumcised, they went and killed all of them. See that? That thing was going from generation to generation. Oh, hallelujah. That's why you need a change inside of you so things don't pass to the next generation. You know you need a change. Amen. You know you need deliverance because I want that thing to stop here. Amen. Amen. Amen. But Esau, Esau did everything his daddy asked him to do. But but Esau just didn't he didn't he didn't have any respect for the birthright, right? He didn't have he didn't have respect for for for just about anything. He just knew it was coming to him because he was first born, right? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God don't want you to have that type of attitude, right? He wasn't desperate for nothing. Jacob was desperate for birthight. I mean, anything he could get, he was trying to get a blessing. He wanted the blessing. He wanted the birthright. And he would do whatever it took. And based on God knowing this man's amen decisions that he would make, God could hate one and love the other. That's right. Amen. Now, I want to tell you something. There are some folk that God is getting ready to restore and they I'm I'mma say it like this. They have said some things about you. They have said some things to you. They have walked away from the word. But God is getting ready to bring them back. Amen. And it's your response to them that God is watching. Yes, sir. Hallelujah, church. Amen. You better bury some of that stuff done that happened in the past. Amen. You better better learn to forgive and and and and try to forget. I know you can't forget, but try to forget. God, I know it happened, but I ain't going to bring it up. Amen. Oh, glory to God. People can feel whether you love them or not. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God ain't about to restore your favorite people. He going to restore the ones that that really cross you. And he says, he says, "This one I love." All right. Okay. So, do we know where we at? And don't be shocked when you see these things. This is this is a part of God's predestinated plan. Amen. Okay. Hey, let us go on a little further. Yeah. Amen. Predestination does not give you a license to sin. Uh predest true predestination uh in invites the predestinated one to surrender in love and also predestination going to continue to look to destiny while election looks for looks to for knowledge. Brother Brandon makes a statement here in the message restoration of the bride tree. It says this. Um Jesus said it'll be the same thing at the coming. Oh then the evening light of Malachi 4. I like that statement. The evening light of Malachi 4 come shining through the darkness. Amen. To bring the evening light on the predestinated word. The evening light of Malachi 4 came shining. Amen. Through the darkness to bring the evening light on the predestinated word. So there were things written in the Bible uh about this age in which we're living. And since they were already written before we were even born, it was already in the scripture. When you picked up the Bible, Amen. And and most that would go to just the average church, they would have no idea what some of these things were that were written. But it was there in Malachi 4. It was there in Revelation 10. It was there in St. Luke 17. It was there. It was all over the Bible. And and and it took Amen. It it took the evening light of Malachi 4 to shine on them scriptures. And when we saw and and I I've said it before, I'm going to say it again. I'm not following this message just because of the miracles, the signs, and the wonders. The reason I follow a message is because I can see it in the scripture. If I couldn't see it in scripture, I'd just be just like everybody else. But because I can see it in the scripture, it gives me clarity. Yes, sir. Amen. Oh my God. And and I'm I'm I'm so convinced that no matter what anybody else does, I'm staying right with this. And not only not only am I standing I think we many of us have proven, Amen. that no matter what happens, we're going to stay right with this word. What word are we standing with? The predestinated word. Amen. Amen. Not let I I want you to understand not only were you predestinated but the word itself was predestinated. And when the predestinated seed come in contact with the predestinated word, brother, something is about to happen. Amen. It's already happened. Glory to God. Let me keep on reading. Amen. And he says uh the then the evening light of Malachi 4 comes shining through the darkness. Amen. To bring the evening light on the predestinated word. Hallelujah. Uh uh he says what's the fourth message to be? What's that fourth messenger? To shine the light on the word. The word is predestinated. It's it it has to come forth. Something has to do it. For God said, "I will restore," sayaith the Lord. "I will restore." Right? The evening lights come shining through on that predestinated word. Yes, sir. Let me just finish reading this if I can. It's so much inspiration here for me. Um, you know, I I go through a a number number of things. I I think about my brother-in-law back there, brother Smiley. And when um he tells his testimony quite often, how uh you know, he he did a lot of things to get free from from what the enemy had him bound there. It says uh but when he come to that church and and and y'all y'all might not know uh brother but brother George Manley was around at that time and brother George was always witnessing and and and and brother Smiley probably got hemmed up with George Manley. Brother George Manley and but brother George Manley always spoke in mysteries, you know, I mean he he just he just you know he says uh and and back there we we were under inspiration you know of seven thunders give faith and brother George always seven thunders give faith and I believe brother Smile one time said brother what what is the seven thunders and brother George answer it's a revelation see you speaking in a mystery God don't want us just talking mysteries I mean brother tell me what the seven if You going to say seven thunders get faith. Tell me what the seven thunders is. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And but it's just mysterious. I'm going just help you. I'm not going to just leave you there. If you The seven thunders is the mysteries contained in the seven seals. So if anybody ask you what the seven thunders is, it's the mysteries contained in the seven seals. That's that's a very simple answer and it is the answer, right? But but brother George didn't make it. He didn't break it down like he said, brother. This a revelation. But you know what? Even though he was speaking mysterious. Oh my. It didn't shake. Brother Smiley. He said something to this. I don't I don't understand all this yet, but it's something to this. And And there was something on the inside. Even though he was bound with drugs and everything else at that time, brother, there was a light that struck on the inside. You can't look at the man's outward condition. God is looking on the inside. And when God knows that there was something placed there, when he comes in contact with the predestinated word, oh, that's the thing that keeps you for over 30 years. Hallelujah, brother. The other programs wouldn't do it, but when you come in contact with a predestinated word, a change happens. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm trying to get somewhere. I know what I'm talking about. A change happens when people come in contact with a predestinated word. Amen. All you got to do is just get them into the atmosphere. Look, we we we having meetings and and the preachers that we got, they preach the word. Hallelujah. Can I put it can I put it this way? They preach the predestinated word. Amen. Let me keep reading here. Something has to do it. God said, "I will restore, sayith the Lord. I will restore right. The evening lights come shining through on that predestinated word." Yes, sir. Oh, it shall be light in the evening time. The path to glory you will surely find in the waterway is the light today. It's buried in the precious name of Jesus. Young and old, repent of all your sins. The Holy Ghost will surely enter in for the evening lights have come. It's a fact that God and Christ are one. He says, "There they are one together, one in us." The same signs human beings can't do is a man is manifest themselves comes out the word to bring forth the predestinated word of God out of the roots of the tree back yonder that all the denominations that refused and refused and refused. But there will come a light forth. Amen. Uh there will come a light will rise. Whereabouts over in Jerusalem? No sir. Evening lights will not rise in Jerusalem. The evening lights goes where? In the west. They had their day and refused it. So the evening lights will shine in the west. We've seen that through the ministry, amen, of William, Mary, and Brandham. We thank God for that. He he's he was talking about these um this fourth message. And we realize that um the four uh death messengers, the palmer worm, the cankerorm, the the locust, the caterpillar, they ate and just brought death to the church. Amen. Not just to the church, but even in our own individual lives. They've been these rascals been just eating up and just messing up stuff. Folk been backslitting for years. Years. Don't know how to get out of what they're in. But but here's the thing. I I I God made a promise. God sees them in that condition. And God made a promise. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Now, there's only one thing God needs us to do, and that is just share. Amen. this opportunity with the people to bring them into his presence. Hallelujah. All it takes is for light to strike the seed. We go and we create the right atmosphere and light strike the seed. You we will see restoration. I don't care how bad off a person is. We will see restoration because God made a promise. All we got to do is just get them there. And when you get them there, keep them there. Hallelujah. Keep I mean get get around them and talk with them like you coming back to the service tonight. Oh Lord, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I just felt something on that. I hope y'all plan on making all the services. I I know. I know. Not Not this church. We've been announcing this for I I I'm expecting this church to be in all the services. Yes, sir. I know you ain't got nothing else planned on the weekend that we've been talk. How many weeks we've been announcing this? And and you and you got something else planned. Are you serious? No, you need to cancel that. We expecting you to be at the hour restore meetings. This Why did I What happened here, Lord? No, we hosting the meetings. We need to be there. This ain't a brother jack meeting. This is spirit and truth meeting. Exactly. Right. Amen. Church. My God. I ain't no way I should be looking for our own church members. Where y'all at? Ain't no way that should be And I know I know these are special meetings. That's right. Well, I'm just coming on Sunday morning. What? No, these are special. You do something different when it come to special meetings. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Help me, Lord. I don't know why I felt that. Felt it for a reason. Amen. Come on, church. Come on. Shake yourself out of this. We We We trying to get ready for a rapture. Whatever you got planned ain't helping you get closer to God. No, this this is this is about the work of the Lord. And I Oh my, we need people here that need to be restored. Lord, my God. Jesus. Jesus. My God. I'm trying to get out of Okay, Lord. But but but but uh look, we we we we having these meetings and and and different ones are coming. You see them come, you ought to be encouraging. Now, I know you're going to I'm going to see you tonight, right? You come back tonight. Oh, I'm going to see you in the morning, too, right? Wasn't that a blessed service? Wasn't that a good ser? Create an atmosphere. Amen. Hallelujah. You know that you know how the devil going to fight people trying to keep them away from this. You got to be that encourager. I'm looking for you tomorrow. Yes, sir. I'm saving a seat for you tomorrow. Hallelujah. Glory to God. All right. All right. All right. So, these four stages, Amen, of this insect, this rascal, palmer, cankerworm, caterpillar, locust, uh they ate, but there was four life messengers, brother Brandham said, that came uh to the earth. And one was the ministry of Luther. Another was the the the the the ministry of of Wesley. And then he said the the what God did amongst the Pentecostals. Amen. That brought life back into the church. It brought confusion too. But it did bring life back into the church. But the last thing to come to bring life that fourth amen uh life messenger was the predestinated word of Malachi 4. The ministry of William Brandham is what brought the additional life back into the church. Puts us back on the word. Hallelujah. Now look at this. Uh it was very similar and and and and and what happened with the four stages of Ezekiel's dry bones. And let's just kind of pick up a scripture out of Ezekiel 37. Amen. Glory to God. Verse three. Oh yes. Yes. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Look at this hopeless situation. Hallelujah. In Ezekiel uh 37:3, "And he said unto me, son of man, can these bones live?" And I answered, "Oh Lord God, thou knowest." And again he said unto me, "Oh, hallelujah. You know whether the bones can live." And God God Yeah, God does know because he ordained for ordained predestinated for them bones to live even in their dry condition. God had already promis God knew in his mind these bones were going to live. Look at this. He says again, he said to me, "Prophesy upon these bones." Right? Can I Can I say it like this? Speak to your hopeless situation. Lord. Amen. Amen. You know how it changes through what you say. You know how it got in that condition? By what you said. Now you need to change it by what you say. Speak life into that condition. It wasn't I mean God going to use Ezekiel to bring the bones to life again. He says, he says again, he said, "They prophesy upon these bones and say unto them, oh ye dry bones, oh my, my my my, hear the word of the Lord. Thus saith the Lord God unto these bones, behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live." I believe that. I believe that. He says, "And I will lay senus upon you and and will bring uh bring up bring up flesh upon you and cover you with skin and put breath in you and ye shall live and ye shall know that I am the Lord." Look at this. He says, "So I prophesied as I was commanded and as I prophesied, there was a noise. God moved immediately." Hallelujah. Come on. Come on. As I prophesied, there was a noise. I believe a noise is taking place right now. Brother, the the the the inspirations I will restore, sayeth the Lord. We prophesying to every dead bone. That's right. My God. Hallelujah. And as as he was prophesying and he as I I I prophesied as I was commanded and as I prophesied there was a noise and behold a shaken and the bones came together bone to his bone and when I behold lo the senus and the flesh came up upon them and the skin covered them above but there was no breath in them. Hallelujah. It says then said he unto me prophesy unto the wind. Prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, thus sayeth the Lord God, come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these flame that they may live. So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived and stood up upon their feet, and exceeding and great army. We're looking for God to do just these type of things in our midst. Yes, I'm talking about real restoration. Brother, if this weren't restoration, I don't know what it was, I mean bones. The the situation looked hopeless. But when he begin to speak to bones, God be to restore bones. Here there was there was there was four stages. The palmer worm, the locust, the cakeworm, the caterpillar. The palmer ate the brotherly love. That's the fruit that he ate. The locust ate divine fellowship. The canka worm uh was attacking the bark of the tree. He was attacking the doctrine or the religion of the covering. I'm I'm I'm I want to make it very clear. The canker worm attacks the doctrine. The cankerorm gets caught up with believe the sign. that the canker worm used to believe these things but somehow something happened a spirit came on them and they stopped believing this canko worm h but cankerorm goes on the caterpillar stage and that sucks the life right out of them look at them many of them out there life is gone oh my my know how to get life back into them just get them into the environment That's right. That's right. And them bones can live. Them bones can live. And not only can they live, they will live. But it's based on what you saying to the bones now. Oh my god. My God. My God. I'm happy to see you bone. I'm blessed to see you. You don't know how what you mean to the body. You were such a blessing to me. always have been a blessing to me. I can't even function without you. My God. It's when when you see these types of people coming in. Don't you be alerted. Just remember we are under the inspiration of something. What is this inspiration? I will restore saith. Amen. The Lord. Amen. Amen. I got to I I need to I I want to show you your importance in this. The way you handle people, the way you speak to people. Don't be like the prodigal son's brother, but be like the prodical son's father, right? Be ready to give him a ring of gold. Put him on a robe. Kill the fatted calf. Huh? Invite him to the food truck and buy them something to eat. All right. All right. Woo Lord, I'm telling you, church, it's the way that we handle people. Glory to God. Not I remember what you said about me and and I never forgave you for that. No, don't you come up with that nonsense. Hallelujah. Amen. Right. But see, see, see, that palmer worm ate the brotherly love and Amen. the fruit. The locust ate the leaves of divine fellowship. The cankworm, he it attacked the bark of the tree, attacked the doctrine, the religion, the covering. And then the caterpillar sucked the whole life out. Amen. But just like in Ezekiel's uh prophecy uh when he spoke to those bones it four stages of life came. First was the senue was laid back on him which was the tendon the natural cords that hold the body together. Amen. Then it brought flesh. That's the soft part of the animal body. And we need a heart of flesh. A tender heart towards God and a tender heart towards our brothers and sisters. Amen. He also covered them with skin. And that's the natural covering for our flesh. Amen. And the last thing he did, he put he put a breath in them. Amen. Which was the spirit giving life to them. Oh, we're looking for all this to happen here in this message. Um, Hebrews chapter 7 part one. I want to bring this in because God God knows exactly where his people are. God knows exactly what his people have been going through. God God is aware of all of that. Amen. God is not caught off guard by any of it. But he and and he say this is a great army that he sent amongst us. Hallelujah. God allowed these things to happen. But it's how we respond, how we react uh when we start seeing restoration. Amen. Uh here in this this message of Hebrews chapter 7 part one, brother M says if you take it over in Jeremiah 14, he means 15, he says, God said, I knew you before you was even formed in your mother's womb and I sanctified you and ordained you a prophet to the nations. Then what can you say uh that you did? Right? What can you say that you did? No, it's nothing that we did. He says, "What can I say that I did?" It's God that showeth mercy. God knew us before the foundation of the world. He's not willing that any should perish. Certainly not. But if he is God, he know who would be saved and who wouldn't be saved. Or he didn't know anything. If he didn't know, if he didn't know who would make the rapture, I like that statement. If he didn't know who would make the rapture before the world was ever formed, then he's not God. Now, can I tell y'all something? It's people that are not here right now. Yes, sir. They're in a backsliding condition. But God already knew that they were going to make the rapture. All right. All right. In order for them to make the rapture, hallelujah, then there's a predestinated word that has to come to them. Hallelujah. And for them to respond to that predestinated word. Amen. Right. that's going to cause them to get in line with rapture conditions. Amen. So, if God already knows they're going to make the rapture, then God has to make a way for them to be restored. Hallelujah. Amen. And all he told us to do is just hold the meetings. Oh, can I can I put it this way? Your your finances, God going to bless you because you gave towards the meetings, right? And we we we just have to create the environment for the restoration to occur. We don't have to do the restoration, just create the environment. Yes, sir. Jesus, watch it. We're going to hear some powerful testimonies. I I believe that it says if if he didn't know who would make the rapture before the world was ever formed, then he's not God. If he's infinite, he knowed every flea, every fly, every louse, every every tiger that would ever be on the earth before the earth was ever formed. That's right. He knew all things before the foundation world. He knew us. The Bible said he knew us and predestinated us. I I love that. Let me just read Jeremiah 15 and I'm gonna move move on to just a little something here. This is all for his will, for his purpose, for his glory. Jeremiah 15 says this, "Before I formed thee in the belly, I knew thee. And before thou camest forth out of the womb, I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations. Before you was even born, God already knew you. And and I love when it says, "I knew," that means God had fellowship with you. Hallelujah. God had fellowship with you. God God had fellowship with you in the beginning. And And if he knew you in the beginning, he knows you now. And he knew that he was not going to lose you in the beginning. He won't lose you now. Mama wrote the song, I never lost one. All that the father's given me. Oh, what's going to happen to them? All that the father's given me, they will come. But we have to we have to welcome them as they come. That's exactly. Come on, church. Amen. I want you to understand. Amen. Uh something here. The reason that you you have to um have this welcoming spirit is um it's because God has orchestrated and God has a way for people to come to life. Oh my. In the book of uh Acts chapter 8, there was a story of Philillip and Philillip was uh he was actually in a city running a revival. He's doing this great meeting. There was great things happening. But there was one soul on the back side of the desert riding in a carriage to go home. This was a a a Ethiopian uh soldier. And uh God caused Philillip to leave the revival where he was. He says, "Go there to the the backside of the desert and you'll, you know, he didn't even tell him what he would see, but when he got to the back side of the desert, he saw a chariot and he just ran up on the chariot." And when he runs up on the chariot, what he could hear is a man in there reading his Bible. Oh my. Hallelujah. And as the man was reading, he was reading there in Isaiah, you know, and and as he was referring, you know, back to the book of Isaiah. And uh, you know, he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our pieces upon him with his stripes were healed. The the the the Ethiopian was a little confused like who who is this prophet talking about? Is this prophet talking about himself or he's talking about somebody else? All right. Hallelujah. But Philillip was the one that had the understanding of what that scripture was. Amen. So, Philillip had to break it down because Philip had come in contact with the one the scripture was talking about. The Lord Jesus Christ. So, Philip began to break down this scripture. Oh my. And as he begin to just open, amen, the word to this man, there was something inside that man heart that agreed with everything Philip was talking about, he says, he said, "Wait a He said, "Stop this chariot." He said, "There's water right there. Can anybody forbid me from being baptized?" Hallelujah. I mean, immediate change happened once that man came in contact with the predestinated word. That's right. Amen. Here's a statement that brother Brandham said. He says it was an angel that told Philillip to go there to the desert. The angel couldn't go to the desert and have this conversation with that man. Philip had to be the one to have the conversation with that man. And the reason that this was in place because God has orchestrated that the seed has to pass through the body. Amen. Amen. Amen. God wants to use your body so that the seed could pass through the body hallelujah to the lamb of God. Amen. This why you got to have the right attitude. This why you got to have the right spirit. God wants to use your vessel. I I I'm trying to make it as clear as possible. God wants to use your vessel to cause the seed to pass through to somebody else. Jesus. The word seat, the predestinated word seat, it has to come through you. Oh Jesus, not the preacher. You, let me read it. spoken words original seed says notice the unic over here we're getting he says we're going to get into something deep now watch this seed church this real church with the real true sperm notice the unic had been with all the deities now remember God never committed God never committed his preaching in his gospel to an angel how many knows that how many knows at Galatians 1:8 and and if an angel come from heaven and preached something else besides uh they had preached let it be a curse. So the angels wrong if he's different from the word God came on down below angels and committed it to men which were sons. You believe that? Now watch now he never committed it to angels. Notice he did not do it. And and I'm going to tell you another thing God didn't do. God didn't commit preaching to a tape recorder. No sir, right? Amen. Or a CD player or a telephone that can play MP3s. That's not That's not where God committed it. It's to preachers. This is why this is why it's important for people to come to service and hear preaching. That's where God committed it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Watch. He says this. He says, "Now, Philip had been up to Pentecost Jerusalem to worship." How many says amen to that? The unic had been with all the DDs and LDs and everything. But why didn't he get something? He come back down studying the prophet of prophecy of Isaiah. Although an angel directed Philillip to him, but the germ of life had to come through the body. Philillip, oh brother, now now we're on now we're on the line. Where did the germ come from? Through the angel. The angel showed him where to go. A angel is a messenger. Here's a son. Philillip had the germ, the message, the word. That's how a child can be born. My Philip had had his hands upon him. Philip baptized him in the name of Jesus Christ. There come forth the spirit of God. Sure. Now, the germ had to come from the body. What body? Christ's body. Correct. And Philip was a member of the body. The germ comes from the body. You are the body. This why we need everybody at church. That's right. Amen. You You help bring people to life. The seed passes through you. The germ of life passes through you. Amen. You don't know who will be there the day that you was planning on missing. And somebody might have been looking for you specifically. That's true. Hallelujah. And you out of place. But predestination brings you to destiny. It puts you in your place in Christ. Amen. The seed or the germ has a pass through the body. Look at this. He goes on to give us a little bit more. It's not just with Philip and the unic, but this this happens also. He says, "Now listen, the same thing took place in Acts 10:48. Peter was on the housetop. An angel directed him to Kia's house. But when uh but where did the word come from?" The body. Oh, I feel pretty good. feel like traveling on. He says an angel come and said, "Don't worry. Don't call nothing unclean. Just go on. Don't think nothing." And while Peter spake these words, not the angel. Oh my. See, that's I'm expecting that. Why the holy the ministers just while they speaking the word, the power of God just fall all over the place. But the it's and and God want to do that. God want to prove himself. This that's how lives are changed when the spirit comes in on the word, right? He says this. He says uh he says um um uh the the body oh my feel pretty good feel like travel. And the angel come and said don't worry. Don't call nothing unclean. Just go on. Don't don't don't think nothing. And while Peter spake these words not the angel not the cardinal. While Peter spake these words what? He was the body. He had the word. The word took hold. Oh brother. Woo h. He says oh a angel directed it but the life come through the body of Christ. God will establish the meetings, but he needs your body. Amen. Amen. God will have a a a a high school that will open up the auditorium for us, but he needs your body. Amen. Amen. Let me go a little further. It says, "Paul on his way to Damascus, a vision directed him, but Ananas had the germ. Had the word." Amen. The prophet Ananas saw a vision and said, "Go up there and and lay your hands on him." Said, "Brother Saul, the Lord appeared to you on the road coming down here." Now, now he tells Ananas to go lay your hands. Why? I mean, because brother Brand say the germ was passing through Ananas even to a messenger. The germ is passing through Anonyas to the messenger for that age. And Ananas was afraid to go deal with Paul. Oh, I'm I'm going somewhere. Ananas was a little afraid to go deal with Paul. It might be somebody that might go to the altar. You know their life story. You might be a little afraid to go deal with them. But remember, the seed passes or the germ passes through us. So when you go and lay hands on them and pray with them at the altar, you don't know what is actually transpiring. I can tell you what's happening. Restoration is occurring. But you have to be in your place. You have to be prepared. God has a predestinated word for a predestinated people. But it needs us ready. The Holy Spirit be telling go pray pray with that sister. Go pray with that sister. Brothers go pray with that brother. Brother, go pray that God God will be leading you and you got to be obedient to the spirit. That's right. That's right. Look, look, look, look, look. Let me tell you something. In meetings, we expect deliverance. Amen. Amen. And you don't know what kind of what kind of conditions people going to come in there. I want to tell y'all young people, be reverent when you're there in the services. You don't know what type of spirits people coming with. And and when the spirit leave, it's looking for another house to go into. back. So, you need to come. You need to be prepared yourself. You don't know. We done we done been in meetings and and and uh I mean, my god. And we had a a a prayer line and this one sister, my God, she she she she really she had um she had she had a spirit on her. And man, what a what a what a demonstration that happened before everybody. But you know what? That same sister today, she's probably watching right now. That same sister today, I can look her in the eye and I can see God made a difference in her life. That same sister sends her tithes and offerings to the church. The sister that was bound at a meeting. Oh my. But when I but and I had I I I knew the I knew the sister uh from what had happened in the meeting. But when I met her years later, I said, "Is this the same sister?" Yes, the same sister. I'm telling you what God is able to do. The power of God is greater than any power of the devil. We have to be prepared. Our spirit man has to be ready for what God has given do. We will see restoration. We will see it. And some of your family members need it. Just invite them to the services. Oh my. Some church, y'all be ready. Look, look, y'all can't just can't be waiting for the the preachers to do everything. Y'all need to be ready. God lead you. Go pray with somebody. Pray. But make sure now make sure your life is right. That's right. Cuz a demon will embarrass you. I've seen that happen, too. I seen a brother go into office and this brother was bound with demons and we'd all have to take uh shifts and and we sit with him for a little bit, make sure he didn't hurt himself, you know, we sit with him. And one brother walked in there, preacher walked in there to the meet and to the to the office like he gonna take his shift and and work with this brother. That devil rose up and looked at him and said, "You watch too much TV. You can't cast no demon out." Embarrassed him. Let me finish reading this. And see, now you're afraid that the devil gonna embarrass you. You ain't going to go into I I can I can I can just I can just see God like all this word that I done gave y'all. Y'all still don't know who y'all are in Christ. Y'all y'all running from devils now. No, just stop watching TV. Amen. Amen. Let's let's let's go on. Um Paul on his way to Damascus vision directed him but Ananas had the germ had the word. Amen. That prophet Ananas saw a vision said go up there lay your hands on him said brother Saul the Lord appeared to you on the road coming down here. Uh how did he know? He had the word the the word of the Lord came to the prophet prophesied went up there and said he he come up he sent me up here that I might lay hands upon you and you you'd heal and receive the Holy Ghost and receive your sight and uh and the scales fell off his eyes and he rose and was baptized in the name of Jesus and went to study an angel directed it. That's right. But Paul had the seederm actually ananas right? It takes the spirit of God, the seed to give life eternal my. So you call yourself a predestinated seed, you got a germ of life in you and you got to be able to give that to somebody else. Lord, I love this. All right, this is my last quote that I want to read. This quote is uh coming out of the restoration of bride tree and uh when the Lord just kind of put this on our heart to have these meetings and I knew that we were under the inspiration of our restore said the Lord get back in step is what we uh start out last year with and then this year we had an overflow of that same theme uh which put us in the year of overflow. Hallelujah. And uh but this is the quote that I put on the flyer for everybody. And uh just trusting that the Lord will just anoint the ministers to come, amen, with sermons that would just bring about this restoration. Amen. Here out of the restoration of the ro tree, brother Brandham says this. Notice the same insect, that little rascal, the same insect that started and killed the tree in the beginning started right back at them Lutheran br Lutheran branches, but what? It can't kill it. I like that statement. Even though it tried to, it can't kill it. And we got some loved ones that that went through all these stages of these these uh these these these rascals, little rascals. But I'mma tell you this. According to this prophecy, they cannot be killed. They can't be wiped out. Amen. The devil can't take them out. The devil might delay some things, but he can't take them out. And I done seen the devil try to do it. But I also watch God heal those even in their condition. God brought healing to their body. I'm talking about supernatural healing, major surgeries that many people don't walk away from. But not only walk away, I'm driving again. All right. I'm flying again. I'm doing all kind of things. And and and the people that gather around to pray was the people that had the seed in them. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you don't realize when you're praying, it brings life. You carry it as a predestined seed. You carry the germ of life in you and it brings life to others. The devil couldn't kill him. I'm so glad. Amen. Look at this. Look at this. He says, "It can't kill it." Can't kill it because God has done said, "I oh my my my my my I will restore." That insect started on Luther to kill all the Lutheran branches. It come right over to Wesley and killed all the Wesley branches. But the main part of the tree keeps coming. Now notice in the old time when the tree was killed, it was killed. That's in old time. Went plum to the roots when it killed it back there. But this time, because the word, oh Lord, but this time, because the word is predestinated, there is nothing going to stop it. I say amen. Amen. Because the word is predestinated. What's what's the predestinated word? What is the predestinated word? If you don't know, I'mma tell you. The predestinated word is I will restore. Saith the Lord. Ain't you glad that you ain't got to do the restoration? You ain't got to do it. You just got to create an environment for the restoration to happen. Amen. But once you create a environment, God do the rest of it. I will restore saith the Lord. Invite them to come to church. Some of us already hearing people that's already said, "We heard about y'all meetings and we coming." I mean backsliders saying that they coming already. They they Now, now let me tell you something. The devil heard them say that they coming. That's right. The devil already heard that. And what you think the devil's going to do? All kind of stuff the devil going to throw in the way this going to happen. That's going to happen. And and if they tell you I can't come because this say, "Wait a minute. We going to pray right now. Right now. This thing got to change." We know God look look when when the angel troubling the water, you got to get in then. You can't come next week. You got to get in when the angels trouble in the water. Right. So, so, so we know God I mean that it's something about a meeting atmosphere and environment that the believers get together and there's been people waiting on meetings like this for a long time. They love coming to West Palm Beach. Saints from all over just we love coming. Brother Wesco used to have them meetings. We just love coming to the meeting. We had a wonderful time. Amen. The Lord has called Brother Wesco home. His birthday was Friday. would have been Friday, but God's calling home. But you know what? He has he he deposited enough in the rest of us that we know how to do this. Exactly. Now, let's do what we know how to do. [Applause] This time, because the word is predestinated, there is nothing could stop it. God said, "I'll restore no matter how much they organize, how much they do this, that, or the other. I'm going to restore it." That settles it at the at the laughing, making fun, scoffing, calling holy rollers, nonsense. Can you believe that? People done said some real bad things about this message. But brother Brandham say I don't I don't care what they said because God had a predestinated word and his word goes above it trumps everything that they said that his word say I will restore all of that you know and I'm going to tell you like this it just make the testimony that much greater holy rollers nonsense everything you want to God said I'll restore sayith the Lord just as sure as he raised Jesus out of the grave under three days under three dispensations uh uh or or three sections. He is going he is going he is going he is going to raise the church to its fullness and power again. I will restore saith the Lord. What a promise from God. We come underneath this inspiration. We do our part. Just let God use us in what way whatever way he desire. Uh be be prayerful. Uh be connected to the spirit. Don't do things out of order. You know the spirit lead a sister to pray with a sister. Yeah. Pray with that sister and be looking for opportunities where you can be there to pray. Amen. Yeah, there's food on the outside, but make sure we take care of what's on the inside first before we get to the food. That's right. Just be ready, church. You might see somebody there and you just you feel led to go up and just chat with them a little bit. talk with him. I mean, I recently ran into a sister and she was she was telling she said, "You know, I be watching the services online and I'mma come and I'mma see y'all." I said, "You know, you know, that's like being at home." She said, "You sound like Brother Wesco. He was my He was my spiritual father. You know, what can I say?" It rubbed off on me, right? But uh but but but I I I said, "You know, it's just like home. So, anytime you can you can come to that church anytime. We ain't going to look at you funny because you ain't been here in whatever amount of time. I don't even know how long you ain't been here. it don't matter. And she was saying, "I just ain't been to church in a long time, and I I just want to I just want I said, "Come on. Come to church, you know, just come. We don't have we ain't got no problem. It's home for you." And I really feel that way. Amen. Oh, God. I I I I I I know that um if we just get people into the right atmosphere, no matter how far Satan has taken them and whatever the devil's done, it don't matter. This time, I believe this time. Yes, Lord. He promised as a predestinated word that I'll restore. See, back back in the day, we used to have some restoration services. And I've seen people that would come in and go out and come in and go out and But you always pulling for them. And I remember every time we would have a restoration service, Brother Wesco, make us sing that song. Restoration has finally come. I've been restored back to my place in God. Right. And and man, we used to sing that song. We wore it out. But uh you know, I tell you what, I I'm just looking for God to do something special. And and I know if we have the right environment, we have the right heart, God can do what he want to do. That's it. And let me tell you something. If God ever gave you a a opportunity to experience hell like he gave brother Brandon, he gave him the opportunity to experience hell and he gave him opportunity to experience heaven. when they experienced hell, he said, "I wouldn't even want my worst enemy to come to a place like this." He said, "I wouldn't want my worst enemy to come to a place like this." That's that's that's how serious it is. We the rapture is upon us. The the the the the uh we're we preached a sermon a few weeks ago, modern events made clear by prophecy. We know where we're standing. This is that. And even brother Quinton picked it up picked up that quote uh on on Thursday night I mean Wednesday night and it was just showing how there's a gathering that also take place when we see the pope coming from the United States of America. There's also supposed to be a gathering that takes place for the bride. It's happening. It's right before our very eyes. And you got plans to be somewhere else during the meeting. Lord, I pray that God will take the scales off your eyes and help you see how late the hour is. We need to be ready. If the meeting ain't for nobody, it's for me. I need God. I need more of God than I ever needed before. I'm so glad. I ain't got to do the restoration. I just got to provide the environment for the restoration to happen. I will restore, saith the Lord. God bless you, church. God bless you. Let's have a word of prayer. Amen. Father, we are grateful uh for your promise. We thank you for your truth. We thank you God uh for this inspiration that you have given to the meetings. Lord, as we just get our hearts prepared and get our minds centered, Lord, around what you were planning to do, Lord, in our midst. May we be mindful of opportunities we have to invite others to the meetings, Lord, listening just as Philip was listening to that Ethiopian just reading the scriptures. He knew that, oh my, there's something here, Lord. Sometimes we can hear people talking, oh, wait a minute, there's something there. And Father, this a trigger would take place and we begin to Lord just try to get people into that atmosphere. Father, and I I just pray that God, you would help us to to to really get our focus in this in this season cuz Satan is so shrewd. Got all kind of little things that he's doing here and there. And Lord, it's uh it would cause us to lose our focus. But father, we want to we want to maintain focus in this hour. We trust Lord Jesus that you would help us. Thank you, Father, for uh the saints. Lord, many have given Lord through their offerings here to the church that's allowed us to be able to do these meetings and and Father, we just pray your blessings would come back upon the people that they would experience such an overflow spiritually, financially, physically, uh emotionally, mentally. Father, that you would move in a supernatural way, Father. We want to hear powerful testimonies coming forth, Lord, of of what you've done, Father, and what you're doing in our midst. We we can't wait to hear those testimonies. I pray your blessings upon each one, Father, the ministers that will be coming, oh God, to to bring the word of life uh to the people, God, bless them. and give them fresh inspiration, God, that they would be able to tap into uh Lord, just this the the the theme of the meeting, oh God, you know, uh what you'll have them say and God, may it may just be a uh an anointing there when the people when the ministers speak, Father, it be so powerful that they can't even stand the minister. Lord, let the Holy Ghost have its way. We're looking for restoration. We're looking for healing. We're looking for deliverance. We're looking for refillings. We're looking for fillings of the Holy Ghost. We're looking for you to do all that you promised and so much more. God, help us, Lord, to be prepare ourselves for it. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Solomon, I'll just turn the service back over to you. Amen. Real quick. God bless you. [Music] And all that the father's gi me will come. I never lost one. Not one. No. No. I never lost one. I'm one. You just keep the faith and believing the work's already done. And all that the father's ge, will you stand with me? will come. [Music] I never lost one. [Music] Not one. I never lost one. Not one. So you just keep the faith. Believe it. The words already. You just keep the faith. The work's already done. Just keep the faith. The work's already done. Keep the faith. Work's already done. And all that the father's gi me will come. Praise the Lord. Amen. Look at your neighbor and ask them are they going to be at the meeting. Hey, remember y'all in church, don't be lying. Amen. Amen. If you plan on being somewhere else for the meeting, Satan will give you a reason. Amen. Every one of them. You know, just thinking Satan will give you a reason. me and my wife, you know, transitioning from Bvard County to here, you know, we have to transition our business, you know, we still working with clients that we already had and we need new clients. So, we were sitting down talking about a marketing strategy and I got a text. I need you and your wife to fly out to New Orleans for a two-day event. And I'm sitting there thinking, "Oh, they going to fly us? They gonna house us. They gonna transport us. They gonna feed us. And they gonna pay us to go do what we do. What's the dates? July 25th. July 26th. No, we hosting. We can't do it. Satan will give you a reason. He'll look at what you have need of and try and tempt you with that need. Yeah. But be in your place. Amen. The germ flows through the body. Amen. Amen. You have to be in your position in order for that last one to come in. It takes this body to find that last one. God knows where that person is. He just needs somebody to deliver that word. Amen. God bless you, saints. Brother Quu, I'm going to ask you to come and close the service with a word of prayer. Amen. God richly bless you. I'm glad our pastor preached the message he did. Amen. God bless you, my precious brother. So good to see you. Shall we pray? Our heavenly father, we thank you this day. We give all the glory and honor to your name. Thank you for the word of life. Thank you for your servant brother Jack and other servants in the house of the Lord. Father, the word is life. Even as you ordered the prophet to speak to the dry bone, Ezekiel and he spoke and prophesied and life came to the dry bone. Lord Jesus Christ, every dry bone, Lord, father, I pray the dry bones were already predestinated. That is why they were able to come to life. And father, you have already ordained your sons and your daughters regardless of conditions and locations and wherever they are. Lord Jesus, you are looking to what you predestinated and your destiny. Father Lord Jesus may life Lord eternal life from above from you Lord Jesus come to every dry bone Lord Jesus and take circumstances Lord bring healing Lord and transformation and above all Lord Father the life your very life the Zoe of God the Lord Jesus Christ himself coming to abide in the hearts of the people even as brother Jack give an example of a a sister that was prayed for during a meeting and he saw the sister later and he was even surprised that you have changed the sister's circumstance and you have made a daughter out of her Lord Jesus. Father Lord as humans we have so many needs but Lord the greatest of it is to be like Jesus Christ is to receive your word Lord even during the meetings father I pray may your life may you ordain life Lord Jesus the life you've already ordained be spoken Lord Jesus the right word the right people to locate your sons and daughters father even those who will not be there Lord those who are in other places Lord may the word reach them Lord Jesus and bring life to them Lord and even more those who will be there. Lord Jesus, Lord, let your word, your life come, Lord Jesus, even as we depart, Lord, may the presence of the living Christ be in the hearts of each and everyone. May your life that has been spoken, Lord Jesus, even as uh Philip spoke life to the Ethiopian, may the life that has been spoken, Lord, Father, follow each and every predicated seed, enrich them and overtake them and bring transformation in our lives. Father, we thank you. We bless you. Restore Brother Jack what is spoken to us. Father give him restoration in his health, in his in his ministry, in his finances, in his family, in his prayers. Lord Jesus, in his prayer, Jonah, Lord Jesus, what he has prayed and spoken and communicated with you that only you know, Lord Jesus, being a pastor, Lord, he has the seed, Lord. Father, may you bring a quickening, Lord Jesus, and bless him and his family beyond measure. Bless the church beyond measure, Lord. Bless the elders beyond measure, Lord. Bless the sisters beyond measure, Lord. You are God, Lord. Father, I pray that that transforms, Lord, and transform eternally. You heard the prayer of of Hana and and and Elizabeth, Lord, and Esther, and you brought deliverance to them, Lord Jesus. You heard the prayer of Paul, William, Abraham, and your sons and daughters. Father, it is our turn, Lord Jesus. And you have heard our prayers, Lord Jesus. Bring the resort, Lord. let dry bones and Lord be quickened and be transformed to the glory of your name Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Not one. You just keep the faith. You may be seated. The work's already done. And all that the father's gi me [Music] will come. Brother Jack, I never lost one. Not one. No. No. I never lost one. [Applause]
