################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - The Finished Mystery the Defines the Restored Bride - Bro Wisper Gwena (July Meetings 07-27-2025pm) - Wisper Gwena.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-27
Title:    The Finished Mystery the Defines the Restored Bride - Bro Wisper Gwena (July Meetings 07-27-2025pm)
Speaker:  Wisper Gwena
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGGNif_5qes
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
to worship at your throne, to be called into your presence as your own. Amen. Oh, let's say you are holy. Oh, so holy. You are holy. Oh, so holy. What a privilege. What a privilege and an honor to worship at your throne. To be called into your presence as your own. Ooh, you are whole. Let's sing. Oh, so holy. What a privilege. What a privilege. and an honor to worship at your throne. Oh, to be called into your presence as your Oh, let's say you are faithful. You are faith. Oh, what a privilege. What a privilege and an honor to worship at your throne. a presence or say as your heart you are faithful. Oh soul what a privilege. What a privilege and an honor to worship at your throne. to be called into your presence as your you are holy. Oh, let's say you are you are holy. What a privilege. What a praise. Oh, to worship at your throne, to be called into the presence as your own. You are faithful. You are faithful. Oh, so faith. Oh, you are faithful. Let's say you are faith. Oh, oh, what a privilege. What a And an honor to worship my oh to be as your you are holy. Oh I say you are you are holy. What a privilege. What a to worship at your to be called into your presence as your home. You are faith. So what a privilege. Oh yes. to worship at your to be called to you a one last time let's say you are holy oh so you sound beautiful tonight what a privilege what a privilege to worship at your throne to be called to your presence as your heart. Do you want to put those hands together to the Lord tonight? Glory. As you are standing, I would like to read a couple verse in Psalm um real quick. Um Psalm 100. We're going to read a couple verse. Probably going to read all five verses. Psalm 100. We can project it on the board for us. Make a joyful noise unto the Lord all he lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Know he that the Lord is God. it is that has made us and not ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his posture. Enter into his gate with thanksgiving. And to his court with praise. Be thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good. His mercy is everlasting and his truth endureth to all generation. And do you want to put your hand to the Lord tonight? One more time. Did you come in the mindset of worshiping him? Would you like to enter his gate with praise? And I believe that's the only thing we can offer to him. And I like to say this word, what can you give to someone that has it all? Amen. Amen. Amen. To all God be the glory. Amen. down from his glory ever living story. Amen. Do you want to sing the song with me tonight? Oh, let's say that one glory down. Oh my God. And Jesus was born in a man to his own to his own strength. And I I like to say this one more time. Down from his glory. Down from his glory. Ever living. Everliving story. My God and say and Jesus was his name. in the manger to his own. Amen. I saw tears and I gone. Oh, how I adore him. My breath, my son. Son, my all it all my all it all. The great creator became my savior and all God's dwelling. Oh what? No one sin bringing us redeemed that in the dead of night. Not the one faith hope inside. God preious lay aside lay aside his plan. stooping to whoop to win to save my soul. Oh, I I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all, my all. Your great creator became my savior. Dwell him. We talk reluctance without reluctance. Flesh and blood. He took the form of men. Reveal his head. Oh, glorious sacrifice of God. And I know thy great I am, who I am. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine. Oh my. The great creator became my savior and dwelleth in him. Dwelleth. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I adore him. Ooh, my breath, my sunshine, my all and all the great he can. Oh yeah. and all dwelling in him. Oh my time. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how how I adore him. My breath, my sunshine. My all in all, the great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwelling in heaven. Glory. Brother Solomon can come up and uh bless us with a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. To our God be the glory. Amen. Amen. Glory be to God. Amen. Will you bow your heads? Aba Father. Lord God, we come humbly before your throne of grace and mercy this night. Lord, thank you so much, Lord, for what you have already done in our midst, Lord. Thank you for your glorious presence, Almighty God, and how you have come down, Lord, to speak with your children, Lord God, to meet the needs of your people, to encourage us in the battle, Lord Jesus. Father, we're so grateful for your faithfulness, Lord. We're so grateful that you're mindful of us, Lord Jesus. Lord, you would come down in the midst of a people, Lord, desiring to see you, Lord, and how you have moved, Lord, upon our brethren, Lord God, to minister the word of life to us all. And Father, we're so grateful, Lord God, for every song that was sung, Lord, the the musicians, Lord. Father, you have blessed us, this the body of the Lord Jesus Christ with such talent, Lord Jesus. And we pray that you'll continue to anoint your children, oh Lord God. We pray, Lord, that you'll fall down like a hard rain in the midst of us, Lord, watering our souls, Lord Jesus, with your presence. Lord, we want to be more like you. We want to see you tonight. Father God, we pray, almighty God, that you would anoint brotherw, Lord Jesus, to bring forth your truth to a believing people. Lord, we know all things are possible to them that believe. Lord, we're looking for the supernatural amongst us tonight. Minister to your people, Lord. And Lord, as we offer up our praise and thanksgiving, Lord, inhabit the praises of your children. Bless us each one, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you the praise, honor, and glory. This we ask in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Thank you. We have a few specials for tonight. We would like to begin by calling Sister Victoria Kamoto from South Carolina. If she's here, let's have her come up. Amen. Glory. Praise God. Amen. God bless you saints. I hope that this song will be a blessing to you. I will not reject your prayer. Praying makes you stronger. I have never seen the righteous forsen begging for bread and left to suffer. Have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. When you lift up your hands and surrender, God will move through. Oh worship simply worship. If you are crying worship in your trials worship if you are hurting worship nothing matters. Worship he will hear your praise. God goes before you say, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels fighting from on high. He's leading the way and he is the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. You'll walk with you along life's worthy trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. and give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. We understand when God is speaking. And sometimes he may seem to be silent but that is where he is working. Yes, he is working and have patience. Just wait and see what God will do. Oh, when you lift up your hands and surrender, God will. Oh, worship. We worship. Worship in your trials. Worship. If you are hurting, worship. Nothing matters. Worship and he will hear your prayer. God before you say, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds to set you free. He's sending his angels fighting from on high. He's leading the way and he's the guide. He will stand. He'll walk with you all night from your trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. And what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my name. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing better. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jes. What a beautiful name. What a beautiful name. The name. What a beautiful day. The beautiful name is the name of you have the right. You have all now and forever. Yours is the king. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name of so bright. &gt;&gt; You ever follow me now and forever. &gt;&gt; Now forever. I praise. Yours is the king. &gt;&gt; Forever king. &gt;&gt; Yours is the glory. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name of what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. Nothing. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name. &gt;&gt; The name of &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Jesus Christ. What a beautiful me. Oh my God. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus. Jesus. In the name of Jesus. The name of Jesus. Amen. What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; Glory. And we're going to call next special, Sister Rebecca. Come on, go. Sister Rebecca, let's have her come up. Let's clap our hands. Glory. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. You want to say this one more time? I don't mind. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. I don't mind wait. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. Rebecca, &gt;&gt; God bless you all. This song, um, it's really easy to catch on to, so if you if you get it while I'm singing, please join in. When I'm not feeling my best and my body's needing rest, I can wipe away my tears. And I can change the atmosphere when I'm not feeling my best and my body's needing rest. I can wipe away my tears and I can change the atmosphere. When my heart is overwhelmed and I can't seem to calm myself, if I can just get my mind clear, I can change the atmosphere. When my heart is overwhelmed and I can't seem to calm myself, if I can just get my mind clear, then I can change the atmosphere. If you're tired of struggling and you need a song to sing, to turn your sadness into cheer. You can change the atmosphere. Yes. If you're tired of struggling and you need a song to sing, turn your sadness into cheer. Yes, you can change the atmosphere. Yes, we are more than conquerors. And Jesus told us in his word that we can push away our fears and we can change the atmosphere. Yes, we are more than conquerors. And Jesus told us in his word that we can push away your fears and we can change the atmosphere. Through Christ we have authority. And our praises make the darkness flee. And he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. Through Christ we have authority. Yes we do. Our praises make the darkness flee. Yes. And he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. Yes, Jesus promised to be near. So, let's change the atmosphere. Let's put our hands together one more time. Beautiful. Let's place them to our feet. We're going to sing a song real quick. Let everything that has breath praise the Lord. Right. We want to hear all those hands clap. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you guys know the song I praise on the valley, praise on the mountain? Give me a key for that um song real quick here. Um we're going to sing it together. Amen. Come on, let's raise those hand clap to the Lord tonight. Oh, let's sing. I praise in the valley. I praise on the mountain. I praise when I'm sure. I praise when I'm doubting. I praise when outnumbered. I praise when surrounded. I praise water. My enemies drowning. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to pray the Lord. Oh my soul you say praise the Lord. Oh my soul you say praise the Lord. Oh my soul I say I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I won't be quiet. My God is alive. I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. You say, "Oh my soul, let everything have breath. Praise the Lord." Uh, praise the Lord. Let's say, let everything uh that has breath. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, let everything uh that has breath. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I say I praise in the valley. I praise in the mountain. I praise when I'm sure. I praise when I'm doubting. I praise when I'm number. Our praise when surrounded. Oh, our praise is the water. My enemy shrouded. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. You say, "Praise the Lord." Oh, you praise is the Lord. Oh, oh, you said grace. Oh my. So, you said pray. Oh my. You say you say you say I say God is able to do just what he says it will do. Oh he's going to fulfill every require. Oh don't give up on God. Oh, so he let's say he said oh let's say oh let's say God is able to do just what he says here he's going to stop the healer Don't give up on God. So he won't give up. Let's say he's able. He's able. One more time. The same thing God is able to do. He's going to fulfill her. Don't give up on God. Say so. I'm going to praise the Lord. You say, you say to the Lord, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. I could say I won't be quiet. I could Oh, let's say I won't be quiet. I could I won't be quiet. I'm going to pray the Lord. Oh my soul. You say pray. Oh my soul. We going to break it down. I say praise the Lord, oh my soul. How many so want to praise God tonight? Go to our God be the glory. You may take back your seat. We have two more specials for tonight. Well, actually three. Let's have Sister Grace Armstrong to come up. She has a special. Let's clap our hands as she's coming up. Sister Grace, glory, glory. To all God be the glory. Do you like to praise God? I love to praise him. Amen. Amen. They said I wouldn't make it. They said I wouldn't be here today. They said I never amount to anything. But I'm glad to say that I'm on my way and I'm growing more and more each day. There were many that started out with me. But now they're gone astray. But that's all right cuz I am still holding on. I am still holding on. Yes, I am. I am still holding on to his hand. When I was young, I gave God my hand and I told him to lead the way. And though the road has been rough, though the going's been mighty tough, still I ain't going nowhere. I'm about here to stay. Though I've been talked about and though I've been criticized, I've wiped so many tears from my eyes. But that's all right cuz I am still holding on. I am still holding on. Yes, I am. I am still oh holding on to his hand. I am still holding on. Yes, I'm still in my God's holy plan. I am still. Yes, I am. Oh, and I'm bound for the promised land. And I will never Oh, no. I'll never let go of his hand. Through our trials and tribulations, I am still. Yes, I am. Oh, den. Yes, I'm still in my God's holy plan. You can't talk about me. Scandalize my name. Oh, den. Oh, I'm bound for the promised land. And I will never Oh, no. I never let go. Oh. Love his hand. His hand. Oh, I will never Oh, no. I never let his hand. You got to trust him. You got to believe him. Oh, I will never Oh, no. I'll never let go. Oh, I'll never I'll never I will never I will never Oh, no. I'll never let go of his hand. Yeah. Glory to God. My what a gift. Let's have sister Rainey. Amen. Amen. Glory. My my I love her singing personally. I don't know about you. Amen. Amen. Elevators. God bless you. I'm still holding on. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. If you know it, pray with me. You may be down and feel like God has somehow forgotten. and you are faced with circumstances you can't get through. Right now it seems there's no way out and you're going under. But my God has proven time and time again, he will take care of you. And he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Just take a look at where you are now. the way you were back then. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same God as you may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. God knows the things you're going through. He knows how you're hurting. And my God knows just how your heart has been broken into. He's the God of the sun, the stars, the seas, and he is your father. And if he can come, the storm cease, he will fix it for you. And he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Just take a look at where you are now and the where you were back then. Hasn't he always come through for you? He's the same God as men. You may not know how, you may not know when, but he'll do it again. He will and he will not fail you. He is the God. Oh, and he does the church. He is still the God. And he's standing before you. Just like Daniel, just like Moses, just like Sadra Mackel, he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Just take a look at where you are now and the where you were back then. as if he always come through for you. He's the same God as you may not know how. You may not know when. You may not know how. You may not know when. You may not know how. You may not know why, but he'll do it again. My do you believe that he will do it again for you tonight? &gt;&gt; You may not know how. You may not know when, but he will do it again. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because Christ is my firm foundation. &gt;&gt; The rock on which I stand when everything around me shaking. You want to sing the song? It just inspired me to sing this song. And as South Florida choir getting ready to come up, we're going to sing the songs as they are all gathering. Let's have the South Florida choir coming up, but we're going to sing Christ is my firm foundation. Is that all right? Amen. Christ is my firm foundation. The rock on which I stand. When everything around me shen, I never been more glad. I put my faith in Jesus. He's never let me down. Faithful through generation, so why would he fail now? Let's say he walk. Oh, he won't. Hey, he won't f He won't fail. He won't. Oh, I still got joy in chaos. I got peace that make no sense. So I won't be going London. I'm not held by my own strength. I build my life on Jesus. He's never let me down. Faithful through genation. Oh, I would be f I say he won't. Oh, he won't. Yeah, he won't. He won't fail. He won't fail. He won't Can somebody say this one more time? He won't fail. He won't fail. He won't fail. He won't fail. Oh, he won't f He won't. Glory. And with us, the South Florida Choir. Praise the Lord. Uh, I hope y'all been enjoying yel this weekend. &gt;&gt; Um, we were uh rehearsing for the night of worship and the choir was just they said, "Is that the only time we're going to sing on the night of worship?" Say, "Well, if we can get some more songs done, we'll we'll we'll uh try to put some in some of the other services." And then it was decided that we would um we would do a throwback a throwback. And I I'm sure you all are uh familiar with this one. And um you know the um um the writer of this song recently passed away. Uh so you know happy that he left us something that we could just rejoice with. Sometime God gets glory out of a life even after they've gone on. Uh so we we thank God for this. So this is a the old old throwback that we just like doing in South Florida &gt;&gt; and uh I trust that you will enjoy it with us. Amen. Come let us adore him. Amen. Come let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Come let us adore him. kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel, you worship you. We worship you. Come let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Come let us adore him. Kneel down before him. Worship and adore him. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Immuel. Immuel. Immuel. Emmanuel Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Immuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. We worship you. We worship you. We worship you. We worship you. Imuel Emuel Evuel. Imuel Evuel Evuel Evuel Emuel Emuel Emuel Emuel, Emuel, &gt;&gt; Emuel, &gt;&gt; we worship South Florida choir. Come on, give God praise for them. My God. My God. My God. appreciate each and every one of them. want to thank God for all the pastors that allowed us to um bring this choir together. You know, the South Florida choir was an idea of uh Brother Wesco's. Brother Wesco is the one that got that started. And um and you know It's just something that we have to we have to keep moving um and and and it takes um just everybody working together in order for it to be successful. So, I want to thank all the pastors, the local pastors. Uh as I mentioned there there so many churches that were represented uh in uh in that uh uh choir but we thank God for each and everyone. Amen. Somebody asks for this. So I'll sing it. Though the oceans may roar, the mountains be shaken, I know I'm not forsaken, for you are with me. Every step that I take, no, I won't have to worry. I know your hand will guide me. You are with me. Though the oceanions may roar and the mountains be shen, I know I'm not forsen. For you are with me. And every step that I take, I won't have to worry. I know your hand will guide me you through the oceans, the mountains. Yeah, I know I'm not forsaken. You are with me and every step I don't have to worry. I know your hand will guide me. Yes, it will. Come on, lift your voice. Though the oions, the mountains they may shake. I'm not forsaken. Oh, you are with me. Come on. every step. I don't have to worry. I know you're here. Jesus, you will never leave me. Mountaintop or valley. God, I know that you are with me. I'll keep God. I know that you sing it again. I said Jesus you will never leave me God. I know you are with me. So I'll keep going to keep holding on. Going to keep holding on. Hey Come on, give the Lord a hand of praise. He promised never to leave us nor forsake us. Would you just stand with me just for a second? I have a prayer request that I want to take before the Lord. I have a son-in-law would have desired to be here with us this weekend, but he had to fly home to Delaware to be at the bedside with his mom as he took ill. Um, we prayed for her and God has touched her and I know that she had lost her eyesight and God restored her eyesight. Praise God. And um they um he he told me, you know, some of the medication that she was taking, she started her body started to respond to it. And so she was just getting better uh every day. We thank God for that. But he said that tomorrow she has to have surgery. uh she had lasic surgery a couple years ago and and the lens from the lasic surgery has become infected and that lens has to be removed. So on tomorrow she has to have eye surgery. Uh and um they asked for prayer. So we want to pray for uh I believe the name is Lenor. Uh so we want to pray for her. If you just bow your heads amen with me as we take this request to the Lord. Father, we come in the name of Jesus on behalf of Paul's mother, Lenor. God, she is facing a surgery on tomorrow. We ask that you would go before her, God, that you would allow uh the doctors to be successful in what they're doing. We thank you for touching her body thus far uh that she's even at a point where she can have the surgery. Lord, we know that you're in control of everything. And God, we just ask that you would help her, Father, to be made completely whole. And we know that the work of restoration is a complete work that you do. So, Father, ask that you'd move on her behalf right where she is. We pray that your presence would bring peace and Father, that you would settle their spirits. Let them know that you have everything under control. God, we give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated in the presence of the Lord. Let me just make a few announcements here and uh we will get out of the way and allow the word of God to go forth. Uh on tonight, I I wanted to say once again, I thank God for brother Solomon Hoffman. Amen. And his ministry. Uh we appreciate him coming to be a blessing to us during these services. Brother Cadre Diggs this morning. Thank God for him and his ministry. Uh him being a blessing to us and and Brother Gwyn who's come from overseas. Amen. To be with us. He's preached once and he'll preach again tonight. We thank God for him and his precious wife. Amen. We thank God for them. Um I wanted to I forgot to say thanks this morning to our sisters back here that work the projection. Uh they do an excellent job. Uh appreciate sister Tina and Sister Abby. We thank God for them. All the musicians that have been a part of this weekend. God bless you all. The minstrals. Amen. We we just really appreciate you all. And um other thing I wanted to I I was told that we have another birthday in this place today. Amen. There's a brother Shama. Amen. and brother teacher's son, brother Shama. So we're going to sing happy birthday to brother Shama. Happy birthday to you. Oh happy birthday to you. Oh happy birthday brother Shama. Happy birthday to you. God bless you, brother Shama. It seemed like uh July 27th was a real special day. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Um for Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, um couple things I just need need to make mention of. We um the brothers on tomorrow we have to come at 9:00 a.m. to break down everything to get it out of the auditorium. So those that can assist at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow, we greatly appreciate that. Our next service, the Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, is on Wednesday night um at 7:30 p.m. Uh those of you that may not know, uh the Lord has opened up a door for us to have fellowship inside of another sanctuary. And we'll be meet moving to a church that's sharing their sanctuary with us. Um they have given us access to it until the Lord gives us our permanent home. But right now, we're going to get some rest at Eagles Rest. Amen. We're going to get a little rest. So, we're re relocating. It's Wednesday night. We'll be there. The address is 2922 Jock Grove and Green Acres, Florida, uh 33463. So, 7:30 on Wednesday night will be our first service there at our new location. We thank God for his provision. Amen. And as you're aware, since we're sharing the sanctuary, we have to change the times on Sundays. Uh so our prayer time will start about 30 minutes early. You know what we normally do, we'll go 8:30 to 9:30. Our Sunday school will be from 8:45 to 9:15 and then our service will start at 9:30 a.m. uh there on Sunday morning. So uh keep that in mind. But the very first service that we'll have at the new location will be Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. at Eagles Rest. Don't go back to uh JGA Middle School. That season is over. Hallelujah. Amen. But we'll meet you at Eagle's Rest. Amen. Which is where we'll be fellowshipping now. Praise the Lord. Are you ready for the word of the Lord? Y'all sound like y'all not ready. I said, are you ready for the word of the Lord? Uh let us stand to our feet as we prepare to welcome God's servant to the pull pit, Brother Whisper Winner from Amen UK by way of Zimbabwe. Amen. Hallelujah. Amazing grace how sweet the sound is in grace. How sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. Oh, I on was lost but now I'm found. Whoa. was blind but now I Amen. I also want to thank God for our song leaders, Brother Solomon, Brother Larry Jr., Brother Joe, Brother Eli. Appreciate you brothers for leading us in worship. Amen. We appreciate you very much. Amen. As brother whisper comes, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Come on, lift your voice in this place. Say, "Praise God." Let's do that one more time. Where you see? Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Please forgive me. Um I forgot to do the offering again. And uh you know we do everything online nowadays. So it done changed everything. So we'll have the brothers come really quick. We know service is not complete unless we do the offering. So have the brothers come really quick before we get into the word of the Lord tonight. Amen. Let me uh pray over the offering as the brothers are coming. Amen. And then you'll be free to give as the Lord has placed in your heart. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for this opportunity that we have to give. Uh trust that you would um give back to your people as they give from their hearts. Bless them abundantly. Use this for your glory and for your honors in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Come on, one more time. Yes. Praise God. Praise. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise. Praise him. Praise. Oh, praise God. My God. My God. Amen. As we welcome brother Gwyn. Hallelujah. God bless you. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Should we just bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we approach your throne of grace yet again, Lord, tonight. Father, we are so thankful for this far that you have brought us. You started with us, you are still here with us. We're so glad that you never miss your appointments. You said where two or three are gathered in my name there will be in their midst father and we are grateful that you've been in our midst Lord and we know you are here to finish this part with us. Father we ask that you can just step in and Lord may you take control. We thank you Lord Father for your servant brother Jack the helps and the governments Lord who have helped to put this meeting together. Father the inspiration that you placed upon them the strength that you gave them the means that you gave them but father above all we thank you as the orchestrator behind it all. So father we just want to appreciate you at this time and say thank you heavenly father for your provision. Thank you heavenly father for your doing. It is marvelous to us Lord as we come to this part of the service. I pray Lord that you can just take over now. We commit all things to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. I greet you yet again in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. How many are happy to be back in the house of the Lord? What a wonderful time that we have had. How many appreciate the Lord for this weekend? &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, you can do better than that. Amen. Let's just appreciate the spirit and truth tabernacle. Amen for organizing these meetings. Praise the Lord. We pray that the Lord will strengthen them, will uh restore everything that is gone out that they might be able to carry on and do what God wants them to do. Amen. Without wasting any of your time, I just want us to go straight into the word. Amen. Luke chapter 24 starting from verse 25 the Bible reads here. Then he said unto them all fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory. And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself. And they drew nigh unto the village, whether they went, and he met as though he would have gone further. But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us, for it is toward evening, and the days far spent. And he went in to tar with them. And it came to pass, as he said, at meetat with them, he took bread and blessed it, and break it, and gave it to them. And their eyes were opened and they knew him and he vanished out of their sight. And they said one to another, "Did not our heart bend within us while he talked with us by the way and while he opened to us the scriptures." Revelations chapter 10 verse 7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared it to his servants, the prophets. We may be seated as we bow our heads. Father, we have read your word. We now come Lord to this scary part. The part that we can never be able to handle is man. Father because there is in us there's nothing in us that is able. Lord we are so unworthy but thou art worthy. So unable but thou art able. So weak but thou art strong. Father, we pray that you, the author of your word, you can step in now. Father, put me aside and Lord, may you step in and give us a message for tonight. We thank you, Lord, Father God Almighty, that you are already here with us and you are fellowshipping with us. We welcome you, great Holy Spirit. Father, begin this part with us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Allow me to just take off my jacket. Praise the Lord. How many are still happy tonight? Oh, not many. How many are still happy tonight? That sounds better. God bless you. Amen. I want to take a title and the title of our sermon tonight, I'm speaking on the finished mystery that defines the restored bride. Amen. Now, last night we looked at the restoration of the bride and um our subject was the bride age. Today we we want to look at the finished mystery that defines the restored bride. Amen. I hope it will make sense along the way. But um let me start by reading this quote that the prophet gives us in the message of grace. Now you I want you to put on your spiritual thinking anointing jacket this evening. Now you &gt;&gt; tell your neighbor it's about you. I want you to put on your spiritual thinking, your anointing jacket. Amen. I I hope you have the anointing jacket. I hope you've got a spiritual thinking cap somewhere. Amen. As as we get into this message tonight, how many have got an anointing jacket? How many have got a spiritual thinking now? Amen. And spiritual things are spiritually designed. You got to move into a certain realm in order to understand the spiritual things. Say amen somebody. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now we we are living in in in the days when so many critics are rising around the message. We find that people that used to preach this message are turning against this message. And yet you wonder why? What what is it that they were preaching then? And what's the reason? And to me there is only one answer. And that answer is they never had a true revelation of what this message is all about. Once you catch a real revelation of what this message is all about. Nothing can shake you out of this message. And I repeat, nothing can shake you out of this message. Do I have a witness? Nothing can shake you out of this once you get to understand what this message is all about. If you have a revelation of what this message is all about, nothing can shake you out of this message. &gt;&gt; But now when we see the onslaught of all these attacks that are coming on the message, as ministers, you know, we have a duty, amen, to to make the message more real before the people. We have a duty to make sure that the people are well founded in the message. &gt;&gt; Root them deep into the message. &gt;&gt; Get our roots to go right deep into the message. And by God's grace, that's my objective tonight. Amen. We're taking our inspiration out of Revelations chapter 10 verse number 7. Amen. Which is the scripture that we have read there. Now we we we read this scripture so many times. And the reason why we refer to this scripture so many times is because it's a central verse to us as believers of the message because right in this verse we find here the commission of the seventh angel who we know was brother William Mariam Brana. But I have a question for you tonight. And my question is, though we read this scripture so many times, though we have preached around this scripture so many times, but have you ever really looked at how this scripture is actually written? Amen. &gt;&gt; It says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. And watch it says the mystery singular. &gt;&gt; And all plural. So if we are to read this right, Amen. What shall be finished in the days of the voice of the seventh angel is not mysteries, &gt;&gt; but what was to be finished in the days of the seventh angel is the mystery singular and the verse is quite clear and like we saw last night, God does not play with words. He he he does not add. He does not subtract. &gt;&gt; He just places it exactly the way he wants it. &gt;&gt; He knows there's mysteries plural and he knows there's mystery singular. But here he puts it as mystery singular. &gt;&gt; So the commission of Revelations chapter 10:7 it is to finish the mystery. And right there you see the way this verse is laid. Amen. It opens an avenue for somebody to say if brother Brham came to reveal a mystery singular therefore it means he did not reveal all the mysteries. It opens an avenue for a critic to begin to say okay so if brother Brham did not okay the commission of revelations 10:7 spoke of a mystery. So if you spoke of mysteries then brother Brana made a mistake. &gt;&gt; It opens avenues for critics. &gt;&gt; It can also open avenues for false prophets. &gt;&gt; Who can come and they can say brother Brham came to review this mystery. I am sent to review this other mystery. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Watch it. &gt;&gt; That's right. So just the fact that Revelations 10:7 it speaks of a singular the singular nature of Revelations 10:7 we can have a solid lesson in here tonight. &gt;&gt; And that's why I said put on your spiritual thinking. &gt;&gt; Put your on your anointing jacket. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; We we have something in here that must of necessity be unraveled. Why is this singular? What exactly is this mystery that the seventh angel is to finish? But what about all the other mysteries that brother Brham spoke about that he said he came to reveal? How do we feed in all these other mysteries into this scripture which speaks of a singular mystery? We have some questions real church and these are questions that a real message student has got to look at and you've got to try and say okay so what is going on here and the next question that I can get here is so if the scripture says mysteries singular did not brother Brham take this to mean mysteries plural did he not say mysteries instead of mystery And the answer is yes, he did. &gt;&gt; So if he did, when the scripture says mystery, how come he ends up saying mysteries? Is he making a mistake? We have some questions to be resolved here tonight. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; And by God's grace, we want to be able to look into this. Amen. And as as we solve this question, we will see what defines the restored bride of this hour. &gt;&gt; Let me get into what the prophet of God says in the message. Is this the sign of the answer? He says, "The seventh angel of Revelations 10:7 is the seventh church age messenger." See, now watch. And in the days, now watch here. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery and he quotes it right and he reads it as singular the mystery of God should be finished. &gt;&gt; Is that right? He goes on and he says now sounding forth this messenger the seventh angel here is sounding forth his message of the ludician churches of the Lordian church. Notice this type of message now. It wasn't to the first angel wasn't given. The second angel, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, but it is the seventh angel that had this type of message. What was it? Notice his type of message. Finishing all the mysteries of God that are written in the book. The seventh angel is winding up all the mysteries. But brother Brham, you just read the verse and the verse said mystery. Where you getting the mysteries from? Now that's laying loose ended all out through these organizations and denominations. The seventh angel gathers them up and finishes the entire mystery. Then he switches back again. &gt;&gt; That's what the Bible says. Finishes the mystery. &gt;&gt; But brother Brham, you have just said here mysteries, mysteries. Now you're saying finishing the mystery. What are you talking about? &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Brham, in exactly the same paragraph, he refers to mysteries and then he switches to mystery. And he's he's got no problem in switching between mystery and mysteries. And he carries on like he has done nothing just to confound the mind of the intellectual. &gt;&gt; What a lesson we have here tonight, church. &gt;&gt; You know, I just love the word of God. I love the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; It gives room for some critics to find something to criticize. And I just love that. And somebody say you you you love that. Why do you love that? Because it begins to tell us who is who. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, in the word is laid some stumbling stones, some rocks of offenses that others might stumble on them. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Like Christ came in the book of John chapter 6 and he just threw a bombshell and he said, "Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no part in me." He never explained it. And when he said what he said, 70 were stumbled right there and they left the message of the hour. But he turned to a Peter and he said to Peter, "Will you go also?" That's when Peter spoke those notable words and Peter spoke and he said to who shall we go seeing you alone have the words of eternal life. Now it's not that Peter understood what he was talking about. He did not understand the flesh and the eating of the flesh and the drinking of the blood. He did not understand that. But there is one thing that Peter knew that we are not called to understand. We are called to believe. Only believe. only believe. All things are possible. Well, I believe I've got some Peters in here. I believe I've got some Peters in here that can say to who shall we go see the message alone as the words of eternal life in this day and in this. Or do I have a Peter in here? If I got a Peter, shout amen. Shout amen. Shout amen. I am the Peter of today. Where can I go? To whom shall I go? Seeing the message alone has the words of eternal life. Glory to God in the eyes. Brother, let me say we are not called to understand. We are called to believe. I don't need to understand the brown bear. I don't need to have answers about the brown bear. Though we have it, but we don't need to have the answers. We don't need to have answers about why 28th of February 1963 the prophet was supposed to be out of a hunting season. We don't need to have the answers. We are called to believe though we have the answers. In case you think we are running away, we have the answers. But we are not called to have answers. We are called to believe. Or do I have a believer in here? Do I have a believer in here? Behold, I lay in Zion a stumbling stone, a rock of offense that others can stumble on it. But the to the true believer, they will still go on anyhow. &gt;&gt; Glory. Hey, the sound engineers fixed me right tonight. Thank you, sir. Let's keep it right there. Amen. Praise the Lord. So the seventh angel speaks of mysteries. Is that right? He says the seventh angel came to finish all the mysteries. And yet acknowledging the Bible says mysteries singular. Not only does he say that mysteries, but he actually goes on and he starts to name some of the mysteries in that message. He goes on and he says, "Now let's note a few of these mysteries and if you want to write them down. Number one, the mystery of the kingdom of heaven." Matthew 13:3-50. Now, second mystery is the mystery of Israel's blindness during this urge. Romans 11:25. Third, third mystery is the mystery of the translation of the living saints at the end of at the end time of this urge. 1 Corinthians chapter 14, paragraph 248, the fourth mystery of the New Testament church as one body composed of both Jews and Gentiles. Ephesians 3:1-11, Romans 16:25, Ephesians 6:19, Colossians 4:3. The fifth mystery is of the church as the bride of Christ. Ephesians 5:28-32. Sixth mystery is of the living Christ same yesterday, today and forever. Colossians 2:20 and Hebrews 13:8 and many places like that. The seventh mystery is of God even Christ as the incarnate fullness of the Godhead embodied in whom all divine wisdom and godliness is restored to a man. &gt;&gt; Ninth mystery is the mystery of iniquity found in 2 Thessalonians. 10th mystery is of the seven stars of Revelations 120. We just been through that. The seven stars of the seven churches, the seven messages and so forth. And the 11th mystery is the mystery Babylon the prostitute. Revelation 17:5-7. &gt;&gt; Then he goes on and he says that some of the mysteries that the angel is supposed to wind up all the mystery. Hey Hey, are you catching the grammar here? That some of the mysteries that the angel is supposed to wind up all the mystery. &gt;&gt; How does this balance out? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So we see he keeps interchanging and he keeps switching between mystery singular mysteries plural and he doesn't seem to have a problem in doing it and he just carries on anyhow. So to the prophet definitely he never had a problem here. Not only does he stop here, he then carries on and he says, "And the other, may I say this with reverence and not referring to myself, but referring to the angel of God." Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Now, he's switching to the mysteries that he came to reveal. And he's saying now, not referring to myself, but referring to the angel of the Lord. Let me tell you this message is not just about William Marion Brana. But this message is about the angel of the Lord that came with William Marion Brana. Never a man spoke like him. He said in my many years of studying the Bible and talking with the angel of the Lord. Every other minister we study the Bible but we don't talk with the angel of the Lord. But with Malachi 4, he said, "In my many years of studying the Bible and talking with the angel of the Lord," he says, "the serpent seed." &gt;&gt; That's been a hidden mystery all through the years. The grace straightened out. Not disgrace, but real true grace. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Paragraph 259. No such a things as eternal. Burning hell. You burn for millions of years, but anything that was eternal had never a beginning or an end. And hell was created. All these mysteries, the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation, but the person of Christ performing in you the same works that he did, the mystery of water baptism where the extreme trinitarianism has brought it into titles, father, son, and holy ghost. and the mystery of the godhead being fulfilled in the baptism of the name of Jesus Christ. There is some of the mysteries. He's dealing with mysteries. &gt;&gt; But the seventh angel is come to to fulfill a mis a mystery singular. Paragraph 262 the pillar of fire returning back. Amen. And that's the thing that's supposed to take place. And we see it. Oh, I like this part. The returning of the pillar of fire. And we see it. Oh, how we could go on naming the mysteries. Seeing that pillar of fire that led the children of Israel, the same one that struck down Saul on his road down to Damascus. And the same one coming with the same power, doing the same things and revealing the same word, staying word by word with the Bible. &gt;&gt; Come on church. &gt;&gt; The pillar of fire that we have heard in this day returning again and we are seeing it. What did he come to do? To do exactly the same thing. Same one coming uh with the same power with the same things. I mean, doing the same things, revealing the same word, staying word by word with the Bible. And I'm here to tell you, church, that that angel of the Lord, he never left when the prophet went, but he's still on earth fixing the bride for the rapture. I believe the pillar of fire is still here. One of the fine days, amen, when he's well pleased, he can just appear in a congregation. Uh, can you say amen, somebody? You get according to your expectation. If you are expecting him to appear, you can see him one of the fine days. How many say, "I believe it." &gt;&gt; Because he's still on earth fixing the bride for the rapture. Say, "Amen, somebody." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then he comes and he says, "Somebody has come forth with a chart and draw it out. And somebody has come forth another thing and draw this out contrary to this one. Someone has come forth and said this is it coming back to this and others has wrote books and things like that. But God comes in the power of his resurrection. And who is he and who is going to speak against it? When God comes in the power of his resurrection, no critic can ever rise. If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever, he does the same that he did yesterday, today and forever. That's what this angel is supposed to do. Take them mysteries, them loose ends that people run out on. &gt;&gt; So he's supposed to come and take them mysteries that them loose ends that people run out on. So yes, the prophet came to wind up all these misfits, but he doesn't wind up these misfits with his intellectual capacity because he doesn't have any. He was a great servant. Amen. And God made sure that he chooses someone that is not educated. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Lest you say it's his education. But he came, praise the Lord, with the anointing and the anction of the angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord in the highest. &gt;&gt; And he came, hallelujah, that when he spoke, then God, amen, would come to vindicate what that prophet has spoken about. So he came demonstrating the signs and then God came giving the voice behind the sign. &gt;&gt; That's what this message is all about. That's what the prophet came to do. &gt;&gt; And we understand when the prophets came, the prophet came, he came, he was going to start, Amen. by tying the loose ends. All those loose ends that they ran out on. But after tying them loose ends, then he was to get into the mysteries upon which no light had ever shineed. &gt;&gt; And that's what was shown in brother Junior's dream. &gt;&gt; And the prophet calls it and he said, "I dreamed a dream and there it was. I just sat still and I listened and watched." Or do you catch what is happening here? The brother comes to the prophet and he says I had a dream and the moment he says that the prophet said I sat down and I listened to him but I am watching. In other words, the dream is playing in a vision whilst brother Junior is reciting the dream. There is a screen glory that the prophet is watching here and the man is reciting the dream. No wonder why at times he was able to say, "Oh, you missed this part." &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. &gt;&gt; We had a prophet in this day, church. He said, "I dreamed that there was a great big hill like out in a field where blue grass or something was and said up on top of the hill where the water had washed away the soil, there was a top a top rock up on top the hill like the top of the mountain, it was rock, no grass. And where the water had washed it down, it had cut some kind of readings on the stones. And you were standing there and interpreting this reading on these stones. So the prophet was interpreting the readings that were on the stone. Then you picked up something from the air, something like a wrecking bar or a crowbar, wasn't it, brother? Something like that. And a wrecking bar, real sharp, and said, "How you done it, I don't know." And he said, "You struck the top of that mountain, ripped it around, lifted up the cape off of it. It was in the shape of a pyramid, and you ripped the top of it." Now that was mans and mans and mans before the pyramid message was preached and said beneath that was a white stone granite and you said the sun or the light has never shined on this before look on this watch this &gt;&gt; so the prophet's ministry amen it started by interpreting tying the loose ends interpreting the writing that was on the outside and when he was done through that then came a wrecking bar something that he picked up from the air and he chopped off the top of the mountain. Now we are in Sabino Canaan 1963 when the sword of the king uh the sword of the king he took that what was that signifying now he's stepping into the area where no light has ever shined upon. Now we are in the vision of Daniel because Daniel chapter 12 said and he said go thy way Daniel for the words are closed up and seal till the time of the end. So the light had never shined on this because the scripture had said no light should shine on this until we come to the end time. Hallelujah. But when we come to the end time something is about to take place. is exactly what Revelations 10:4 says. He was told, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders have uttered and write them not." But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he had declared it to his servants, the prophets. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery of God singular. &gt;&gt; Now what is a mystery? &gt;&gt; The prophet tells us what a mystery is. He says a mystery is scripture. Is a previously hidden truth now divinely revealed. &gt;&gt; But yet the supernatural element still remains despite the revelation. So when a mystery is revealed, a previously hidden truth is revealed, it is made known, but it doesn't take away the supernatural element. &gt;&gt; The supernatural element remains there. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So what is this mystery that we are talking about? What is this mystery? That is a singular mystery. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery shall be finished. And the prophet says the mysteries. So let me say right here we have a mystery that has to be solved tonight. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel even the mystery of the mysteries being plural. Amen. Why? It is a singular mystery has got to be finished. &gt;&gt; Let me repeat what I said. I believe in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery of the mysteries being plural. Why it is a mystery singular is also got to be finished. &gt;&gt; We got to understand it. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; I'm glad I've got your attention. &gt;&gt; Can we get into it? The prophet of God says, "Now God had a purpose and a hidden mystery, not mysteries." God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. And that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning. The hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began and how that is unfolded itself right down to this present hour that we are living. Then you understand clearly then you will see on believe what is being done. &gt;&gt; God's great mystery of how it's a secret. He kept it a secret. Nobody know nothing about it. Even the angels didn't understand it. He didn't reveal it. That's the reason under our seventh mystery when the seventh seal was opened there was silence. So the prophet is now zeroing in and he's talking about mystery, mystery, mystery, and he's not talking about mysteries anymore. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; God had a hidden mystery. And it's a great mystery. Hallelujah. And he connects this mystery with Revelations chapter 10:7. He connects mystery with the seven seals as well. But it's a mystery singular. &gt;&gt; Then the prophet gives us a clue here what this mystery is all about. Oh, I just love this message. He goes on and he says, "Now just be as patient as you can, for I feel that in this year, if God will help me, will reveal and bring into your mind all these other things that I have talked on all through the days of the tabernacle, why I've said what I have said and why I've done what I have done." This is why. Now I want you to look at this carefully because you need to put on your spiritual thinking cap. Now you now need to put on your anointing jacket. Now the prophet of God is saying here now just be as patient as you can for I feel that in this year what he's about. He's introducing the subject. He's introducing what he's going to talk about. But he says in this here if God will help me will reveal and bring into your mind all these other things that I have talked on all through the days of the tabernacle why I have said what I have said and why I have done what I have done. This is why. &gt;&gt; In other words, praise the Lord. What the prophet is going to get into here, he's going to sum up everything that he has ever done in the tabernacle. He's going to sum up every sermon that he has ever preached in the tabernacle. He's going to sum up every action that he has ever taken. Everything in his entire life is going to be in this here. in this one thing that he's going to talk about here. He says this one thing will help reveal into your mind all the things. Oh, come on somebody. Oh, come on somebody. So this thing that he's going to talk about, hallelujah, it covers his entire ministry. Amen. &gt;&gt; And since the seventh angel, Amen. He has come and has preached several other sermons. Now, we can sum all the sermons that he has preached into this one thing &gt;&gt; because he has said all the things that I've said at the tabernacle, all the actions that I've ever taken in my life, they are going to be summed up in this one thing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. when he was taking the writings that was on the outside is going to be summed up in this. When he took this the the 11 mysteries that we started off with is going to be summed up in this one thing. when he then went to where the angel of the Lord took him and he started revealing the mysteries. The mystery of the serpent seed, the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation, all the mysteries that he came to reveal, all that is going to be summed up in this one thing. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God in the highest. when he took the crowbar and he struck the top of the mountain and he now was told looking amen at where the light had never shined is going to be summed up in this one thing. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Now we can begin to understand Revelations 10:7 because Revelations 10:7 says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished." The mystery singular shall be revealed in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. But this mystery is not a mystery as in one thing as your finger. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; It is not one singular as in your finger, but it's a summation of an entire ministry &gt;&gt; which can then be summed up into one thing. &gt;&gt; Are you with me church? &gt;&gt; If you can understand this, then you can understand where I'm going. If you can understand this why the prophet amen came and he says uh in this one thing I'm going to tell you everything that I have done. If you catch that then you can begin to understand how the mystery singular contains all the other mysteries. &gt;&gt; What are you saying brother whisper? When he says the mystery, he's referring to the one thing. But when he says mysteries, he's breaking down the one thing. Because mystery is summing it up. But mysteries, he's breaking down what makes the one thing. Mysteries is what he has preached all down through the time at the tabernacle. is talking about everything that he has done, the actions that he has taken. That's the mysteries. So when he says the mystery, he's referring now to the summation of everything mysteries. He's breaking down the one thing. And that's why the prophet does not have a problem of switching from mystery to mysteries because he's talking of the same thing. And somebody says, "Do you know what you're talking about?" Yeah, I know what I'm talking about because I can give you a type and a shadow for it. Amen. Can we get into the Bible? Amen. Because in the Bible, I find something that is very similar where something is summed up in one but is broken down into several. Somebody says, "Tell me what you're talking about, preacher man." Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; I find it with the prophet Ezekiel. Because when the prophet Ezekiel came hallelujah in Ezekiel chapter one, the prophet Ezekiel said, "Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one will &gt;&gt; upon the earth by the living creatures with his four faces." Then he goes on to verse 16, "But the appearance of the wheels." &gt;&gt; Hey, brother Ezekiel, you have just said you saw one wheel. Where are the wheels coming from? &gt;&gt; And Ezekiel had no problem in switching from one wheel and changing it to wheels. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord a hand of praise, somebody. And their work was like unto the color of burial. and they and they fall at one likeness and their appearance and their work was at it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel. Now what is he talking about? How does he move from a wheel and the wheel become wheels? What is he talking about? But thank God for Malachi 4 because Malachi 4 came and explained to us what Ezekiel was talking about. Brother Brham then says, he says, "Now you know Ezekiel saw it again and he, this same prophet, he saw it as a wheel in the middle of a wheel turning up in the air. Now the wheel, first there is a rim, there is a tire, then the rim, then the spokes, then the hub." So the prophet is now telling us that when you are looking at a wheel, it is not one wheel. &gt;&gt; Take me to the picture. He's saying now when you are looking at a wheel, a wheel has got the first wheel that is on the outside and it is called a tire. Then it has got a second wheel and it is called a rim. Then it has got a wheel that is in the middle of the wheel and that is the h. But when you are looking at this one thing, you call it one wheel. But if you are breaking it down, then you can break it down and say, I got a tire. I got a rim and I got a hub. Then I got wheels. So you can understand how Ezekiel can move from wheel to wheels. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God in the highest. Oh, glory to God in the highest. Let me bring it now to Malachi 4. Hallelujah. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery singular. And then he says in this message for I feel in this here in this one thing uh in this here if God will help me reveal and bring into your mind all other things that I've talked about through the days of the tabernacle why I've said what I said and why I've done what I've done. This is why. So he's going to break down his entire ministry. Hallelujah. Everything that he has ever done through his ministry, he's going to break it down and bring it into one thing. And that is the purpose of the coming of the seventh angel. The big question that we have is what then is this one thing, brother whisper? &gt;&gt; What is this mystery? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; That Revelations 10:7 is supposed to finish. What is this mystery? I want to say that mystery, the answer is lying right in front of us. It has always been right in front of us. What is the mystery, brother? Whisper. Here is the mystery. Christ &gt;&gt; is the mystery of God revealed. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Somebody give the Lord a hand of praise. Somebody Christ is the mystery of God. So what is supposed to be finished in the days of the voice of the seventh angel? It is Christ the mystery of God is to be revealed in the final days. Oh, give the Lord a hand of praise. Oh, say hallelujah. Somebody shout amen. Somebody, this is what is to be revealed. And this is what the seventh angel came to finish. &gt;&gt; Glory to God in the highest. Glory to God in the highest. To understand how this breaks down. Who is Christ? In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. So Christ is the word. So what is to be finished? the mystery of the word. &gt;&gt; And the moment you know that Christ is the word, you can understand now how through the entire ministry of the prophet, all the sermons that he was preaching, what was he preaching about? The word. &gt;&gt; So the mystery of the word is what is supposed to be finished. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And the prophet says he has showed or revealed it in every type in thus in the Bible. Therefore, the entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. The entire Bible is an expression of one goal. &gt;&gt; That God had one purpose. He wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. And all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type in expressing what God's great goal is. And now this is the last day. He has revealed it and shows it. &gt;&gt; So the entire Bible had one goal. &gt;&gt; It can be summed up in one thing. &gt;&gt; Now when he preached the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Amen. He referred to a scripture of Luke chapter 24. Amen. And in Luke chapter 24, he started talking. Amen. Taking this scripture talking about Jesus Christ. how he was talking with the two as they went on their road to a mouse. He said, "Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophet has spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and enter into his glory? And beginning at Moses and all prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself." &gt;&gt; So what is Christ doing here? He's taking them through the Bible. And the Bible says beginning at Moses, what is Moses in the Bible? When he says Moses, he's speaking of Genesis. He's speaking of Exodus. He's speaking of Leviticus. He's speaking of Numbers. He's speaking of Deuteronomy. So, beginning with those five books, he began to show how he was supposed to be in there. In the book of Genesis, he was Mechisedc. Can you say amen? The one without father and without mother. He was that elohim that came into the plains of Mamry. Hallelujah. With skin on him and sat down and ate some food together with Abraham. Can you say amen? You move into the book of Exodus. Who was he in Exodus? He was the angel of the Lord. Behold, I send my angel before you. Beware of him. Who was he when he gets into the book of Leviticus? In the book of Leviticus, he then becomes the waters of separation. And I hear my prophets say, when you see water of separation, place Christ there. Oh, come on, give the Lord a hand of praise. Who was he in the book of Numbers? Uh, he was the serpent that was raised up. Uh, Amen. Look and leave. No matter what you are, look and leave. No matter what your situation is, look and leave. I want to say to you tonight, I don't know what your burden is, but look and leave. You are not looking at a raised present serpent, but you are looking at Jesus Christ, the author and finisher of your life, the author and finisher of your faith. Or somebody says, "I'm going to look tonight. And when I look, I'm going to leave. Uh, can you say amen? When you get into the book of Deuteronomy, who was he in the book of Deuteronomy? He was alive. &gt;&gt; Because I hear the book saying in Deuteronomy 30:1 19, praise God in the highest. Behold, I lay life and death before you. Choose life. Then Jesus comes and he says, I am the way, the truth, and the life. So he was the life in the book of Deuteronomy. Can you say amen somebody? We step into the book of judges. Who was he in the book of judges? He was the spirit that would come upon the judges like the spirit came upon and he went and defied. Oh brother, when the spirit of God comes upon you, I don't care who is against you. I don't care what demons is against you. I don't care how many years he has been around you. Even tonight when the anointing comes upon you, that demon has to go. That cushion time has to leave your arm, has got to leave your ch or tell that demon that tonight you are going to get out. Oh, how many want to believe it with me? Give that devil a notice to say by the time I get to the end of these meetings, I'm walking out of here free. I'm leaving all my parents in this school hall. I'm not carrying no garbage with me. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; He was the spirit of God that would come upon the judges in the book of Revel in in the book of in the book of judges. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; When you move over to the book of Ruth, who was he? He was that seventh measure that was missing in the measures of Boaz. Oh, I can keep getting on. Who was he when he comes into the book of the Kings? He's the king of the kings. He's the Lord of the Lords. He is the principal theme of the Bible. Beginning with Moses, he expounded through all the prophets. Oh, glory to God in the eyes. Can you say amen? Can you say amen? Beginning with Moses, he started expounding everything. Praise the Lord in the highest. Now you I want you to watch something here. The Bible says beginning at Moses and all the prophets. The Bible does not say beginning with Genesis. &gt;&gt; People have problems when we say brother Brandham says They just don't know the order of the Bible. &gt;&gt; The Bible says here, beginning with &gt;&gt; not with Genesis. &gt;&gt; Not only does the Bible says that, but the Bible also says in the book of Acts, it says, give me the scripture. Moses of old time in every city them that preach him. They are not preaching the word. They are preaching Moses. And they accuse us. Why are you preaching brother Brandham? Why are you preaching brother Brown? You don't know your Bible. The message and the messenger are one. And that's the passage. You can't separate the message from the messenger. Can you say amen? We are more scriptural than they think when we caught the prophet because the Bible caught them that brought the word. Can you say amen, somebody? You know one time I was actually accused somebody came and he says hey preacher man you know when you were preaching you never even mentioned the name of Jesus Christ not once. I said really I'm not sure he was right because I don't think I can preach without mentioning the Lord Jesus but I assumed he was right. And I said really? He said yeah. I said let me ask you a question. Did I read a scripture? Because I always do when I start. And he says, "Yeah, you read a scripture." I said, "Right there when I read the scripture, I read Jesus Christ." Glory to God in the highest because why? He is the principal theme of the Bible. If you read the Bible, I'm on this quotation. If you read the Bible and don't see Christ in every verse of it, go back and read it again. &gt;&gt; I'm on paragraph 121. He says, "Go back and read it again." He is the principal theme of the entire Bible. Are you with me? If you can't see Christ in every verse of the Bible, then you can read it again because you have missed something. The Bible is Christ. He is the word. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Then I carried on and I said brother when I was talking about what brother Brham said and I quoted brother Brham what I quoted what brother Brham said was it Bible &gt;&gt; what brother Brham was referring to was it in the scripture and he says yeah it was in the scripture I said if it was in the scripture I'm talking about Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; because Paul says follow me even as I follow Christ. Be ye followers of me. Where do you know your Bible from? What school did you go to? Get thee behind me. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord in the eyes. Brother, you don't play with the message believer. We know where where we stand. This is the principal theme of the entire Bible. It's Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ alone. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord in the highest. Now, how do we see Jesus Christ? We see him as the word is going forth with those that were going to a mouse. How did they end up identifying him? They ended up identifying him when he took the bread. Luke 24:30, he took the bread and he blessed it and he break it and he gave it to them and their eyes were opened. &gt;&gt; What opened their eyes? The breaking of the bread. And they said one to another, "Did not our heart burn within us as he talked to us along the way?" Let me say tonight, "What is going to open your eyes is the breaking of the bread?" While Peter had spare, whilst the bread was being broken forth, who was being revealed, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Brother, something happens when the word is broken forth. Something happens to a believer. You begin to catch something and you say, "Oh my, is this me that is being talked about?" Yes, it is you that we are talking about. Yes, it is you that we are identifying. Praise God in the highest tonight as the bread is being broken. Hallelujah. You can begin to have some stimulation of some revelation, brother. You can begin to have a bit of some wine. Praise the Lord. Uh exciting you and stimulating you. Can you say amen, somebody? Can you say amen somebody? Right now, right here, when you begin to feel something coming your way, it is the wine that is starting to excite you. It is the wine that is taking you to a familiar ground to say, "Hey, you are not a sober man. You are drunk with the Holy Ghost. You can't behave like a sober somebody." They say we act like we are crazy. Yeah. Because what we took is so much intoxicating. It can't keep us the same. And brother, sister, every time I come to church, I get another dose of exactly the same thing. I get another thought. And I'm here to give you another dose tonight. That when you walk out of this place, you are staggering out. Hallelujah. under the influence of what you have been partaking during the course of this meetings. Say amen, somebody tonight. Glory to God in the eyes. Hallelujah. Let let me move on here because I need to get something. The prophet of God says God's great mystery of how it's a secret. He kept it a secret. Nobody know nothing about it. Even the angels didn't understand it. He didn't reveal it. That's the reason and our seventh mystery when the seventh seal was opened there was silence. So I said he connects it with the seventh seal. Why is he connecting it with the seventh seal? Because the seventh seal is Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; The seventh seal is Jesus Christ. And he says beginning amen with Moses. He started to reveal himself. The prophet of God says it's the revealing. is revealing the seventh seal is perfectly mute and I only had time I'll try and a few places to show you all the way back from Genesis this seventh seal is spoke of &gt;&gt; so the seventh seal start from Genesis where does the seventh seal start from Genesis the prophet of God tells us hallelujah right there in the beginning when the Bible says in the beginning in the beginning is the same. John 1 verse one, in the beginning was the word. Genesis 1 verse one, in the beginning. So the one that is in John 1 is the one that is in Genesis 1. And who is it that is in John 1:1? He is the word. And who is the word? He is Jesus Christ. And who is Jesus Christ? He is the seventh seal. &gt;&gt; Are you with me, church? Then you move on down. He was the seventh city of refuge because there were seven six cities. He was the seventh measure that was in Ruth because there were six measures. He was the seventh husband to the woman in John chapter 4. You can see the seventh seal running through the entire Bible. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; But the prophet says, notice God has had a three-fold purpose in this great mystery secret. God in his great mystery secret that he heard before the world began he has got a three-fold purpose in it. The first thing God wanted to reveal himself to the people and the prophet preached in this message Christ is the mystery of God. He took the scripture of Colossians and that scripture says, "Wherefore I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which had been hid from ages from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Now we can begin to preach here. Now we can begin to preach here. Can you say amen, somebody? The Bible is now saying here, even the mystery which has been heed from all ages down through the ages which is now revealed, made known. Hallelujah. What is it? The glory of this mystery. And what is the glory of this mystery? Which is Christ in you. the hope of glory. So there's been a mystery that has been hidden down through the ages. But that mystery is now finished. Where is it finished? That mystery, it is finished in you and I which is Christ in you. The hope of glory. Can you say amen somebody? Can you say amen somebody? I said my title. It is the finished mystery. Hallelujah. that defines the restored bride. Now, let's begin to preach here. I'm saying tonight that the finished mystery, it is finished in you because this is what he has hidden down through the ages. He has been waiting for this moment. He has been waiting to come to this place where he can reveal himself to say the mystery that we have been talking about. The mystery that I've hidden down through the ages. It is the mystery of Christ coming inside of you to become the hope of glory. And let me tell you church, this is the zenith of God's intentions. When he came in flesh, one would have thought, "Oh my, what is greater than Jesus coming in flesh?" Because the Bible in John 1, amen, it says, "In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God, and the word was made flesh, and he dwelt amongst us." Now, you would have thought, what is greater than the God of heaven walking on two feet? What is greater than the God of heaven fellowshipping with his people? &gt;&gt; What is greater than the God of heaven visiting amen the people himself? But Christ said no that is not the zenith of my desire. He says, "Amen." Uh, in the book of Joan again here, he says, "But because I have said these things, you sorrow has filled your heart. Nevertheless, I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that I go away. For if I go not away, the comforter will not come into you." In other words, my coming in flesh is not the zenith of what I intended. The highest form is when I step down into the heart of a believer. The highest form it is when I come down amongst my own. The highest form is when I become part of them. The highest form is when the token hallelujah becomes a part of you. Can you say amen somebody? Can you say amen somebody? I'm saying tonight the highest form of Jesus Christ is when he comes inside of your life. Jesus on two feet again. You are here as the restored bride. And as the restored bride, you are here to finish everything. &gt;&gt; Therefore, as the restored bride, we can finish everything. &gt;&gt; Because here we now are in our ministry. &gt;&gt; The reason why he restored us is because he had a certain intention. He was aiming for something. He was trying to get something. Let me say to you tonight, God has had some unsettled scores with the devil. Right from the Garden of Eden, hallelujah, there were some unsettled scores. The devil came in the Garden of Eden and he caused Eve to sin. But in this final day in Satan's Eden, God says, "I'm going to show the old man devil. I'm going to rise a bride. I will restore, thus says the Lord. I will restore. Thus, says the Lord. And this bride that I'm picking up now, she will not fall. She's going to make it. She's not going to be defeated. Let me tell you, you are not going to be defeated. That disease is not going to defeat you. That problem is not going to defeat you. It's going to go. It's going to go. Whether he likes it or not, it's going to go. Your life is going to be a testimony. You are a restored bride. You are the mystery that we have been waiting for. You are the mystery that Christ has been relying on. And I'm saying to you tonight, these meetings cannot go the same. Something has got to change in your life. Something has got to change in your life. Things have got to be sorted out in your life. Something has got to change in your life. I don't care how long it is lingered for. I'm here to say all things are finished in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. The mystery of God is finished. &gt;&gt; And I'm saying to you tonight, we are living in the days to finish all things. We are here to finish all things. I don't care what it is. I don't care how long it has been for. It has got to be finished. Let me announce to you to say tonight your issue is going to be finished. Oh, give me your hand. Let us agree together. Before we leave this meetings, something has got to be finished. Something has got to be finished. I'm looking for a believer now. I'm looking for a believer now. Somebody that says, "Yes, I came to church with a burden. I came to church with something." Hey, hey, hey, that thing has got to be finished. You are not carrying it out of this church. It's going to stay right here. It's got to be finished. It's got to end. It's got to end. &gt;&gt; It's got to end. It's got to end. It cannot carry on. Something has got to stop. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? I don't care what it was. You have prayed for it for too long. I'm here to give you the answer. Your answer has come. It's over. It's over. It's over. You might as well stand up and start rejoicing. Thank God for saving you. Thank God for redeeming you. Thank God for changing your situation. It's over. It's over. Or you might as well wave goodbye and say goodbye, Satan. I stay no longer with you. You won't come to my house anymore. You are going back to your home to find the mystery of God has been finished. It's got to be finished. It is getting finished right in here. Who say that your problems is permanent? &gt;&gt; Who said it is a permanent problem? &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, if something has a beginning, &gt;&gt; it means it is not eternal. &gt;&gt; If you can identify where it started, You can identify where it ends. &gt;&gt; Did you hear what I said? If you can identify when it started, do you have a date where something started? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If you have a date, you have a date tonight where it is ending. &gt;&gt; And I'm saying we are ending it right now. We are ending it right now. We are ending it right now. Oh, let me rest as I preach. We are ending it right now. I don't care what it is. We are ending it right now. You might as well tell the old man devil, I'm ending it because I know it had a start date. And if it had a start date, it's got to be finished. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery of God shall be finished. &gt;&gt; When he died on the cross of Calvary, what did he say? He said, "It is It is. &gt;&gt; It is. Oh, shout it out. It is. &gt;&gt; It is. It's over. It's over. Receive your blessing. Receive your heart's desire. If you wanted a child, you can have a child. If you wanted a marriage, you can have a marriage. If you wanted a job, you can have a job. Whatever you wanted, it is fortaken. I'm giving you now an open check. Hey mama, your children are coming back. Your children are coming back. The devil took them away from you, but they are coming back. The devil is a liar. Sister Herty, I give you your children in the name of Jesus Christ. Receive them right now. Praise the Lord in the highest. It's okay. Auntie Jamaima, God has heard your prayer. God has heard your prayer. Your son is rising back up again. God stopped the plane again. The same God of Malachi 4, he's here tonight to solve your situation. Can you say amen, somebody? I'm saying tonight, we are not going to end the meetings until your problem is over. I'm looking for somebody that can really believe. &gt;&gt; Somebody that can say, "I believe." &gt;&gt; Brother, when Christ is inside of you, what can be against you? &gt;&gt; What can be against you? &gt;&gt; When the token is in you, Jesus Christ, the author of life, when he's inside of you, Christ in you, the hope of glory. The hope of glory. Somebody says, "Do you know what you're talking about, preacher man?" I know what I'm talking about. What is the hope of glory? Hallelujah. What is glory? Glory comes from the Hebrew word kabort, which is which means weight, but not figuratively. It is weightless in wonderful qualities such as might, beauty, goodness, honor, loaded with power and reputation. Glory speaks of splendor, magnificence, majestic, glorious, without blame, lacking nothing. So let me say to you, Christ in you, the hope of your splendor. Christ in you, the hope of something that is loaded with power and with reputation. Christ in you, the hope of magnificence, majestic, glorious. You are stepping out of these meetings to go and witness something that you have never witnessed before. Oh, how many receive it tonight? How many receive it tonight to say, "Brother, I'm walking out of this place never to experience what I've been experiencing up to now. I'm walking out of this this place to go and receive something that is completely new. You are the restored bride. The mystery was finished, &gt;&gt; but it's finished in you. &gt;&gt; Now Christ is relying on you &gt;&gt; to finish the mystery. &gt;&gt; He's relying in you to settle the unsettled scores of the book of Genesis of the Garden of Eden. Brother, that's why the prophet in the message Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He said the third fold of the three-fold purpose of God, what was it? Was to restore the kingdom &gt;&gt; back to its rightful place. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So the restoration of the kingdom, what does the kingdom come with? The kingdom comes with kingdom power, &gt;&gt; kingdom authority. When you sit upon the throne and when you sit upon the throne, you begin to rule and to pass decrees. You are acting like a king. Or tonight, as I'm about to close, I want you to exercise your kingship. I want you to think of a situation and I want you to pass a judgment. &gt;&gt; I'm giving you 30 seconds. I said I want you to think of a situation that is in your life and I want you to pass a judgment on it because when you sit upon the throne, Amen. the the the promise of revelations, amen, to the Lordian church age, he says, he that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne even as I also overcame and I'm set down with my father in his throne. Why do you sit on a throne? so that you can rule over rule over sickness. Rule over diseases, rule over situations, rule over work environments. Whilst you are in church, you are ruling what is going to happen tomorrow. Whilst you are in church, you are ruling the decision that is going to be made tomorrow by someone who is considering your case. &gt;&gt; Whilst you are in church, you are saying this is the way that it is going to be. I decree and I declare that this is what it's going to be. My children are coming back to me on such and such a date. Put a date to it and say before the end of this month, God is going to receive. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Receive it, my brother, in the name of Jesus Christ. Pass your decree tonight and say, "This is my decree." God bless you, Florida. This is my decree. I'm walking out of here to go and receive my blessing. Brother, when you walk out, Amen. after these meetings, you are stepping into something new. Can I speak to spirit and truth tabernacle? Can I speak to spirit and truth tabernacle? God has even showed it to you that this meetings is a turning point because after this, you are changing your camping grounds. You are changing your church. Can you say amen? You are changing your place of meeting. is in that God confirming the word that something new is beginning to unfold. Say amen. Spirit and truth. Say amen. Spirit and children, we say amen together with you. Things are changing. Who said your life will remain the same? No, it cannot remain the same. Something has got to change. Something has got to be transformed. If it can happen to the church, it can happen in your house. If it can happen to the church, it can happen with your daughter. If it can happen to the church, it can happen at your place of work. If it can happen in church, it can happen in every facet of your life. Only do you believe it. Only do you believe it? Believer, believe. Believer, believe. Walk out of this place ready to receive. God bless you tonight. God bless you tonight. walk out of this place ready to embrace. Oh, it's changing. It's changing. It's being restored somewhere because we have spoken about it. It is coming your way. Uh the blessings are coming your way. Uh as I am finishing off right here, I want you to take time to start thanking God for what is coming your way. You have not yet handled it, but you know it is coming. So start to thank him right now. Start to worship him right now. Oh, start to worship him right now, brother. Thank him for what is coming your way. You don't have to wait to see what is coming your way. Just know that it is coming your way because you have attended the meetings. Brother, when you start thanking God for what he has not yet manifested, that gets God excited. Uh and he says to the angels, "Have you seen my daughter the way she's thanking me by revelation? Have you seen my son? Uh the way he's thanking me by revelation. Uh oh. Come on church. Uh that's not enough praise to my God. Uh that's not enough worship to my God. Uh just acknowledge him tonight. Uh worthy, worthy, worthy. Worthy is the lamb of God. Uh worthy is the king of kings. Uh worthy, worthy, worthy. Oh, give him some shout. Give him some hallelujah. Give him some praise the Lord. We worship you. We worship you. We worship you. You are the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. As the musicians come forward. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As I invite brother Jack to come forward, &gt;&gt; if you lost something, receive it tonight. Restoration back. Everything coming back. You are a candidate for restoration. I believe it tonight. Yes. Receive it tonight. Tonight was your night. The devil is a liar. He has lost the battle. We are dislodging him right now. We are dislodging that devil right now. It is over in the name of Jesus Christ. Receive your blessing. Glory. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In this atmosphere, why don't you lift up your voice as we just pray? Oh, hallelujah. Jesus is in the place. The power of the living God is in this place touching somebody. Pass me not. Oh gentle savior, hear my humble cry. Whilst on others thou art calling, please don't pass me by. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Father, we thank you tonight, oh God. Father, you send unto us the word. And father when that word came unto us oh God father you reveal to us Lord the great mysteries that were hidden down through the ages but father you have heard this great mystery secret that Lord Father you have kept as a secret down through the ages but Lord Father laid in the pages of the Bible which is Christ in us the hope of glory father you stepped into us in the fullness of your word and father when you stepped stepped into us in the fullness of your word and in the fullness of the Holy Ghost the token inside of the hearts of the believers. Oh great Jehovah Father then uh it unlocks in us uh oh God uh the glory that you have for thank you Lord Jesus Christ father for we see you are moving amongst us I'm committing your children into your hands thank you for the sacrifice that they have put Lord Father into these meetings thank you Lord Father for them that traveled from fire and from wide Lord I pray that you can restore whatever has been taken out. Oh great Jehovah may this that they have received throughout the entire meetings. Oh God father be spiritual food that will usher them Lord into something that they've never seen before. A blessing that can come their way in recognition of a sacrifice father that they did. I pray Lord Father God almighty for our pastor here brother Jake Daf. I pray for his wife Lord his family. Father, thou knowest the burdens that are upon their hearts, their desires, oh God. Lord, we are committing them before you. I pray, Lord, Father, for the officers of the church, Lord, as they stand, uh, Father, lifting up, oh God, uh, the hands of the men of God, Father, may you grant to them, Lord, Father, the blessings that they desire, oh God, uh, the pastors that left their own churches to come, Lord, Father God, to be part and parcel of these meetings, Lord. Oh God uh you said behold uh how pleasant Lord it is. Uh when brethren dwell together in unity Lord for what they have done uh pour out a special blessing uh father even upon their lives uh meet with them oh God uh at their points of need uh every church uh that has participated uh Lord we send a blessing their way in Jesus Christ's name. Father, as we come to the end of these meetings, I just commit all things to you in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus. And all the church shall say, "Amen and amen." God bless you, saints. Take me in to the host of holies. Take me in. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me in. Take me in to the holy to the holy. &gt;&gt; Oh, take the call. Take the &gt;&gt; let my lips glad smil. &gt;&gt; Here I am. Here I am. Oh, take me and take me. Oh, oh, take me. Take me by the blood of the lamb. Take me to the holier of holies. Oh, take the take. &gt;&gt; Where's my lips? My lips. &gt;&gt; Oh, here I am. One more time. Let's say take me. Take me to the holy &gt;&gt; to the of holies. the holy. &gt;&gt; Take me in. Take me &gt;&gt; by the blood. &gt;&gt; By the blood. &gt;&gt; Oh, take me in. Take me to the holy holy Take the call. &gt;&gt; Cleanse my lips. Oh, here I am. Oh, let's say in the out of court. In the out of court. I'm just the Oh, where the holyless where the holies of holies is the Holy Ghost himself, the mighty Jehovah. I'm a prisoner. I'm a prisoner of love. Lord, help me. Lord, help me see. Oh, Christ in me. Oh, yes. The captain of life. Take me to the holy. Oh. Oh. Yes. Take me out by the blood. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Off the heaven. Yes. Take me up. Take me to the holy of holies. Oh, take the cold. &gt;&gt; Cleanse my lips. &gt;&gt; Here I am. Here I am. One last time. Take the cup. Take the cup. Cleanse my lips. Here I am. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. We're going to sing. In the name of Jesus, we have won the victory. Right. Let's hear those clap to the Lord tonight. Oh, let's say in the name and in the name of Jesus we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Satan. Oh, tell me who can send it when we call on that great. We have in the name. Oh yes, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. in the city. You have tell me who can stand before us when we fall on thy great name. Oh &gt;&gt; Jesus, Jesus precious Jesus. Oh, let's say we bring we bring we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house. &gt;&gt; Oh, we bring up sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we are to you as our praise. And we offer up sacrifice. Oh. Oh. Magnify the Lord. I say for he is worthy to be praised. In his magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. Blessed be rock. Blessed Peter. &gt;&gt; Blessed Peter. &gt;&gt; Bless come and magnify the Lord. Oh yeah. For he is worth to be praised. &gt;&gt; Oh, come let's magnify the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh for he for he for he is worthy. Oh, let's say bless the beless of my salvation. Oh yes. Blessed Peter. Blessed Peter. Come on, put your hands together. Come on, put your hands together. Come on. I woke up this morning. I didn't have no time. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. I got down on my knees. said to Lord help me please. I got to scream and shouting victory. Oh victory is mine. Victory is mine. The victory today is mine. I told Satan behind the victory today my joy joy joy is joy joy today is joy today yours hallelujah can't leave behind joy today the holy ghost is Tonight, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I told Satan be Holy Ghost today. Oh, victory. Victory is mine. Victoria, victory. Victory today is mine. I told thee behind your Satan. I told Satan I know it get thee behind me. Come on say I get thee to go. I sat. I sat behind me. I sat behind. Come on. I took your motion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come one more time. I get behind the victory today. Somebody praise him. Come on. Oh, what a mighty God. What a mighty God. He what a mighty God. Oh, let's say angel angels angel heaven and earth adore him. Do we have some Haitian at home tonight? Oh, I like your We going to sing it one more time. I like you escape from you. What a mighty God. &gt;&gt; What a mighty God. We serve what a mighty God to angels every day. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, yeah. My God is awesome. He can move the keep me in the me from &gt;&gt; me from the rest. &gt;&gt; Say my God is awesome. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Use me when I'm broken. &gt;&gt; Oh, strength and weak. &gt;&gt; He came forever. &gt;&gt; Can we just say that verse again? Come on, somebody say my God. My God is all. He can move. He can move a mountain. &gt;&gt; And the valley from the rain. &gt;&gt; I mean from the rain, awome broken. Now, I need every believer in the room to raise your voice right here. We're going up. Come on. My God, &gt;&gt; my God is I want to hear you say awesome. &gt;&gt; Come on, say it again. Awesome. My God is &gt;&gt; Come on. Come on. Awesome. He's awesome. He's awesome. He's awesome. He's awesome. Awesome. Come on. Somebody raise it up. Say, he's awesome. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. He's also a soome. My healer, my healer, my healer, my healer, the Lord Jesus. Let's say our Lord. Let's say provider, provider, provider. provided the Lord. Hallelujah. Say protector protector. &gt;&gt; Protector protector. &gt;&gt; He looks after protector. &gt;&gt; You look after my healer. Healer, &gt;&gt; provider, &gt;&gt; provider, &gt;&gt; healer, &gt;&gt; healer, &gt;&gt; lawyer, glories. Hallelujah. I say one more time. I say the bless will never lose power. Come on. Let's say the Lord &gt;&gt; you never &gt;&gt; you never lose power. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Jehovah knew my knees. You're my childh. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah n Jehovah Gyra. He provides for me. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. I won't I won't go back. I came back to the way you used to be before you came. How many of you want to say this? You won't go back to my lesson. I won't I won't go back. I won't go to the way you came and changed me. I've been changed. Anybody been changed in the room tonight? &gt;&gt; Anybody been healed from something? &gt;&gt; Tell that man to leave you alone. &gt;&gt; Delivery. &gt;&gt; You going to sleep good tonight. You going to sleep good. &gt;&gt; Don't worry about your past. You got favor right now is the car. I've been changed. &gt;&gt; I've been changed. &gt;&gt; I've been changed. &gt;&gt; I have waited. I am ready for this moment to let it pass. Somebody say I won't &gt;&gt; I won't go &gt;&gt; I won't go &gt;&gt; to the way you stand before your presence came and chang somebody shout we going to say I &gt;&gt; can't go on the way used to be before your presence came and changed Never going back. &gt;&gt; Never going back. No, never going back to the way he was. Never going back. No, never going back. Never going back to the way he do it again. Come on. Say going back. You're never ever going back. No, never ever going back to the way he was. &gt;&gt; Come on, tell the never going back. I am going to the way he was. To the way he was. To the way he was. &gt;&gt; To the way he was. &gt;&gt; To the way. &gt;&gt; To the way he was. &gt;&gt; I won't go back. I can't go back to the ways to be before your presence came and changed me. &gt;&gt; One more time. Say, I won't go back. &gt;&gt; I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. Yeah. Oh, see there's no one there's no one like Jesus. No one no one like him. Come on. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. Everybody go say there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. They say I ran around all over. I search around all over. I say action up down all over. There's no one. There's no one who just got Oh. I either Lord like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one. Oh, there's no one. There's no one. There's no one like you. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one like you can say. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Say you are good. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You are good. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. So long by long-ear Goodbye to my soul. &gt;&gt; So long. &gt;&gt; So long. &gt;&gt; So long. &gt;&gt; Hey. So long. &gt;&gt; I can't hear you say bye-bye. &gt;&gt; I can't hear you say &gt;&gt; bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Goodbye to depression. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Goodbye fear. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; You ain't welcome here. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Goodbye fear. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; You ain't welcome here. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Telling goodbye. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Back pain. &gt;&gt; Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; Arthritis. Father precious. &gt;&gt; So long. So long. Father. Goodbye to my pain and my sorrow. to my long so long. Too long. Too long. Goodbye to my Jehovah, you are the most high. &gt;&gt; Jehovah, &gt;&gt; you are the most high God. &gt;&gt; Jehovah, you are the most high. Jehovah, &gt;&gt; you are the most high God. Jehovah, &gt;&gt; you are the most high. You are the most high God. over. &gt;&gt; You are the most high. You are the most high. &gt;&gt; Oh, you are. You are good in your mercy forever. Hallelujah. You are good. You are good in your mercy forever. Hallelujah. You are good. You are good in your mercy forever. Hallelujah. Oh, you are the most high. You are the most high. Jehovah, you are the most high. Jehovah, you are the most high. Jehovah, you are the Come on, let's go. Behold the light. Behold the high. Behold the whole question. Say who has the final say has the final say. Oh, say who has the final say? &gt;&gt; Jehovah has the final say. &gt;&gt; Oh, who has the final say? Jehovah has the final say. &gt;&gt; Who has the final say? &gt;&gt; Jehovah has the final. &gt;&gt; Well, he has turned my life around. He has turned my life around. He makes a way to come on. &gt;&gt; Do it again. Say he has turned my life around. &gt;&gt; He makes a way. There is no way to find Jehovah. Jehovah. Jehovah. Come on and dance and dance a freak. Come on. Dance and dance free. Come on. All around. All around. Everywhere I look, your love is. Come on. All around. All around. All around. &gt;&gt; Do it again. Come on. To all around. &gt;&gt; All around. Everywhere I look is all around. &gt;&gt; All around. &gt;&gt; All around. All around. Everywhere I look. Your love is all around. I'm trading my sorrow. Yes, sir. Come on. I'm trading my faith. Yeah. I'm laying it down for the joy of the Lord. I'm trading my sickness. I'm trading my shame. I'm laying it down for the joy of the Lord. Can we say yes? Come on. Say yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes. Yes, Lord. Amen. Yes. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Come on, say yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, Lord. Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, Lord. Lord, yes, Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; One more time. One more time. Say, &gt;&gt; "Yes, Lord." Yes, Lord. Yes. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Come on, put those hands together. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom. No more shackles, no more chains, no more bondage. I am free. Come on. No more shackles. No more shackles. No more shore. Oh, I am free. &gt;&gt; Y'all go to the next part. If you believe, say it with me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on and shout. Free free. Oh, you believe you. I am free to run. I am free to run. I am free. Today &gt;&gt; I am free. Today &gt;&gt; I am free to live for you. &gt;&gt; I am free to live for you. &gt;&gt; I am free. I am free. I am free. I am free. I am free to run. I am free to run. I am free today. I am free to live. I am free to live for you. I am free to live for you. I am free. I am free. I am free. Cuz I am free. Everybody say free. Freom. Freom. Freedom. Freedom. Glory. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Salvation and glory. Honor and power unto the Lord our God. &gt;&gt; You know what? Help us sing. For the Lord our God. For the Lord our God, God is mighty. Yes, the Lord our God is omnipotent and the Lord our God. &gt;&gt; He is &gt;&gt; He is one. &gt;&gt; Can we say that again? Can we say that again? &gt;&gt; Oh, shout hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Salvation and glory, honor, and power &gt;&gt; unto the Lord our God. &gt;&gt; The Lord our God. &gt;&gt; For the Lord our God is mighty. Yes. The Lord our God and the Lord our God is &gt;&gt; Come on now. Come on now. Jo. Come on. Come on. One more time. I say to the king of Lord at Come on those praise. Hey, hey, hey, hey. He is wonderful. Come on, somebody. Let's do it again. Come on, J right here. Hey, hey, hey. He is a tennis. What a tennis. What a tennis. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Salvation and glory. &gt;&gt; I see you. I see you. &gt;&gt; Honor and power. &gt;&gt; He is wonderful. &gt;&gt; What about that? What about that? Let's say hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Salvation and glory, honor and power. He is one. &gt;&gt; Everybody, everybody find your parts. Hallelujah. Salvation and glory. Honor and power is here. Hallelujah. Salvation is salvation. Honor &gt;&gt; without the music. Without the music. Without the music. Come on. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hey. Hey. Come on. &gt;&gt; Hey. He is one. &gt;&gt; One more time. Put the brothers out. Let's say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on. I can't wait till we get to heaven. Hey, he is wonderful. He is wonderful. He is wonderful. Give the Lord a shout of praise in this room tonight. Do you believe God is wonderful tonight? Will you put your voice together? Give the Lord a shout of praise. He is wonderful. Glory. Praise the Lord. I I got to change a couple things. Um, okay. Now, I I I got to do this. I got to change this. I'm sorry to have to change this, but I told y'all July 27th was a very special day. We got We got so many birthdays. Brother Shama, Brother Joseph, Brother Armstrong, and my nephew is in the house. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Brother, &gt;&gt; Caleb Wesco. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to sing happy birthday to my nephew, brother Caleb Wesco. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, brother. Happy brother. Happy birthday to you. Hey, hey, hey. &gt;&gt; Come on, brother Jack. Hey, Caleb. This was for you. Come on. Do I have any sopranos out there? I said, do I have any sopranos out there? Come on. Sing. Come on, soprano. Where my outs at? Out to come on out to say where the tunes. Where the tunes? Where the tunes? Where the everybody? You really here we go. Here we go. I believe in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; He's the giver of our life. &gt;&gt; From heaven, he came down. Oh, what a joy I found. Know you were not there and we don't know it. But the Lord said for me victory. Come on. I'm a believer. Are you a believer? Give me that first verse. The first verse. His name Jesus Christ. He's the giver of all life. From heaven, he came down. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Oh, what a joy I found. Know your words out there. You don't know where to where. what the Lord's done for me. You see, he gave me the victory and I'm a believer. Are you a believer? I'm a believer. I believe the word is true. It was sent to me and you. It was promised to Malachi. Now the evil enlightenment. He came to show the way to bring us back to truth today. The mysteries being revealed. And now my soul has been sealed. And I'm a believer. I wrote back by the way. I'm a believer. Yeah. Oh yes. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Lord, I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Say, I love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Everybody say, Lord, I love you, Lord. I love you. I love you, love you, Jesus. Come on, say it like you mean it. Come on. Come on. I love you, Lord. I love you. You said I appreciate you. Keep on. I keep on looking. I don't What's up? I love you, Lord. Anybody ask you? Come on. Where I'm going? Where are you going? where I'm going to. Come on. Yeah. I'm going through the rapture. &gt;&gt; Going to the rapture. &gt;&gt; Going through the rapture. &gt;&gt; Going to the rapture. &gt;&gt; Going through the rapture. Could be weak. Oh, I'm going to the rap. Going to the rapture. Going to the rap. Going to the rap to be with my Lord. One more time. Oh, anybody ask you? Anybody ask you where I'm going? Where I'm going? Where I'm going to I'm going to the rapture. Going in rapture. Going to the rap. Going in the rapture. &gt;&gt; Going to the rapture to be with my Lord. Oh, going in the rapture. &gt;&gt; Going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. Going in the rapture. &gt;&gt; I'm going to see Jesus in one. Going up yonder. Going up yonder. Going up yonder. &gt;&gt; I'm going up yonder. &gt;&gt; Going up yonder. &gt;&gt; I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. &gt;&gt; One more time. Everybody say going up yonder. &gt;&gt; Going up yonder. &gt;&gt; Going to leave this world. Going up yonder. It won't be long to be with my Lord. El I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going going going up going up y to be with my going up yonder. Going up. &gt;&gt; Going up yonder. &gt;&gt; Going up yonder. &gt;&gt; Going up. Going up. Going up to be with my one. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going up to be with my Lord. I'm going up. &gt;&gt; I'm going up to the rapture. &gt;&gt; I'm going up to the rapture. &gt;&gt; I'm going up the rapture. I'm going up to the rapture to be with my go. &gt;&gt; I'm going. I'm going. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm so glad so it don't last always. Come on. Somebody say it. Come on. Say, "I'm so glad." Say, "Trouble don't last." &gt;&gt; Come on, say it again. I'm so glad. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad. Trouble don't last. &gt;&gt; Trouble don't last. &gt;&gt; May not come when you want to, &gt;&gt; but but he's on time. But he's on. &gt;&gt; And times of trouble bound him to be a friend of mine. &gt;&gt; A friend of mine. In the storm clouds of life, I know he'll be there. &gt;&gt; He'll be there. &gt;&gt; All of your burdens, you can take them to the Lord. in prayer. &gt;&gt; in prayer. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad. I'm so glad. &gt;&gt; Trouble don't last. &gt;&gt; Trouble don't last. &gt;&gt; One more time. Say I'm so glad. &gt;&gt; Trouble don't last. &gt;&gt; Trouble don't last away. Yeah. How many just enjoying the presence of the Lord? Praise the name of Jesus. Let's say thank God for the word tonight. Let's give God praise for how he spoke to our hearts. I told brother Gwena, I'll never look at Revelation 10:7. The same when you look at uh the seventh angel was to come to reveal the mystery of God. That single mystery was us. It was us. We are the mystery. We are the mystery. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. We are the mystery of Christ revealed. The bride is the mystery. We thank God for all that has happened here this weekend. Thank you all for your support. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I am sung out. I got no more voice but I rather give my voice to Jesus any day. Rather than be losing my voice in some club, I you I I use it in the house of God. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I appreciate these brothers that y'all have done a wonderful job leading us in worship. &gt;&gt; Brother Solomon, Brother Elijah, Brother Eli, Brother Joe. We have Brother Larry. Amen. Just thank y'all so much for all that you've done, the musicians, everything. It's just been a wonderful, wonderful weekend. I want to Word of prayer. We will prepare to dismiss you. You don't have to leave here. We have the uh grounds until 1:00 this morning. So, if you want to fellowship for a little bit, feel free to do so. Uh what I will say, Amen. If the brothers, they're going to sing maybe a song or two. What I will say is uh we have a team that came uh they brought all their equipment, all their sound equipment and video equipment and uh and we we appreciate them. But I will tell you something. I'll tell you something. They looking at us. They saying, "When y'all going to be done?" Because they got to break down all this equipment and take it home tonight. So we don't want to prolong the time. We want to give them ample opportunity to do what they need to. We thank God for them coming to help us out uh this weekend. Praise the Lord. Let us have a word of prayer. Father, we thank you God for all that you did. Lord, thank you for how you use these ministers to speak to our hearts on the subject, the theme of restoration. See how all the sermons just dovetail one with the other. And I believe, oh God, that restoration truly has happened this weekend. lives of believers. Father, we ask that you would bless us as we prepare to leave this place, but not your presence. We'll have something we can fellowship around for eternity. Lord, we pray your blessings upon each minister, their families that God, you would just go with them as they Lord would go their respective ways. Thank you for them coming. Thank you for all the churches that gathered Lord to make these meetings what they were. Some of the saints have come from far and come from near. God, we're grateful for all that you've done. We trust, Lord, that you would keep us until we can meet again. If we don't meet on this side, we look forward to meeting together in that great getting up morning. I pray God that you would just uh uh minister to every heart. Even as we leave this place, may healings continue to take place, deliverance continue to take place, restoration continue to take place. It's in the mighty name of Jesus that we pray. Amen. Amen. All things are working for my good. He's intentional. Never failing. All things are working for my &gt;&gt; He's intentional. &gt;&gt; Everything ever failing. &gt;&gt; All things are working for higher. &gt;&gt; He's intentional. &gt;&gt; He's intentional. &gt;&gt; Never failing, &gt;&gt; never failing. All things working for my good cuz he's intentional. &gt;&gt; I don't have to worry cuz I don't have to worry cuz it's working for me. It's working for me. It's working for me. I don't have to worry. I don't have to worry. It's working. is working for me. &gt;&gt; I believe it's working for you. &gt;&gt; I believe it's working for me. Come on. Say it again. I don't have to worry. &gt;&gt; I don't have to worry. It's working for me. I seen it in my own eyes. I seen it with my own eyes. I don't have to worry cuz I don't have to worry. &gt;&gt; It's working me. is working. It's working for me. It's working for me. Why you move mountains are working to fall with your power performing miracles. There is nothing that's impossible. That's impossible. standing here. Oh, because you move mountain. You cause too far. Your power with your power. There is nothing that's impossible. And we're standing here only because you standing here. &gt;&gt; And we're standing here only because you made you made a way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I say to you, you made a way. &gt;&gt; When a bachelor gets to and it looked as if it was over, you made a way &gt;&gt; and we're standing here &gt;&gt; and we're standing here only because you move mountains. Hey. Hey, you call to support with your power. &gt;&gt; Perform miracles. &gt;&gt; There is nothing. &gt;&gt; There is nothing. &gt;&gt; That's impossible. &gt;&gt; It's impossible. Yet we're standing only because you and we're
