################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - The Matching Piece - Bro Willie Smiley (05-04-2025) - Willie Smiley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    The Matching Piece - Bro Willie Smiley (05-04-2025)
Speaker:  Willie Smiley
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky5IIyGEAB4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. Don't give up. Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. He's aable. Praise the [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. All may have your seats just now. Uh we don't have any written requests. Amen. But we want to keep Sister Dixon in prayer. Amen. Amen. Continue to She's probably listening in this morning. Sister Dixon, we're praying for you. We're believing with you. Amen. We know the Lord has a full recovery for you. We want to ask the same thing for Brother Jean. We had a privilege of going over to praying with him. And it it was just a blessing to hear him talk. He's a fighter. Oh yes. Brother Jean is a fighter. Amen. He said like Job, I did not sin. Amen. He had something he was standing on. He knew it was a test and not something that that he caused. Amen. So, we want to keep him in prayer. We want to keep Brother Willy's mother in prayer. Amen. Keep Brother Willie in prayer this morning as he prepares to bring the word. We want to thank the Lord for bringing Brother Jack and sister Erica back. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. May I have the announcements? Well, praise the Lord. On Tuesday, be brother Jose Elas Rammon. It'll be his birthday. Oh, y'all like that, huh? Praise the Lord. I didn't even practice. Amen. We have service Wednesday night at 7:30. We'll continue to stream via Facebook at SAT Tabernacle and the church's website, john423.org. We have sisters virtual prayer Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. And then for our upcoming youth uh youth outing at Altitude Trampoline Park, Saturday, May 10th at 12:00 p.m. Amen. So, we expect to see all the young people out there. Our special guest speaker coming up on May 18th will be Brother George Smith and also we have our um uh Memorial Day picnic for the church. uh May 26 at Havill Park at 11 a.m. Anybody that hasn't seen Sister Tina, please see her direct directly after the service. Amen. Jesus Christ Tabernacle Youth and Family Camp is coming up June 5th through the 8th. Registration ends this Thursday, May 8th. You can go to jctcamp.com in order to register. Uh, South Florida choir rehearsal starts May will be May 17th, May 31st, June 14th, June 28th, June 5th, June 12th at Bride of Christ Tabernacle in Boon Beach. It'll be at 6:00 p.m. Amen. And then we have our upcoming meetings coming up. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. It'll be June 25th through the 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School. I'm sorry about that. July July 25th through July 27th. Amen. Praise the Lord. We have three ways of giving online. For those in sanctuary, there's a wooden box in the back. You can drop your giving in there. Online, we prefer that you use Zale. Zel has no fee. The other two, they have fees, but the email address you would use for Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. For cash app, it's dollar sign spirit and truth t. For those who desire to mail in your given Spirit and Truth, Tabernacle, PO, Box 222,462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for the grace that you have provided us all, Lord. We thank you for being clothed in our right mind this morning, Lord. Having a mind, Lord, to serve you, to be in the house of the God of God, to draw closer to you, Lord, to be more like you, to have a desire for more of you. We're all expecting a refilling of the Holy Ghost this morning, Lord Jesus. So just shower down upon us, Father. We no doubt, Lord, Sister Dixon, Lord, she would like to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Father, we just pray that you go to where she is. And may you give her a fresh anointing this morning, Lord. Oh, Father, may you just bathe her in your presence, Lord Jesus. And may your goodness and love, Lord, just just cover and let her know that she's loved, Father God. And father, give her a complete recovery. We long to see her in the house of of the Lord, worshiping Lord Jesus, showing us young people how to worship the Lord. Lord, and brother and sister Capers, Lord Jesus, they're not here this morning. We just pray that you would do the same for them, Lord. Bless them where they are. And and Brother Jean in the hospital room, Father, to see his faith in action, Lord. Jesus was truly a blessing, Lord. But father, we just pray that you reward reward his faith, Lord, and bless him. Give him a complete recovery, Lord. We expect to see him in the meetings, Lord Jesus, having a good time serving you and worship him, Father God. Brother Willy's mother, Lord Jesus, she needs that touch. Father God, we're so grateful, Lord Jesus, for her life and the son that she has produced. Lord Jesus, he has been a blessing and no doubt this morning will be a blessing to us. So, Father, bless his mother, Lord Jesus. bless him and anoint him aresh. Oh father, may the same anointing that's on us right now be upon him that we may be in one one accord Lord Jesus that you may have free course in this service Lord. Almighty God you are the Lord that we love and serve. Father we commit this portion our giving to you Lord. Father according to your word. Thank you Lord Jesus. It's a privilege Lord to give to you. It's a privilege to give Lord God to the kingdom of God Lord. now blessed Lord and may it be used for the upbuilding of the kingdom Lord God. May it do mighty works Lord for this congregation and for those on the mission fields Lord. You know how Lord God your economy Lord here upon the earth. It works Lord. We have to do our part Lord Jesus and we have done so Lord and there are promises associated with it. Have your way. Meet every expectation of your people this morning. This we ask in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Shereice, will you come? [Applause] God bless you. Jesus. [Music] There aren't even words to describe just how great you are. In all your [Music] majesty, you continually provide for me. There just isn't any that you can [Music] do. Lord, I've seen your work before. Oh, I'll trust you all the more because you are you are the staring God and you're bigger than all. All my problems in every situation. There is nothing for the sovereign God. Sovereign God. A wave of your hand can command the seas to hold their peace. If you can handle the seas, then I'll know that you can deal with all my needs. So I will put every [Music] situation into your capable hands. I don't have to know the plan to know that you are your God and you're bigger than all my problems. In every [Music] [Applause] situ Oh, for he is aable to do exceedingly upon above we ask for thee. So take all your burdens and lay them at his feet and watch to meet your needs. You have the victory because you are your sovereign God and your figures. All of our problems there is there is there's nothing to hide. Oh God, sovereign God, you are. You are. You are. You're sovereign God. And you're bigger than all. All of my problems in every situation there is there's nothing to hide. Oh this God. Oh sovereign God. You are You are the sun bringing God and you're bigger than all of my problems. In every situation there is there is nothing to hide. Oh, this sovereign God. Sovereign God. Oh, this sovereign God. You're the sovereign. Oh, for you are the sovereign God. [Music] You're bigger than all my problems. In every situation, I know there is nothing for the suffering. God, you're so sovereign for the sovereign God. Sovereign God for the sovereign God. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's nothing too hard for our God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are the God. [Music] Bigger than all my problems in every situation. There is nothing to harm for the sorrowing God. Sovereign God. Say it again. You are the sovereign God. Bigger, bigger than all. In every situation there is nothing to harm for this for the sovereign God say for the song God for the [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Somebody give God praise. Nothing too hard for the sovereign [Music] God. Thank you Jesus. Blessed be your holy name father. My God. My God. Amen. Amen. Amen. My Jesus. I was reminded as the song was going forth of the story there in the scripture. Sarah and Abraham had not conceived a child in all their years of marriage. Uh but they got a visitation one day from Almighty God. Sarah was found laughing in the tent. Um the question was asked, "Is there anything too hard for the Lord?" You know, and and and when I read scripture, I don't recall Abraham or Sarah giving an answer to God's question. And sometimes God don't need your answer because he going to do what he said he going to do. Whether you doubt it or or not, God going to do what he said he going to do. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. My God. My God. But as the children of Abraham, we can answer the question this morning. There is nothing too hard for our God. Come on, give the Lord a hand of praise. Oh my. Turn around and encourage somebody. Say, "There's nothing too hard for the Lord." There's nothing too hard for the Lord. Oh my. I don't care what you're going through. There's nothing too hard for the Lord. Nothing too hard for the Lord. My Hallelujah. Y'all be seated just for a moment. Amen. Amen. nothing too hard for the Lord. You know, it it's important to go to church. Um, you know, sometimes you go through things throughout the week and and uh and when you get here, uh, you know, you're going to get a word from the Lord. You know that. But sometimes uh songs that are selected, whether it's through song service or whether it's through a special uh the song that the Lord lays in somebody's heart is a song that just kind of pulls you to the next level. Amen. Of your praise, right? And and it's just something you're like, Lord, I'm leaving here encouraged. I'm leaving here strengthened. I I'm leaving here knowing that ain't nothing too hard for you. And as you go through the next week, you got something to carry you. Amen. You can ride the wings of a song. You can ride the wings of a word until it brings you right into the manifestation of your promise. Hallelujah. I say there is nothing too hard for the Lord. Now, now, now you see Satan to tell you that's too hard. Well, Satan, I ain't serving you. I serve a God that's bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my troubles, a God that's able to calm every storm in my life. Hallelujah. That's the God that I serve. My God. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. My my Oh, hallelujah. Amen. God bless you, Sister Shereice. Amen. For bringing that forth this morning. Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh my. Oh my my my my praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um, as brother Solomon was mentioned, we had the opportunity last week to go and visit uh, brother um, Jean in the hospital. And I just um, my wife asked me said, "How come you didn't ask the brothers to go with you to visit Brother J?" I said, "All right, okay, let me do that." Put out a text. about four of the brothers met me there at the hospital and um and while we were there and his brother saw him said, "Brother Jean, my God, the man was in his bed, but the way he was talking, I felt like brother Wesco was talking to me. I felt like brother Wesco was talking to me." That man say the devil's a liar and and he ain't going to get no victory here. He tried. say, "But that devil's defeated." I said, "My God, he encouraging us." But we, it just so we had it, we had uh Brother Solomon and Brother Maris and uh Brother Troy and Brother Jerry uh join us. So I said, "Well, we'll let the song leaders go in and sing a few songs, then let the preachers come in and pray over him and and uh and we just just ministered to him in that way." And you know, while we were there, uh, at the hospital, uh, Brother Troy, uh, mentioned, uh, I want to say about a month ago about a a friend of his, old friend of his that had a motorcycle accident. And, uh, he was still there at the hospital, you know, waiting to be released to go home. And he was on death's door. Uh, but God brought him back and it's brought him given him another chance. He he lost a leg in this accident, but nonetheless, he still has life. And um praise the Lord. So we just joined brother Troy and went in there uh into the room with him and he said, "Man, I had all the guys from the the motorcycle club come up here and they turned them all away. They wouldn't let them through, but they let all of us through. So we got in and we just talking to him and you know just encouraging him a little bit there and just tell him say you know you got purpose that's the reason you still here cuz he had two accidents this year already and I said God got a purpose for you being here and I said it's time for you to seek God regarding that purpose that he has for you. And uh and and and I I looked at him I said I just feel to say to you your best days are ahead of you not not behind you. best days are in front of you. And uh we're just trusting that the Lord would just anchor that into his spirit and uh cause him to catch faith and and and believe that this will be a turning point. Amen. For for for him in his life. And uh but we were grateful for the opportunity just to kind of go. And I just heard a sermon my brother my son-in-law had preached on witnessing 101. And uh he just preached that uh last I think last Sunday. And I'm like, well, I don't never heard it like that. But yeah, we all need to take advantage of the opportunities we have to share Christ with somebody else. So I I say I I had to put that in action, witnessing 101. So So we thank God for a successful visit uh to the hospital. Amen. We we thank God for that. Praise the Lord. Um I also just want to make mention I I I got when we had not made an announcement, but I think it'll be good. Uh, I understand they're trying to do a fellowship for the sisters. Amen. Here in the church, a fellowship for the sisters. And and I know that there's some information been passed around. I want to encourage our sisters. Y'all get connected. Amen. This how we keep the devil out of our midst. Amen. We go out of our way and we fellowship one with the other. Amen. I think uh brother brother uh Quinton was kind of talking about that how we have to have unity in the body. Amen. Those not just words just kind of go in one ear and out the other but really we need to look for opportunities that we can get together and fellowship. And I think they want to have everybody go to some type of salt room. Yeah. Salt room. Sisters just sit there and get salt. But [Music] Amen. The sisters say it's nice. They say they enjoy it. I think y'all enjoy yourself. And and you if you want that say, "I don't like salt." Well, just go for the fellowship. Amen. Just go for the fellowship. You got you got to like your other sisters, especially if you plan on going to heaven. Amen. So, listen. Let's encourage one another. Amen. Let's go and be a part of the fellowship. Amen. I think that's very, very important. Amen. for the body of Christ. And and and and uh I know that sometimes they tell me cuz I put a service in just about everywhere. We can do a service here. We can do a service there. We can do service. But I they they need other things outside of service to be able to connect on. Here's an opportunity. Here's an opportunity. Amen. The salt suite. Amen. With the Sisters of Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. And I like that brother uh Maris SAT. Sopranos, altos, and tennis. Man, that's all right. We'll be using that. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. We're so happy to be in the house of the Lord. And uh we my sister Eric and I just got away for a few days for our uh anniversary. The Lord has blessed us to see 32 years. Amen. Together. So, we are very very grateful. Amen. God has been good. And as we were just sitting there reminiscing like where did the time go? And and then on top of that, we we just didn't know that this would be our journey that that God has given us. Amen. But we're grateful for what he's done. Amen. For us, what he does through us, and what he does to us. Amen. He's a good God. He's a good God. So, Amen. So happy to be back home. And I kind of arranged pre-arranged. just say, you know, when I'm coming off for a trip like that, I want to be in church, but I think we got some other preachers here that can help me, Amen. share the load. So, Brother Smiley is going to come, amen, this morning to share. Uh, and the Lord's just been using him um in a special way. I'm sure he'll share, but he was just there with brother Larry Nichols, amen, on last weekend. and the Lord blessed the services and uh and and through that some other services are upcoming for him and and I just see amen restoration amen right before my very eyes. I thank God uh for this. So Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. And let's um do Amazing Grace. Amen. as our brother prepares to come. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the [Music] sound. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praises. Having a hard time already. Amen. I will beless what you call me to be. I'll say [Music] yes. Lord, I agree. My desire passion is to be what you call me to be and that's what I will be. Let's shout it one more time. Oh, I will be what you call me to be. I'll say [Music] yes. Lord, I agree. My desire passionately is to be what you call me to be. That's what I will [Music] be. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Let's just get our get our Bibles out. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. I tell you, we had a a real wonderful time on last week. It's been some time since we going to be looking in the book of uh St. Mark chapter 16. Uh we had a real wonderful time there with brother Larry. They on the other side of the world, I tell you. But uh we had a good good time. It's been some years since we've been there. Some things has changed a little bit, but uh God really uh used us to speak some things to the saints there and just have some discernment and to just kind of educate folks on certain things also and and that's a blessing. And I was thinking um you know I appreciate the brothers for their prayers. I I don't I don't think that uh the services would be what they are if I didn't have somebody praying for me. I'm I'm reminded of Brother Brandham having sisters praying and uh you know um one thing I I can say um if anything's happening I got confidence in these brothers uh prayers behind it. Praise the Lord. And uh this week my my mom, you know, she's getting older this uh in a couple of weeks she'll be 84 and she had a problem maybe a month and a half ago and she's been kind of going through ever since and she she gets okay and then she goes under and you know I was I was preaching on a little subject. Um I'm I'mma let you be seated. Y'all going to be all right if I keep talking for a minute or do I need y'all to be seated? Y'all be seated for a second. I hate to get you bouncing up and down because I know I I can't bounce up and down like that. When I stand, I like to stand, but uh I just feel bad just watching you stand while I'm just talking. I ain't read. I ain't did nothing. But uh I I did just want to say uh she she I don't know what went wrong. She had an infection in her stomach. That was the main problem. And uh she's getting older. She's losing her memory a little bit. Uh she repeats herself a lot. And um but when I was I I was thinking about something when when they sent me out a text. I was on my way to work or I had got to work before I seen the text and said that they had already taken her to the hospital. And I was thinking about what I preached up at brother Larry's. And I was talking about the brothers on uh on their way to um uh the other side there and uh uh awakening Jesus was the topic of the message and uh you know when trouble comes and that's not my this morning's message not less he turned it into it but when when trouble comes what's our reaction right come on and and immediately I said this just the devil. All right. You you having revival and you doing good and everything and then all of a sudden trouble come. Yeah. And then it's like what's your reaction? And you know my reaction was I'm not going to panic. This the devil. I already see it. It's it's you know regardless of what she's thinking. That's right. You know whose report am I going to believe? I'mma believe the report of the Lord. I don't care what it look like. Now, when it's her time to go, she's going. But, you know, as far as I was concerned, it was like, you know, this just the devil. I'm I'mma just I'mma be like Jesus. I'mma be at rest. All right. I'mma be at rest. I'mma be at peace. It's It's going to be all right. That That's what my spirit was telling me. So, I was I was just kind of walking in obedience to what the spirit of God was telling me. And uh they figured out she had an infection and they ended up sending her home Friday. And uh I I went up and uh she was getting around good like nothing was happening. A few a few weeks ago, my mother couldn't even walk without a walker. Wow. And just to see her walking without a walker. Well, I felt I felt good. I I I really I really did. I I felt good to see how far God has brought her. Right. So, let us stand and we'll we'll move on. But I appreciate I I just want the brothers to know how much I appreciate and how much I have confidence in y'all uh prayers behind anything that I'm doing. Amen. So, so I just said to myself, when I'm going out, I'll just have them praying for me. Amen. Because I I I need it. God has been blessing me and flying. I hadn't over the years been flying that well. But uh my last leg when I landed in West Palm Beach, I stood up too fast and I got dizzy and I sat down and I said, "It's just the devil." Cuz my flights has been been a blessing. and I done lost some weight and and I'm feeling I'm feeling a lot better and uh so y'all just continue to pray for me. We got uh couple of services uh in two weeks and then in June so far and we just trying to move forward. Um Mark 16 and 15, y'all pray for us. appreciate brother Jack for this opportunity and thank God God has brought him and his wife 32 my grandmama used to say odd years 32 odd years we appreciate him uh and it the 15th verses says and he said unto them go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved saved. But he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not uh hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. And so then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he had was received up into heaven and sat on the right hand of God. And they went forth preaching everywhere the Lord working with them and confirming the word with signs following. Amen. Let us bow our heads. Gracious Father, we just thank you this morning for um just allowing us to be here and and just being with my mother uh and just, you know, just taking care of her, Lord Jesus. She's getting older, but Lord, she's still fighting. And so we appreciate the fight that's in her spirit, Lord Jesus. Uh she's just determined to continue to press the battle. Lord, Lord, we just thank you. We appreciate you. We appreciate the opportunity, Lord. Help us to just kind of uh just get under the same spirit. Lord God, I was thinking about if if we could get under the same anointing and spirit and atmosphere that the prophet was under when he preached this little thought u from the masterpiece in different places. Lord, we we know that you'll you'll just help us. So we we're trusting in you this morning. We pray that you have your way in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Um I want to preach a little subject that's just kind of been on my heart for uh a couple of months. I was I a lot of times I'm I'm at work and and I'm I'm listening to tapes. Thank God for technology. I have a little earpods in. And while they be listening to all that crazy stuff, I be listening to to a little message because I be needing something to just kind of keep my spirit my spirit intact cuz you know out there in the workforce, boy, I tell you, they be pushing you and I don't want to start pushing back. That's right. So, I be I be trying to I be trying to just be cool and and calm and collected. So, I'll be listening to a message, but I was listening to the message of uh uh the masterpiece. And and you know, I I was telling the saints last week, I said, "We can't exhaust God." Um I know sometimes we might feel like, man, I've listened to that message. I have. I've been Christian for 37 years. Yeah. I don't know how many times I've listened to the message of Masterpiece. I don't know how many times I've preached from the message of Masterpiece. But every time I go back to the message of Masterpiece, uh it's always illuminating. It's it's it's always illuminating for me. That's always just, you know, and it don't take nothing but a little something and then it just takes the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. But I want to use as a little topic this morning the match the matching piece. The matching piece and uh as a subtopic redemption claims. Amen. Um uh let me let me just start it out this way this morning. I want to maybe get a background and read you some quotes. Brother Brandham, you know, Brother Brandham tells a lot of stories in in the message and you know, you could read over them. You could listen over those stories sometimes, but if you do, I tell you what, you'll miss a whole lot of substance when when you do that. So, Brother Brandham, he's he's preaching from the message of masterpiece and and he gets down he gets down in the message and he starts to talk about the Chinese uh laundry man. Y'all ever heard that that part passage? So he says, "Like many of you men and women my age, uh we used to uh have around the country a lot of Chinese." All right. He says, "And when the the Chinese first started in, they come from the west coast moving eastward, coming over from the eastern country, moving this way." And as they did, they were a people who who weren't acquainted with our language and our ways, but they were fine laundrymen. Right. Right. Now, I don't know about that cuz we I grew up where we had black folk cleaning our clothes and stuff. They was the laundryman. I guess that was for my time. Uh I I just don't remember the Chinese men. But he said that was during his time. And if he was still alive, he'd probably beund and something years old. But by the time we Well, I guess his time was my time cuz in ' 65 I was 3 years old. But that's still for my time. I ain't know that. I was still running around with dirty diapers on or something. But he says, "And as they did, they were were people who were not acquainted with our language and and our ways, but they were fine laundrymen, and they couldn't write uh a ticket so you could get your laundry back." But the chineman, he got himself a bunch of little cards with nothing on it at all. So when you come for your laundry, now now this is when you come to redeem, make claims on what's yours, he had a provided way, right? that there's there's and I was I was thinking about this because because when when I appreciate the you know when I run across these things I I I appreciate the prophet more and more because of of his his thought patterns and the things that uh he brought out to benefit us because you know going to church as a young man these pre these principles and precepts we couldn't comprehend. That's right. Right. We just we just kind of went to church from a a traditional standpoint. And I went to Sunday school and I did a lot of different things and I heard a lot of sermons and things of that nature as as a young man. But uh there's so much man that I did not understand until God start opening up the word of God to us. Right. And showing us important principles, right? Yes, sir. Cuz these things are important for us as Christians also, right? Glory to God. So he said he got a bunch of little cards with nothing on it. So when you come back for your laundry, he would take this card and tear it in a certain way. Yeah. And hand you one piece and he kept the other piece. Now it's a little better than what we have now. He said because you come back uh to claim what's your own. He says those two pieces must Right. Right. I'm going to go somewhere here. They must dovetail. Right. Right. It's something that you can't get around. Right. They they must dovetail. He's Now this we going to go somewhere with this next statement. You can't impersonate it. Right? You cannot see and then you follow brother Brandham through his message and the things that he preached impersonation of Christianity. There's so much impersonation going on today, right? It's so much impersonation that's going on uh today. In the book of Acts, chapter 19, you know, it it was it was the sons ofKeva, right? The seven sons ofKea. Amen. They they were impersonating in Christianity. Right. They wasn't genuine Christians. They they were they were impersonators, right? And and the evil spirit say, "Well, wait a minute. Jesus, I know. Paul I know don't know you I boy we don't know we I jumped on them and whooped them they took a whooping and I'mma tell you something this is the reason why a lot of people take a whooping around church because they ain't genuine bornagain Christians they they impersonating Christianity Glory to God. [Applause] That was that was impersonating the man the evil spirit whooped up. Took a They took a pounding. You ever been You ever been in a fight where you had the feet? Don't fail me now. You taking a pounding? I don't know if I ever really got one of them. All right. Now I I think I did. My my cousin, he was older than me. Boy, we fought all the way from the boys club down the street. Boy, I backed in a corner and I like loud why I have to run in here. Boy, he hit me in the eye so hard. I fell down, but I knew I had to get up. Well, I saw stars. I said, "Man, stars ain't just for cartoons. This real, man." Let me read a couple of quotes, man. Brother Brandham, he he says, uh, these people impersonating Christianity, living like the world, running around to every kind of place, uh, are at to be belonging to church and calling themselves Christians, but but they're not Christian. That's in um great warriors of Joshua 1955, right? 1955 fellowship through the redemption of the blood. He said to go to church impersonating Christianity, acting like Christianity. All right. Right. Pay the tithes. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Jesus. Amen. Living good in the community, not just really bad people. Right. Right. But except that a man's born again, he will never raise in the resurrection. And see what makes you what makes you a you can be a member of this church by just paying your tithes and offerings and having your presence. That don't even make you a Christian, right? H how many people that's going to church this mornings uh this morning not really Christians not not born again but they they support the church with they they their they tithes and offerings and they presence they just some good could be just a good member but you'll never raise like that right right you you just to say it earlier you'll never be able to match that piece like that glory to Amen. Amen. See, we we want our own own principles and and different things. I I wrote down a statement when I was studying. Um see it it can't be something uh amended. Right. Right. Which we can see that in Christianity around Christianity, not true Christianity. Right. for this day. Yeah. It's it's an amendment amended thought. Right. Right. Glory to God. Amen. It's an amended thought. The word the the word has been altered in so much. It don't take this, it don't mean that. It don't take this and it this that and the other and y'all guys would, you know, which is this old time. But well, give me that old time religion. Amen. G give me that, you know, that that they had, you know, well, no, let me back up. Let me think about that. It's got to go all the way back to the beginning. That's right. Right. Because Pentecost was good. Yeah. Right. It's so close that if it was possible, right? That's right. Now, that's true. and and pent Pentecost Pentecost was the closest thing to the original church. But but uh the thing that they were missing, right? Um they was missing the the revelation of the word and tying scripture with scripture and word upon word, line upon line, and precept upon precept. Right? And that's why we needed what we needed for this hour. True. Right. Amen. So that when when when those two pieces come together, they'll dovetail. There they'll be a matching piece, right? So it it it can't be some amended word. A requirement must be met. See, we we got to be a Bible bride. That's right. Amen. Some churches Bible believers and and that's the truth. That's just that's just not a name on the church door. We got to be a Bible blind and we still we still moving. Right. Amen. Amen. So So it's no impersonation to this. Running around's good and all of the things that people do that's good. But you know those things, you know, you could try to impersonate. But watch this. I'm I'm gonna get to this quote here in a second, right? He says in in in Hidden Life 19505, he says impersonating Christianity, trying to do something to act like Christians. All right. He says it that won't work, friend. Right. That won't work. God knows that. The devil knows it. The devil knows the sons of Skea. Like, boy, y'all ain't real Christians. Glory to God. We see the devil know when you genuine. He know a genuine Christian. Amen. He say the devil knows it and the people knows it. Glory to God. Glory to God. And and and it's no it's no need to be something that you're not. Glory to God. See the the the and I'm going I'mma get there, but I'm going say it before I get there. That's why you got to be born again, right? Be because you you can't be some other bird putting some other kind of feathers in there. That's an impersonation. Right. Glory to God. Right. See, sheep sheep just bears wool, right? Glory to God. Amen. So, so you just got to be from the beginning from the original an original seed and and what'sever there will come forth. Yes. Right. Where where you won't have to try to impersonate something, try to be something that that you're not. See that, man? That's hard. My God, that's all trying to be something that you're not. Glory to God. Amen. Just be who you are. I I've learned something, church. We ain't Ain't none of us perfect. Not me, not you. Not nobody. None of us is perfect. Glory to God. The thing is, we're born again and God is adding to us, right? God God is adding to us. The life is there and it takes God to build that life by the word. Amen. Is that right? No matter how emotional y'all get, you can feel good and feel good in the spirit and and right something happened and you you'll act just a little bit unseemly. [Music] Glory to God. That's me and anybody else. All right. Cuz cuz you know you rub the cat, you rub the cat the wrong [Music] way. and all that and you rub it the wrong way. So, let's not rub it. Let's not let's make sure we rubbing the kitty the right way cuz we want the fangs to come out. I am not a cat lover. I do not like cats for that reason, man. A cat cat you be walking by, they just jump on you for no reason. They say dogs is man's best friend. If I had to have one, give me a dog. That That's no slide to cat lovers. You love what you love. I just I ain't never cats just seem like they attack me. Amen. But he said the devil knows it and the people knows it. He says you got to be genuine. You've got to be original. Praise God. Amen. You got to be That's right. Right. just important statements because especially especially this hour you know brother Brandham he made a statement years ago and we probably couldn't have grasped it when he said the Pentecostal church in a hundred years man look at look at the church now I was I was looking I was looking at I was looking on Instagram the other day and this real pro prominent uh pastor man I like I just couldn't sit under these people just there ain't no way he got braids in his head going around. And dude had a yellow feminist looking blouse on with a little cut off church uh shirt with some baggie. I like bro and I just you know sometime I be trying to keep my mouth closed but I can't contain myself in the comments you know I read comments sometime and I just wrote you know the spirit of a man would would would would just say no right [Applause] the spirit this the masculinity Spirit of a man will say, "No, I can't wear this. Take that back from where you got that from." Because because because I'm I'm the standard, right? I supposed to be the standard. We wonder why where all these spirits coming from and all that. It's the people that's up front that these these young guys is looking to. Well, well, if pastor pastor he married and everything and he if he could wear that, pastor shouldn't be in that. He I mean he a big dude. He big as I used to be. Come slipped down some. And I but I looked at that I was like better hand it right. I couldn't help it. I just couldn't help it. It's like man the spirit I'm tell you all my life even before becoming a Christian a spirit on me would be like no don't wear that don't do that don't do that don't go there you know it ain't even nothing wrong with this ain't even nothing wrong with this I remember when I was in high school and I wish I would have really learned how to type but uh I had got in a typing class cuz I needed an elective and I got in that class and that class worried me. That class worried me till I got out that class. I say the fellas ain't going to like me, you know, cuz it it's a it's a it's a MS type thing. It's a MS thing, you know. I'm a I'm a I'm a athlete and I'm hanging with the the fellas, the hootlams, you know, and I'm like, boy, they pass by here and see me in there pecking on them keys. Boy, for 4 years, I'm not going to be able to live that die. Every time there's a joke, boy, I smile walk out and I see you smile [Music] in and I got out that class. But there's nothing wrong with it. But but that's just it's just the way that I'm I'm wired. So So even now it's it's things that you know I'm like, "No, I can't wear that. That's that's pushing it. That's the spirit, the masculine spirit that's in me be like, "No, I don't care what they doing out there. No, I can't I can't wear that cuz I at all time want to look like a man, act like a man, talk like a man, walk like a man, right? So So I don't want to wear that, you know? So when I saw him looking like a a big bird slash whatever that was, I was like, bro, you you can't tell me a person like that got the Holy Ghost. That's right. He might have a gift to preach. Yeah. The Holy Ghost if the the God in a prophet would would would keep him from certain things, the God in us will keep us from certain things. That's a brothers and sisters, right? Amen. You know, cuz what a day we living in where sisters are b women are borderline, not sisters in the church, but y'all know what I'm talking about, right? It it it ought to keep keep you from certain things, certain certain the spirit of God will do that. See, you can try to impersonate by coming to church and shouting and doing this and saying or whatever, whatever, but you got to be born again because if you're not, you won't come in the resurrection. You won't you won't really be able to come subject to all of the words. Amen. Glory to God. You're not. Amen. You're not. We brother Smiley's never getting away from you must be born again. Hallelujah. Right. Be because and I got the scriptures. I'm I'm trying to take my time. Do I have time? Cuz I I you know, you know, it's it's it's on the foundation, right? Yes. when the when the when when when when uh the piece of paper was torn, right on on the Old Testament side and we going to read it. He was word upon word upon word upon word upon word upon word, right? And then on the new cuz when they connect, it's got to be word. Yes, sir. It's got to be a word bribe. If not, man, you it's no redemption claims. It's you you cuz see uh uh uh there's no claiming what's not his. True. Right. I I in studying I wrote that little statement. There's no claiming of what's not his. You got to be redeemable. Yes, sir. It and and and what makes you redeemable is the word. Right. Being able to recognize your day in his message. Glory to God. Yes, sir. Amen. See, there's no claiming what's not his. A price was paid for him to make claims on the bride. Yes, sir. Glory to God. Glory to God. So, you know, we'll get into it in in a second, right? You see why it it can't be denominationalism, right? It it can't be all of that because when when the thing come together, it'll it'll show right that wasn't an original tear. That's not the original piece, right? This is this is something else. Glory to God. You know, the prophet uh he could he he was talking about in in the same quote he was just talking about, you know, people people can copy names and forge and you can do all kinds of stuff. the great age of forgery and and and just so much corruption on on so many levels. But when it comes to this, it's not so. It cannot. Right. You you can't fool the China. That's right. You can't fool the China. Right. Well, I'll take a little another piece and you know just the nature of people. They'll probably people probably tried a don't they probably you know weird language and especially back then not really speaking English probably this ain't it this ain't working this the pieces coming together they they not working right that's right I mean you might have brought something in a couple of weeks ago and lost the you know fig well I'll just take this that that's two weeks ago Right. Watch it. I'm run now. You You see why under Luther and Wesley, right? And Pentecost, it won't work because of where we are, right? It it it worked in that day for the believers in that that day in that part of the building of the bride body. It won't work now. You can't you because we we got we got more. Right. We we got all of what was in the mind of God. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Luther didn't have all. He just had the just shall live by faith. Yes, sir. Right. Amen. And and Wesley and Wesley had a sanctification message and the Pentecostal had, you know, signs, wonders, miracles, and speaking in tongues and all that, but then they had women preachers. They had all sorts of things that were scripturally contrary to the Bible, right? So, so it won't work. Amen. God God is is is is looking for uh an original peace. Amen. Back to the Bible. That's right. Back to Pentecost. This what I tell you what the more the more I look at this the more and more I say Lord where can I go where am I going where can I go because this is so solid it makes so much sense Amen when when we look at it right glory to God so he says um you can make copies of letters but you can't impersonate that tail right it's got to fit exactly with the other piece. Therefore, your dirty clothes that you brought in, you could redeem them. That's it. See, God is not redeeming what's not his. By this ticket, because it matched the ticket that was turned in. All right, that's it. That it it's it's got to match. Watch. Now let's follow the prophet's thoughts, right? Still masterpiece. Verse 85, he says, "When God by the prophets and under the law condemned us to sin," right? Now, now let's keep in mind, right? We we've been on this uh journey for a year plus on redemption. All right. Right. Just trying to show us how how uh powerful the message actually is. how how scriptural my God uh the the message is. See, you you can't leave the scripture. All right. I don't care feelings and all of this. I feel I don't want that. No, sir. Not at all. Right. I feel I thought don't want that. Why? It won't fit. It won't fit. Denominational. I don't want that. It won't fit. Amen. You You won't come in the resurrection. Right, brother? Right, y'all guys are We are not demeaning. Right. We're not puffed up. That's right. Right. We just preaching the uncarchable riches of Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. That's it. Right. Amen. What what was locked up and sealed on the backside of the Bible has been unlocked. Hallelujah. And revealed so that we could be the matching piece. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Glory to God. I don't know about you, but I want to go in the rapture way. Amen. Amen. Well, you ain't going with just He not taking a part ticket himself. The other the other part got to be him. All right. She is him. Right. Hallelujah. You know, in the world today, they say, "I'm him." I don't know what that mean. We may not want to be that. All right. But I'm him. Right. I understand that. Right. I'm him. May not may not get me in a rapture. Yes, sir. Cuz folk got so many spirits. Yes, sir. Is that right? Yes, sir. So, when you look at them say, "I'm him." I don't know about that. That's we call that in question. What does that mean? What What are you saying? Spell it out for us. Break it down for us. Y'all don't talk to me now. Break it down to for me. Yes, sir. See, when when I talk about being him, I can break it down. Right. Amen. What that means, me being Christ, being in me, me being in Christ. Amen. The life that I live. Amen. Right. And we going somewhere still. Hallelujah. See, it got to make sense, church, cuz it it's it's so much it's so much that's out here, right? And I and I'll say this, if you're immature, you shouldn't be on social media. I'm telling you, I'm just going to preach from a a place of maturity cuz cuz it's the believe the sign and all of this. You shouldn't be on that stuff if you're not mature enough. Who was I? I was talking to little Larry. We was riding to the restaurant and uh we was talking about um you know some of this stuff and it's like he was saying, "Man, I tried to do it." And he said, "Man, it was I said, "Bro, you ain't by yourself." I tried to, too. I started looking at that stuff and I said, "Man, let me get off of this here." That's right. Cuz see what it'll start causing you to do? It'll start causing you to reason, right? And and looking at things from a a wounded person's perspective, right? Cuz listen, Brother Jack preached this a while back. Hurt people hurt people. Well, the the foundation of believe the sign is just a bunch of hurt people, right? So if hurt people that you know get on these signs automatically man you going to be pulled [Music] because because it's it's appealing to your your your your feelings and your emotion and instead of the six sense right glory I'm telling you I went on that thing man and I was like boy no let me get up off this and then then I you know years ago I had brother Fred and brother David Mars came down and I I you know I was sharing this with uh little Larry uh I said man David was only believe the sign he said all of the lights in his house went off so he called his dad the demons just jumped in his house just that quick say he was so scared said brother Fred came and told him well I told you to stay off that man and prayed lights popped back on David Morris, right? But sometimes sometimes we don't we don't we don't listen, right? Glory to God. We we got we got to realize, you know, even in the days of Jesus, they was trying to criticize and ted out his ministry. Right. Come on. You you got to follow a a word pattern. Yes. They was trying to tear down Jesus, the son of man. They saw the supernatural and everything else, but they were still trying to tear it down. Give us bar rabbles. A murderer. That's right. True. Huh? Oh my. It's it's it's just so important, church. Uh I I know everybody got access to the internet, and I ain't telling you what to do. I ain't your daddy. I'm just your brother. Y'all grown folk do whatever you want to do. Right. But but when you get your life all screwed up, just remember I tried to tell you. Amen. That's right. Right. Amen. Sometimes sometimes some stuff ain't good. Even sometimes in listening to some of these guys preaching. [Applause] That's true. I I admit but I'm a whole lot more mature. But even me sometime I be like man no you got to have listen you got to be sound in the word you got to have good discernment because because if you don't down right you'll gravitate towards that stuff and it's like man it's a it's a it's a spirit behind it's a spirit behind everything and see I don't want anything pulling me away from this. Hallelujah. Because I what I what I realize is that this has been the thing that has kept me since 1988. And and and and I ain't got confidence in none of that other stuff keeping me sir. Cuz I I fought some real serious demons and I still fight some serious demons. Yes, sir. This morning just like y'all. Come on. Yes, sir. And I'm going tell you, those things do not have enough strength and power to keep you. [Applause] You know, I was I was thinking about and boy, I I enjoy hearing her sing. Uh what her name is, Leandrea Johnson. I enjoy, boy, she gifted. She'll knock Oh, man. Test something up. But she can't stop drinking. Amen. She can't stop drinking. She can't no matter how much and and and every time she go out, her situation gets worse. She take on more demons, right? And it's not enough strength. It's not enough overcoming power. She needs something with some teeth. Yes, sir. Glory to God. Hallelujah. She need the the lion. She need a eagle, right? Cuz she come in and I shouldn't have probably called her name. I don't know where this tape go, but I I was just a few weeks ago, she getting arrested and this and that. And and and you know, I got compassion as a human being. But in all uh reality, I realized, bro, she ain't she's not getting what she needs to keep her. That's it. That's it. Alcohol been taking people out way before these modern day drugs. That's right. Is that right? Glory to God. Yes, sir. That's And that's that's in a quote. You ain't got to try to look it up, but if you need it, I'll find it for you. All right. Alcohol been tearing up families way before cocaine and heron. Glory to God. Amen. Oh my. So, let let's kind of maybe get back on track a little bit. Remember what we talking about the ma the matching piece and redemption claims and and keep in mind it's not like people uh uh want us to think that that you know God is this this God and we try to throw grace in there and God is a good God. I don't doubt that. Right. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believe on him shall be saved and not perish. Is that right? And and listen, we hold on to that scripture, but we have to put something more on top of that. Right? Cuz it it's it's it's got to be a word birth, right? and not a cuz every denomination try to use that scripture, right? And I believe God got God did did s but God also knew who would and who would not. Right? Glory to God. He he God knew God God knew who would believe the word in its season and who would not believe the word in it season. Right. Amen. So, it's it's it's more to it than just uh what they want to make us uh uh think and feel cuz they all trying to they all trying and we not taking that out of the Bible but but when when it comes down to uh the promise, right? and and our part of the ticket. It's got to be entire word. All right. Right. Amen. To make up our part. But but watch uh in the masterpiece, he says, "And when God by the prophets under the law condemned us to sin, the law has no no grace. It only tells you you were a sinner." But when Jesus came on the scene, now watch this. this statement. He was the fulfillment. He was the fulfillment of everything that God had promised. Yeah. Yes. That's this part of the ticket. Yes. Right. He see entire word and here I I I want to say something because it's a strong influence uh amongst uh American blacks. They they got this what they call that group? Some kind of Israelites. Hebrew Israelites. I seen them. I seen them yesterday. And I was like, I'm just too tired to metal. I looked at them and say, "Man, they they'll drain everything out of me trying." But you know, here's the here's the thing, though. No man can come to the father unless he draw. Right. Yes, sir. you you you unless you're born again, you'll never be able to understand, right? You won't. And and unless they they get a birth, they'll never really be able to understand what they're trying to present to people. Right. That's right. See? Amen. They trying to they trying to teach a law, not realizing the law was fulfilled in Christ. It was shadows and types. All right. See, glor Thank God. Yes, sir. Thank God. It's things cuz it's things that we do and we eat, right, that under the law you could do. You couldn't do cuz I know all some of not all of us, but a lot of us like them ribs. Y'all already talked to me. Y'all couldn't be no Hebrew Israelite eating them ribs. [Music] Oh, Jesus. And I and I can't hardly I can't hardly do pork like I used to cuz it shoot the blood pressure up. Every now and then I take a chance on that pressure. I'm going to get me a good looking rib. Give it that one right there. I choose the I choose the one that's going to make me sick. Give me that one. I go in the store and little Spanish girl be looking at they know me by now. I'mma choose. Don't just give me Don't give me anything. Give me the one that look like it's edible and I want to eat. If I'm if I'mma suffer the next day with him, you know, at least got to be sitting. I say, boy, it's a good, you know, sometime I be sitting in my car. Boy, it's a good one right here, [Applause] boy. Woo. And the next day I be at work moving slow, it be like, and then something hit me. See, you know, if you going to eat a rib, you at least need to eat it on a Friday where you ain't got to get up and do no work. You just wander on Saturday, man. Boy, some days I go in that store, boy. I thought you looking good. But hey, shrimp, crab, lobsters, but y'all couldn't ate that back then. It wasn't You was It's See, and that's what they don't even understand. It's it's things that they're looking at and it was good for them for that day. But but it was speaking of something that was far greater that was coming. Is that right? Far far greater. That was shadows and types with the turtle doves and the this kill one and do this and all of that kind of stuff. All of those different things was met, right? Yes. Hallelujah. In the life of Jesus Christ, they was just des a description of what his actions on the earth would be. Brother Brandham said he the in Christ the mystery. He would the principal theme. Amen. Everything was tied up in right. Amen. That those was just foreshadows. See, he was the fulfillment. see the fulfillment of everything that God had promised. Amen. Right. Amen. See, uh, you know, I I remember my early days of Christianity. Boy, I just didn't understand that that statement. People be talking about the promises. I didn't understand it. But I'm glad I understand it now cuz I'm I'm I'm tired to all of the New Testament promises. And I I'mma read it. Right. Just like Jesus was was connected, tied to, right? Identified. Jesus didn't do anything outside of of what was was prophesied. Everything he did, it was promised and prophesied he would do and fulfill. Amen. Right. Glory. They scrutinized it, but hey, he was the fulfillment. Yes, sir. See, he was the perfect identical image of the promise. Therefore, all the promises of the Old Testament was met in Jesus Christ. How many can say amen to that? It couldn't be met in Moses. Moses had his part, but not all of it. It couldn't be met in any of the prophets, but it was met in the masterpiece. We needed a masterpiece. We needed that perfection. Amen. Amen. See, when those two pe pieces come together, it's got to be perfection. It speaks of perfection. That's why it can't be impersonation. It can't be all of this. It can't be that. It can't be nomination cuz that won't produce perfection. That's right. That that's even why around the revealed word, we got to be careful that that we don't make this some sort of denomination now, right? We got little camps over here. Let's let's keep it the word, right? Let's just let's just keep it the word upon word, line upon line, precept upon precept. Is that right? Now, where I because I'm telling you church, we was a part of stuff like that, right? Glory to God. where it was a certain amount of statements and quotes and you know you you had to believe that and play certain tapes and play this in your church and that's I'm glad we outgrew that stuff. I was troubled with that stuff when I was a young convert with no understanding. It's like just something about this bothers me. Amen. Right. Glory to God. See, because that that that won't be the match the matching piece if we if we with all of that. You start breaking the word eighth angels and all of this kind the the foolishness that you hear, you're breaking the word, those pieces can't come together properly. They're going to kind of be like this to put a eighth angel in there. Yes. When the Bible speaks of seven seven angels, when he begin to sound, right? Mysteries. Amen. See, once he sounded and the mysteries was revealed, it was just like it was in the wilderness with Jesus and the disciples. It was broken and given to them like right. That's all it was. God come down, give it to a prophet, right? Then the five-fold ministry get it and we give it to the people. You don't get it. I mean, you'll get certain amount of things by listening and studying. You ain't getting it without the five-fold ministry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Well, we we just push play. You push play all you want to. That's fine. In your house, even in the church, if you want to put it, you know, tape on from time to time, that's up to you. But but on a regular basis now you need I'm telling you you need a five-fold ministry. You need a five-fold min to break these things down to us. That's right. To make where would we be if we didn't have a five-fold ministry, right? Glory to God. You got to appreciate, you got to appreciate, you know, when brother Jack gets up and he he breaks these things down and teaches and these the brethren here, you got to appreciate that. You can't see to get away from it. You're going to mess up the piece. You going to mess up the You're going to mess up your piece of the ticket. Push play all you want to try to take the five month. I'm not going to do it cuz I don't want my piece when they come together to connect. I want my piece to fit. Now, I don't know about what y'all want y'all little piece to be. Hallelujah. I just want mine to fit. And right. Glory to God. Let me let me move to this. How much time? Okay, I do have a little time. Glory to God. Okay. So he says in Moses, he said it couldn't be met in in any of the prophets. It met in the masterpiece. It matched all that it said it was going to be. So will the church have to be a match to everything that God has promised. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You got to be right. Right. It must be a piece that's smitten off of it. So if the original is the word, brother Smiley is not crazy. Amen. See, so will the subjects that's been taken from it be the word to match its side. Amen. Hallelujah. See, it's it it's got to be a word bride. Yes, sir. Glory to God. Let me hit let me hit some scriptures and and then I I'll get out of here. Right. Y'all love him. See this this is why we we read the scripture uh in the book of Mark to start out with, right? Yes, sir. Because because it's it's got it's got to be it's got to be scripture, right? Yes, sir. He said unto them, Mark 16:15, "Go ye into all the world." See, they're connected to some promises. And see, their their teaching and their preachings has got to be scriptural. Yes, sir. Right. Glory to God. Amen. Preach to every uh preach the gospel to every creature. Right. He that believeth. Now, this is where it kind of get a little tricky, too. We c we can't just make it the shores of Galilee because we've gone further. Yes, sir. And this is hard for people to swallow. What are we believing? All right. Come on. What are we believing? All right. Right. We could look back to that, but we got to look further. Yes, sir. We got to go deeper. Amen. That's it. Glory to God. He that believeth, what do you believe? See, somewhere we got to be settled if you're not on what you actually believe. Amen. Amen. You got to be it's got to be settled in your spirit. The the the revealed word has got to be settled in your spirit. If not, you'll be wishywashy. Glory to God. And unfortunately, it's it's hard for me to see you making a rapture apart from it. I ain't even saying you may not get eternal life. Yeah. But we we preaching a rapture message. This what people can't comprehend. True. This is not a denominational message. This is this is about uh connecting your part, connecting entire world. Yes sir. because that that the thing that was promised for this day. Yeah, I just read it. But let let's really clarify. Malachi 4's coming was connected to the promise of the believer for this day, not days gone by. Right. Right. See, in them applying the scripture, they had to see what was unveiled to them for their day. Come on. All right, y'all. Real quiet this morning. Come on. Right. Amen. But I mean, in in in in all reality, right, when when we think about what we believe, I can't it's hard for me to just have an a denominational thought on this scripture. All right. Because I realize, you know, when we start really thinking about the promises, it takes me a little bit further. Right. Yes. Yes. I got to believe on Christ died for me. Right. Yeah. Right. That's right. Old Testament, but then look look what Christ did. Amen. Under the seventh seal. Yes, sir. Right. Look, look, look what happened, right? We go back to the rising of the sun and all of those different messages. He shows us what what the ministry of Malachi 4 was to do. Right. Oh yes. Amen. It was to pull us out of denominationalisms and all of these different things. Right. Come on. It was truly a rising out of sight. Amen. Christ Christ amongst us cuz he was dead through denominationalisms and all of that. Is that right? Come on. Go back and and listen to the tape. Now I'm just kind of bringing it. It wasn't in my notes off the top of my head. That's why I'm paraphrasing. Right. But truly, it was a rising. Amen. Right. And you got to be a part of that rising. See? Amen. Glory to God. You know, because we we're not this not denominationalism. We've come up hither. Glory to God. We've come up hither. Amen. See, and that's that's after church age and denominational ages is done with. Right. We have been called up a little higher. Right. If not, then we ain't in the rapture cycle. My Lord, come on. Preach with me, somebody. Amen. We're not in the rapture cycle, right? Either we in the rapture cycle or we not. Cuz the shout is the message. It is. Amen. Right. Amen. Glory. Amen. But he said, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." Then then here again, now I know this was written before the book of Acts, right? But I'm about to Well, people say, "Well, you know what? It it don't matter." It does matter. Yes, sir. Because if if if it don't matter what we got our ticket looking like I have the promises, right? Glory to God. Everything's got to be cuz we can't preach imperfection. The word is perfect. Amen. Right? Be therefore perfect. Amen. Right. Amen. Then how how could we consider ourselves perfect with an imperfect word with with with imperfect teaching? Right? Cuz then what what what did we have? What do we have brother Bradom bringing us? Right. If it wasn't perfect teaching line upon line, you see what he was fighting for? Yes, sir. He was fighting for you and me. Amen. Amen. To bring a perfect world. Right. To bring Amen. a perfect master priest bride. Yes, sir. Thank you. Amen. Right. Amen. To connect us with what God had promised for this day. Right. They ain't doing that. I'm telling you, they not doing that. Right. They don't they don't understand the principles of of what was given to us. Right. They don't. That's right. Oh, I was going to read some scriptures. But boy, I get caught up because I was thinking, Brother Jack, boy, I don't even know. But I like, well, I'm going to just rest in him because once I get started, then he the mind of Christ comes in and he understands the message better than I do. Right. See, the gift is you get out the way. Get out the way and then I'll preach the thought that I gave you for you. Hallelujah. So he preaching the thought for me. Amen. Right. Glory to God. But he says, uh, he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. That's just delivered, right? But he that believeth not shall be damned. That's a powerful statement. See, that's a real powerful statement. That's not throwing off because you don't want you know you God is a a a a loving God. He is I mean uh it's a scripture I'm trying to quote but it ain't coming coming to my head fully. Uh but God knows, right? God God knows. Amen. He said now now watch this now with with the word right with with the revealed word. He says, "And these signs shall follow them that believe." Right? See th this is your part of the ticket. So so that you'll know what your part of the ticket looks like. All right. Right. When when it's connected, you can have an assurance like I'm all right. I'm good. See, I know I know that I'll be claimed in redemption. Amen. Right? Because I'm the matching piece. If he was if he was this piece and fulfilled all of the promises of the Old Testament, then him and us fulfilling all the promises of the New Testament by the word. Right. See, so you know, it helps us to see where Brother Brandham wasn't some crazy crank and they be trying to tell us all this. I'll be like, I just don't know where y'all be getting that stuff from cuz this just make too much sense for me. I just don't see where it don't make sense to y'all. That's right. It just it just you know, I be trying to find a fault. Somebody came to me years ago and you know, brother, I won't go on his name and you see no you don't see no fault with the message. First of all, I ain't looking. It's taking everything that I got trying to understand the message and all that was laid out. So if it's taking me and I'm your head, then how you feel you above me and that he's bypassing me and you getting all of this great revelation and all of this and that and no see you breaking protocol anyway. See, I could tell it's the devil, right? Because your actions ain't even lining up with scripture. You you you bypassing order, right? That's right. If if how God going to bypass Brother Jack, right, and go to Now, I used to be a pastor, but I'm not now. This brother Jack is the pastor of this church. God just bypassing brother Jack and giving me these great revelation that's not something that's contrary to the word now God is giving me revelations based upon the word and these brethren but when it's things outside of the word see Eve Right. Yeah. Look at look at what your revelation causes. Yes, sir. Right. Me and brother little Larry, we we had a good ride. Me, him, and uh uh God, I can't think his cousin name. M. We had a good hour ride to the restaurant. We just was just talking about the word and and just different things. And man, I'm like, you know, this this is where people get messed up. They they bypass authority. Yes, sir. And I'm just going to tell y'all, y'all ain't that spiritual like y'all think y'all are. Come on, brother. This might hurt your feelings, but I'm not really concerned about that right now. Right. Come on. You can't bypass order. And everybody that does it, look, look at where they end up. Come on, church. Come on, church. Ministries, man. I mean, prominent brothers. Uh-huh. I'm talking about brothers with 4, 500, 6, 700 members. Uh-huh. They got five people in they plan to get tired now. That's right. Right. Huh? Buildings gone. The people gone. Come on. Several good brothers. Even South Florida. Good brother with a good ministry. 150, 200 members. Yeah. Now they somewhere sipping tequila and wine and come on somebody. Lord have mercy. Somewhere long hair and beards riding motorcycles and motorcycle clubs and right come on. Really once once had big names, big conventions. Yeah. Right. Amen. But then the the ticket that they had it it didn't look like to them it needed modifying amending it didn't mean it didn't mean that but some we talking about we a divine revealer of the re the written word amen and he go and then you go back and you listen to him and his his his statements and just his understanding of ministry and and his love for the people. Like if if if I would do something like that, what kind of guy would that make me? That that just like wait a minute. Come on. That that's not a hypocrite. A man that could make those kind of statements and preaching realizing that you know what, I'm responsible for what I do. I'm responsible for what I say. There's no way in the world that I could I could preach them a gospel that's not lined up with the word. See them the things that I look at not you know people look I you know let me tell you something. I'm going be real with y'all. I never studied a bear or br I ain't never even know nothing like that. Never until I heard these guys and I'm like what what that come from? That's in the message. Come on. Come on. I like man. I it I' I've been taking and trying to feed the little flock that I have the word trying to bring the word in such a way that they could understand and see how perfect Yes, sir. the word that's been given to them is and how it's making the Bible make sense. Come on now. Amen. Come on. Yes, sir. Come on. And and folk ain't even they ain't even talking about no doctrine. They talk just talking about little natural stuff. Right. No doctrine. They they not gonna fight you on no doctrine. That's right. They going to show you a picture of meaty. I don't even know. I ain't even I'm get off this. I'm say meaty with a cut off sleeve on the daughter maybe with a little They're like what? What they got to do with the doctrine? What? Right. What? She was a human being. His look, Brother Banner family, I I'm just going to be real with you. They're not perfect. They're not perfect. I ain't looking to them. They They are not my examples. The word is. Yes, sir. Is that right? Glory to God. The word is y'all. Everybody can do whatever you want to do as far as I'm concerned, but y'all ain't my example. All right. The word is. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. So if I see you doing something, I'm not going to fight you on that. You just made me need to grow up. But I mean, the word is my example. I don't smoke cuz the word say don't smoke. The temple, my temple is the temple of the I don't do things and people around me do it and they my cousin, he be playing out like, "Okay, you going to get in trouble with God. You better leave me alone with that foolishness." Bringing out his little ball of liqu. All right. Then cuz don't call me your your tires done blowed out and this done did this and he he came there the other day with a little a big long screw talking about cuz boy this was right in front of it was right in front of your uh truck tire boy you driving. Couple hours later he went down went outside his tire was flat. His tire was flat. I said, "Cuz I'm telling you to you, you be joking and you be playing, but you don't know you be offending God when you do stuff like that. Come on. I could forgive you, but God might punish you for that." That's right. Is that right? Glory to God. There's a lot of things I look over and go by and don't think much of nothing, but God say, "You know, I just really didn't like that cuz this this is my my servant." And he demand and that's a powerful statement. He demands respect. What [Music] unperfect used to be crack smoking brother Smiley deserve respect. That's what he said. I didn't say that. I'm just saying what he said. See with that brother Jack. All right. All right. You see how we get in trouble. We see you. You see how you make the ticket. That's right. Somebody catching on. Give me one scripture. I'mma go one more scripture. Why I feel good now? I could walk down with my head up. Y'all know cuz I walked up here with my head down. Y'all notice I always come up here like this until that anointing hit and then I pick it up cuz I want to be able to when I get finished walk with my head up a little bit gone on to the back room saying thank you Jesus. That was nothing but the truth. That was nothing but the truth. St. John chapter 3 because our peace has got to be a part of what was promised. Yes sir. Right. Verse verse St. John 3 and 1. Oh Lord somebody help me. I need a Bible drill right about now. uh three and verse one. Okay. Here here Jesus is talking to Nicodemus, right? He said, "There was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou a teacher come from God. For no man can do these miracles that thou doest except God be with him." Jesus answered and said unto him, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, watch this." And this is just really at the foundation, right? Because you'll never really understand the message if you don't. You'll always struggle. It'll never make sense. Jesus and said, answered and said unto him, and you can't really say Jesus the Christ apart from it. That's right. Right. You can't say that was a southern man revealing the southern man without it. Right? Glory to God. Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see or understand the kingdom of God. Nicodemus said unto him, "How can a man be born when he is old?" Right? Um, let me keep reading. Uh, how can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter the second time into his mother's womb and be born? And Jesus answered, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except the man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God." That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of of the spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto you, to thee, you must be born again. All right, I wanted to skip down. Let's get down to the 15th verse. It says um 14th. It says, "And as Moses was lifted the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the son of man be lifted up that whosoever watch this. Whosoever believeth in him, that's the word, right? That's the complete understanding of the word. That's not part understanding, right?" Amen. that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. I I'm I'mma it's more I I got more scripture but I'mma close here. The the thing for me and what brother Brandham was just trying to bring us was true understanding. Yes, sir. Right. See, we we could try to hold on to that and then when this disundering comes, you reject that. It's a real indication that you really don't understand your Bible. Right. Glory. Because brother Brandham let the musicians make their way. Brother Brandham's scope was a whole lot deeper, right? Is that right? Glory to God. It was a whole lot deeper. And not it wasn't something outside of the word, right? But the scope of what he was bringing us was just different. It was different in that it was the original thinking, man. the things that that we look at, man, we look back in our old churches and stuff like that, we be like, man, we were lost. We were just lost with a bunch of traditions and, you know, 100 women in white and 50 men in black and little cheering in red and just all kind of, you know, all kind of uh things to raise money. Brother Jack know what I'm talking about. Doc, we need to be We just need you over here. You just need me to raise you some money to pay your bills. That's all that is. It ain't even about what I'm preaching. It's about getting more people in here. More people, more money. That's right. That's it. I need my rent paid today. Come on over. Brother D be like that. I preach and he's a friend of mine. I've known him since we were kids. eight, nine years old. Doc, I want you to come preach for I All right, you sure? I'll come now. I came, they took up a offering. They took it to the back. I get Doc, man, see if you can get out get out there and get them people get I said, "Bro, I don't do that." I just straight up told him that I I don't raise money. I am not good at that. I never raise the money because the prophet said he didn't raise money. I don't raise the money. I if if we do it the way the Bible says do it, we'll be all right. You got, you know, and if you'll look at things right, cuz it can't be off of the word. Building funds and all that, that's scriptural. Those things are scriptural. It's not something off of the word, right? And if you do it like that, God God will bless it. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] Thank you [Music] Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, I just for Thank you, Lord. You've been mighty good to me. You been so good. You be so [Music] good. Oh, thank you Lord. Say thank you [Music] Lord. Oh thank you Lord. Will thank you Lord. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Brother Jerry, don't worry about that. I'll got another plan. I appreciate um Brother Smiley uh on today. the matching piece. Um, and you know, he was there's there's a lot, you know, that was just being um uh spoken there. And I I know that um um um often times people just misunderstand us when we when we kind of share some of the things that we share and we've been accused of being arrogant and and all of that. But you know the scripture was very plain that he read um say he that uh the sign's going to follow them that believe but those that believe not was going to be damned. The the question was what what do you believe? What was Jesus speaking of when he said he that believeth not would be damned? Right? and and and and he was just really bringing it out so so plain. You know, if your ticket is not matching at the end, you can forget about it. I mean, I I don't care. I don't care how much you jumped and shouted and did all these. If your ticket is not a match at the end, it will not work. You ain't get no laundry. You ain't going to no rapture. Praise God. But I I just appreciate this message. I appreciate, you know, what God has given us. And you know, and I know through love, God will bring, you know, uh, different ones will be restored back to this truth. But, uh, I it's he hit it right on the head. I' I've seen it in many of situations. Uh, hurt people do hurt people. And as as he mentioned out, I was I was out in c in Canada a few years ago. the brother that put out the Believe the Sign um stuff. He was a song leader in the church and uh and they wouldn't necessarily receive some of the things that he was doing. So like one of the things that he would do is he would have rehearsals at his house with all the musicians and other song leaders and he would play um music from Elvis and he say this is what we need to be sounding like. So when people say no dang what we trying to sound like he get hurt, right? Because people ain't receiving your false revelation here, right? And now you get hurt and now you go put out something like this and next and and all you do is minister to other hurt people. And if you if you just got just a little something in you and this is how it's exposed. Now I'm being honest with you. If you just got a little bit of something in you, something that you ain't been able to forgive somebody for that little bit of something right there, the devil can take that and anoint it and you find yourself so far out here. I'm going to tell you something. You got to guard your spirit. You got to protect your spirit and you got to feed your spirit the word, right? I mean, because that's that's where people need healing at is in their spirit. It it's it's not necessarily on the flesh, but it's in the spirit and it's manifested in the flesh. But I I tell you, I if if if you don't recognize these things, you you'll just be so so swept away. And he's so right about all these new preachers, y'all, we can't listen to everybody. Everybody call theirself pastor ain't ain't really no pastor. A lot of these guys, they they they they not pastors. They they they are hirelings and uh they come just to take money that I mean they realize church is a big business and they take advantage of God's people but these people are not ministers of the gospel of Christ. I mean all kind of stuff that they coming up with so far away from the word of God and we just be sitting there listening. Soon as you see them as soon as you hear them go off one time you uhuh that's it. I'm done with that. I'm turning this off because there are spirits inside of this and all they want to do is anoint your flesh. No, we trying to go to go to go to heaven. We need the matching peace. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Thank God for the word today. I certainly appreciate brother Smiley. Amen. Amen. Let's um have a word of prayer and uh we'll prepare to uh dismiss on today. We'll be back on um Wednesday night. Amen. Oh, let me just mention something. Um I was um uh um being that I was away, usually I'm here to kind of do setup and things like that with the brothers, but um I was away this week and uh the brothers came in and did a wonderful job getting everything all set up. Appreciate you, brothers, so much. Um Amen. And um we um uh usually brother Maris always brings his two sons. He'll go home and and make sure he bring uh um Xavier and Xander, you know, back. Uh and uh this I guess they got to playing around on the instruments uh this week and brother brother Jerry took hold of the keyboard and and Xander took hold of the drums and I say, "Well, Lord have mercy." Uh and uh so I I I don't know what the Lord's plan is. I I'm encouraged. I tell you what, I I got very encouraged today. Uh that song, Sister Sheree song, and then even Brother Smiley. God got everything under control. Let's just let's just wait on the Lord. But I I I'm just I think we might have to somehow bring out the instruments on Wednesday nights because we got some new musicians that are coming forth and they need opportunity uh to be able to express their gifts. Now, in order for them to express their gifts means that somebody going to have to make a sacrifice and help with these instruments, putting them together and breaking them down. And we have to do that until the Lord delivers us. But uh but but but we want to just I think we're going to have to kind of shift some things to Wednesday night a little bit just so that these gifts can have room to mature and and develop and grow. You know, that's we used to have Friday night service years ago and that's was the time where everybody got their gifts uh to just to flourish a little bit. Song leaders learn how to song lead on Friday nights. The musicians learn how to play. We and and that's how God developed the next generation. So So we gonna have to figure out something. Amen. But we want these gifts just kind of go forward. I've been I've been I've been waiting to try to get um um uh brother Josiah on his bass. He be sitting here, but he got a bass guitar that Feller can play, but we got to give him space to be able to play. So So Wednesday night, bring your bass guitar. We'll put sand on the drums and and we going we going to we going to just do things a little different. All right. All right. We're going to do things a little different. Amen. So I tell you brothers, if y'all would help me. Amen. We'll we'll we'll get these gifts going forward. So thank y'all so much for what y'all did on Friday night. I I saw that and I was encouraged. I said, "Yeah, we got to we got to make things happen." So we're going to pull these instruments out on Wednesdays. Amen. We used to just keep them in, but we going to pull them out. Amen. Especially now we got our our musicians here. Amen. We can use them right here on Wednesday night. So, just need a little help, brothers. Just need a little help. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for Lord, just uh the way that you have come down to minister to us, God, through this sermon that your servant uh just brought it. It's all about that matching piece. We can't uh sugarcoat the word. We can't Lord just uh begin to amend the word. We can't do those things because that peace will not match at the end. And Father, we we realize that it has to be word upon word, line upon line, precept upon precept. Father, that's that's the way we have to believe it. And uh God, we we can't deviate because we know the scripture says that those that would add to the word uh they would have their names taken from the the Lamb's book of life, those that would also uh take away from the word that have their name taken from the Lamb's book of life. We don't want to be identified in that group. So help us to hold fast to the word of God. We ask that you continue to use your servant. Bless them, Lord. Thank you for uh all that you did with him on last weekend and this weekend. Some upcoming services that you've uh called him to go before him, Lord. Bless them, Father. Even as this sermon would go out, we ask that you would use it for the glory uh of yourself and that people would be strengthened and encouraged by the word that is given to them. Lord, we just trust that as we prepare to leave this place but not your presence, that we would leave, Lord, meditating and thinking on what we've heard here today. God, we trust, Lord, that the spirit of God would keep us and till we're able to come back together again on Wednesday night. And uh Lord, may you just continue to minister to our hearts and to our needs. We give you the glory. We give you the honor. We give you the praise for you alone are worthy. It's in Jesus' name that we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We'll have the brothers come at this time uh to dismiss us. Amen. We'll be back on Wednesday night 7:30. Amen. For service. God bless [Music] you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat.
