################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-24 - The Body of Christ I - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (09-24-2025) - Quintin Fulgham Jnr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-24
Title:    The Body of Christ I - Bro Quintin Fulgham Jnr (09-24-2025)
Speaker:  Quintin Fulgham Jnr
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4luCEa-i78
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Blessed asssurance. Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. Oh, born of his spirit. Washed, washed in his blood. what he did for me and what he did for me on Calvary is more than enough. Hey, I trust in God. My savior, the one who will never He will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never He will never fail. He will never fail. perfect submission. Oh, all is at rest. And I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my steps. So this is my story. Yes, Lord. And this is my song. Praise him. I'm praising my ris king and savior all the day long. [Music] That's why I trust in God my savior. The one who will never he will never fail. He will never fail. I saw the Lord and I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God my savior. The one who will never He will never fail. He will never fail. I trust. I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never he will never fail. My God is too good. He will never fail. He won't. Amen. Amen. My God will never fail. They say my God will hasn't failed me yet. Amen. I'm not expecting him to. He's undefeated. Forever to zero. He's undefeated. Amen. Um, I just ask you to bow your heads while we say a prayer over the service. Dear precious Lord, Lord God, thank you Lord God for your presence to come down on us on a Wednesday, Lord. Lord, we just want to thank you, Lord, for being able to be in the house, Lord God. Not having any ailments, Lord God. Not having anything to hold us back, Lord God. There's so many things that can derail us, Lord God, on this journey, Lord God. But you are with us with every step, Lord God. Lord God, you are you the only God. You are the mighty God, the highest, the King of Kings, Lord. Lord, we're just so thankful, Lord, that you you put us here tonight, Lord God. Lord God, we just ask, Lord, that you bless our brother as he come out, Lord God, and he minister your word, heavenly father. Lord, let it create such an atmosphere, Lord, that it create restoration and change, Lord God. Lord, and no matter what goes on in service, may you get all the glory out of it, Lord God. for you are God alone Lord Jesus and we love you and appreciate you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. I just ask you to sing this song with me and then we're going to invite invite the brother out pastor out. He's here. Thank brother Jack out. So you are God. You are God. You were not a god created my human hands. You were not a god creating money to your man. There we go. You are not a god in need of anything we can give and by your plan. That's just the way. It's just the way it is. Oh, you are God alone. From before time began, you were on your throne. You were God alone. And right now and the good times and bad you were on your throne. You were God alone. Oh, you're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy. Everything we can give. You are God and that's just the way it is. Oh, you are God alone from before time. Oh, your throne. Oh, you are God. Oh, and right now in the good times and bad, well, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Sing it again. Say, you are God alone. And from before time began, yes, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. and from before time began. Yes, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. And in right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. For you are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. Oh, you're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Oh, you're unstoppable. Oh, that's what you are. You are God alone. You are God alone. And from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. For you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, oh you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. For you are God alone. Hallelujah. He's worthy to be praised. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. Um, just wanted to uh introduce brother uh brother Quentyn tonight. He'll be coming to minister uh to our hearts and uh really thank God for him and and all the other brothers that the Lord has blessed us with. Amen. And we look for opportunities that we can get a chance to hear these brothers just minister to our our needs. So, Brother Quinton's going to come, amen, in his own special way tonight. Amen. and let's say praise the Lord uh as he comes. Amen. God bless you. Let's put our uh let's give him a clap offering. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] God bless you saints. Uh if the musicians could play real real softly as we um we go before the Lord in a word of prayer uh before we start the evening. Oh precious Lord God, we come before you oh Lord God and we want to thank you oh Lord God for this opportunity oh Lord Jesus Christ to come before your feet to worship you oh Lord God. Lord we know that you are indeed worthy oh Lord God and you are the lamb oh Lord Jesus Christ. You are the one, oh Lord God, who was fore orained before the world, the foundation of the world, oh Lord God, to be our savior, to be our deliverer, to be our healers, to be our provider, oh Lord God, to be our protector, oh Lord God. And Lord, because of this, oh Lord God, you've sent to us in this hour, oh Lord, a message, oh Lord God, that caught on to our heart, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, there are millions upon, maybe billions in the world, oh Lord, that call themselves Christians, oh Lord God, and they pray to you and they cry out to you, oh Lord God. But Lord, I I like to think, oh Lord God, not to be uh just to kind of stay humble about it. When we say something, oh Lord God, it does something a little bit different for you, oh Lord God, when you hear our voice, oh Lord God, when you hear our prayers, oh Lord Jesus Christ, oh Lord, Lord, when you see us crying out in distress and worry, oh Lord God, when you hear that sound of our voice, our personal voice, oh Lord God, I believe, oh Lord God, it does something greater, oh Lord God, than all of the other cries in the world, oh Lord God. Oh Lord, and this is because you fashioned us like yourself, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Lord, we're crying out with your voice, oh Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord, your word is the only thing that you respect, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Lord, we thank you, oh Lord God. Lord, you've answered our prayer. You've you you've answered our needs, oh Lord God, before the battle even started, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, a lot of us, oh Lord, can look back in our lives, oh Lord God, and we can see how far you've brought us, oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, some of us were in the muck. Oh Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, some of us were rebellious. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, some of us didn't even want nothing to do with church. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, but because of your love, oh Lord Jesus Christ, because of your mercy, oh Lord God, because of your favor, oh Lord God, Lord, you picked us up, oh Lord God, and not only did you pick us up, oh Lord God, you forgave all of our sins and you cleansed us, oh Lord God. And not only did you just forgive our sins and clean us, cleanse us, oh Lord God, but Lord, you said that we would be the apple of your eye, oh Lord God, we would deserve a spot, oh Lord, in heaven right next to you, oh Lord God. So Lord, we just thank you for this favor that you've given us, oh Lord God. Touch the people, oh Lord God. Lord, you see the needs on their heart, oh Lord God. But Lord, we know you already have the answer, oh Lord God. Oh Lord, the salvation question, oh Lord, it was answered before uh uh Adam took one step on the on the earth. Oh Lord Jesus Christ. So now Lord, we can stand with confidence knowing that before we get into something, oh Lord, the answer has already been there. It's already there. Oh Lord God, Lord, help us just to praise you. Oh Lord God, no matter how tough it gets, oh Lord God, you are a worthy God, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, let nothing but praise and worship come through our lips, oh Lord God, for you truly and deeply deserve all, oh Lord God, and we ask it in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. So we will get right into the word. Thank you, magicians. Um so before you take your seats, we're going to do our um our scripture reading out of Revelation uh 19 uh7. And just say amen once you get there. All right. And it reads, "Let us be glad and rejoice." Uh, and I like that because it's God telling us that, yeah, no matter how we're feeling, no matter what we're going through, we might be sad, we might be uh have a low countenance, but uh God here can give us the words for us to be glad and to rejoice. Right? And it says, "And give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready." And may the Lord add a blessing to his word as you may be seated. Uh so the title of my message if uh if you could pull up the slides uh created some slides for us to go through. The title of the message the Lord gave me was the body of Christ with a subtitle of positioned for a rapture. &gt;&gt; All right. And so we're going to go back uh to the vision that we uh the quote that we did before in the previous message. We talked I talked about the true church of God and we went through the uh the prophecy that was fulfilled. We're going to go through back. We're going to go back onto that. It's uh preach. It's the acts of the Holy Spirit preached in 54, paragraph uh 87. We're just going to read a little bit of it. We won't read the whole entire thing. Um and I'll just start reading it. And it says go, you can go and we're going to go all the way down to the uh sentence that starts with and and I tell you. And I'll just start reading it. And it says, "And I tell you that the true church of God will be drove together, the real true believers." Right? So God God knows that these people are are are real believers. They believe the word of God. They believe every word. And notice where they're coming from. Out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, whatever they'll be, will be together and cemented by the love of God. And this is the statement we want to focus on. that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. All the believers, right? All the believers will make up the body of God. And so I remember before we talked about we had a lesson on the spiritual gifts in the church. If you remember me uh teaching about that uh emphasizing how the the gifts uh the gifts in the church do make up the body. But now we want to place an emphasis on a rapturing body. All right? not just a body doing a service on a work uh on the on the earth. So, you know, we have there's many singers, great singers out there. You have great ministers out there. You have saints with gifts of healing and great gifts of faith. Uh all of these great gifts. But if they don't have the light of their day, right? If they don't have the word that has been revealed in this end time, uh it means that they are a sleeping virgin, right? Meaning that they will miss a rapture. They won't make a rapture, right? So we have to go beyond just the gifts. Amen. Uh Paul said, "If I have if I if I don't have love, right, but all the gifts, it profit profitth me nothing." Right? Uh Paul taught us that thing, which is why the um the rapture couldn't come in the Pentecostal age, right? Even though it was a great age, uh the Pentecostal age, if you if you read what happened there, it brought people from all races together that normally hated each other, right? So it was a big movement. and the gifts were pouring out, but it still didn't bring a rapture. Right? With all of that togetherness, with all of that love and that uh they had together in that uh in that gathering, it still did not produce a rapture, &gt;&gt; right? Um so we can say that they were still living in shadows, right? And you can't make a rapture living in the shadows. Uh and I like how the uh the prophet talked about or the Bible talks about the foolish virgins and the 144,000. How when at during the tribulation when they're being killed off for their faith, they'll call out to God, right, to avenge their blood. They'll call out to God to judge for what the people have done for them. And if you and the prophet said that that showed that they were not bribe material, they were very, very good people, right? They had gifts flowing and everything, but when it came time to forgive their enemy, there something they could not do, &gt;&gt; right? But the bride when we look to contrast to the bride when the bride is persecuted right she says Lord forgive them for they know not what they do right showing that she is a spitting image of Christ himself right so the body has to be positioned a certain way in order to make a rapture it won't just be anybody and I like to think about it this way how you know if you were if let's say we had a football game and someone had wrote up a play right and they wanted you to be at a certain point at at a certain time in order for the ball to get to your hand. And if you follow through with a play and you make the catch and you score, you know, you get all the glory. And that's kind of like how the rapture is. God is looking for a particular person to be at a particular position at a particular time so that they'll be caught away, right? And if you don't, if let's say if you were going onto this route and you missed it, right? Well, then you don't get the glory, right? And you're going to have opposition, right? You'll always have opposition, but that's why God said to he that overcomemeth will he grant. So you have to fight your way into your position, right? Getting to the rapture will not be a easy thing. When Christ was getting to his rapture, he had to go through a cross which meant he had to fight. But instead of using his words in his hands, he was fighting with love. Right? So that's how we have to be too. Now, man has their own ideas how, you know, the rapture should be. You know, we've had this big thing that came up where everybody thought the rapture was happening yesterday. It was all over Tik Tok and stuff. So, everybody got their idea about what when the rapture is going to happen and what time is it going to be and everybody's looking for it and you know, we're still here right now. So, you're right. So, man has their own ideas about these things, but we want God's ideas, right? So, if you could pull up, I believe it's the third slide with the um the slide with the umbrellas right there. All right. So, you've probably seen these images shared on social media, and I really do like them. I like Well, I like this one here. The first one by Bill Gother. Uh this is a de denominational preacher, and he has, you know, the biblical order of the family where we see Christ, husband, wife, and children. And I like that because that is uh that does uh we find that in the Bible as um you know Paul uh talked about how these things should be ordered. But then there were this there was there's this group of people that didn't appreciate that structure and they said that it uh with the husband on top it it it it uh it um gave into the patriarchy and stuff like that. So they decided to come up with their own image right here on the um on the right of this thing, right? And so has Christ. And so you see the pastor, the daughter, the husband, the wife, the son, the neighbor, and they're all on the same level and they threw a little scripture under there. And you know, you have to be careful about when people throw give you try to give you interpret try to give you interpretations and then throw a scripture at you. &gt;&gt; When Jesus was tempted by Satan, he gave him the scripture. &gt;&gt; So you have to be able to pierce through these things to see, okay, what is your intention behind these things? And a lot of these people were attacking how the husband was in a certain position, right? And so we're going to kind of go through this thing because I do like this one left by Bill Gother, but like I said, he was a denominational preacher. So if you take this structure to the Catholic church, you'll get a Catholic revelation with it. If you take it to a Baptist church, you'll get a Baptist revelation with it. But I believe that I'm sitting here with the pleasure to talk to some eagles that don't have a denominational stand, but they have been revealed the message. So we want to take this thing and kind of maybe elevate it, right, to uh show the revelation that we have uh today. Um and so if you could turn to the next slide uh in the next one, not this one. Right. So here we go. This is the slide I was inspired to come up with that is and it's probably a little bit hard for you to read, but I'll go through and read it. Uh uh here's a here's something called I I call it the body of Christ. And at the top you'll see it's Jesus Christ. And the next uh next diagram down you'll see it's trust. We'll get to what that means. And then below that we have major prophets, right? And then below the major prophets we have the five-fold ministry. And then below the five-fold ministry we have men. And then below below the men we have women. And below the women, we have children. Right? So, this is a little bit more different because I wanted to incorporate well, yes, we want a family structure under Christ, but we want something tailored that can help us see the light for our day. And you cannot have a light for your day without a major prophet being over all of these things in a closest position to Christ. Right? So, this diagram is actually a spiritual diagram. Uh because Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." So that's why you have Christ and then you have the major prophets. And then Paul said the five-fold ministry was given for the perfecting of the saints. So saints, you can't perfect yourself. A saint cannot perfect himself. Right? The scripture says so. And if a saint cannot perfect themselves, how can you make a rapture? &gt;&gt; All right? &gt;&gt; God is looking for a perfect body. And we're going to get to that a little bit uh a little bit later. how important perfection uh perfection is. And then Paul of course said you know husbands love your wives and wife wives submit to your husbands. And then uh we also have here where the children are under the men and women as you know children obey your parents right. So um and I just kind of want to take a pause here because um you know uh when we talk about the rapture a lot it tends I feel like it tends to be aimed at a lot of older people right um but you know you kids and children you guys can make a rapture too &gt;&gt; right? So a lot of times we know we talk about you know when the rapture happens you'll get a body change from old to young but you know you kids that are outside of that 18 to 21 year old range you'll get a body change from young younger to young right so when brother Brandham his baby daughter her name was Sharon Rose when she died he saw her as a baby but when God granted him a vision to go up in heaven and this this young lady came up to him it's like who is this right? &gt;&gt; 18-year-old, 20-year-old looking woman and it was his little baby girl, right? So, she got a body change going up. &gt;&gt; So, you you young young people don't think that you you can't receive revelation. The rapture is for a predestinated seed. It has nothing to do with age. It has to has all to do with who God's name put in the lamb's book of life. So that means that, you know, if all the adults in the world catch revelation that they're the bride, but there's this 15-year-old girl in South America that has not caught revelation, but her name is on the book. Until she knows who she is, the rapture will not happen. &gt;&gt; She may think she's 15 and insignificant, but until she catches revelation because her name is there, the rapture will not uh uh will take off. So, we need children to know they have position two. Don't think that just because, you know, people are talking down to me or I gotta obey my parents. No, we want to prepare you for a rapture as well, right? God won't rapture a disobedient child. You can't when if if the rapture comes and God comes on earth and he sees that a child has a disobedient spirit, I can't see God rapturing somebody like that, right? He's calling us out of all of these all of these things, right? So, I like this diagram, you know, because it's uh it's it's it's helping to prepare the uh the church for a rapture and and I like it too because did you know that families can also be raptured, right? Even though it's an individual walk, it is true families can be raptured. So, if you could turn to the message uh thy house preached in 61, we're going to read paragraphs uh 13 113 and then 113 through 118. All right. So, paragraph 113. This is uh brother talking to brother Brandham. Brother Brandham's like, "All right, Jimmy, have you got them, my boy?" Brother Jimmy Evans reads the question for brother Brandham. And this is the question. When the rapture takes place, will all believers, families, wives, and children go? They are in faith and trust in Jesus Christ as Lord. and one paragraph 114 brother Brandham says yes yes will all the family go in the rapture see yes see uh now if you notice the rapture is going to be a universal thing so wouldn't that be a lovely thing that you know you are you have prepared yourself for a rapture and as and then when when the rapture begins to take place it's not only you just going but all your family that is with you was going uh to the marriage supper as well, right? Can you imagine brother Maris just being raptured up and then when he as he's going up and being translated, he sees his wife and every single one of his kids going with him to the marriage supper. Wouldn't that be a lovely thing? A lot of times we tend to think about the rapture, it is an individual walk, but that would be such a blessing that if you were to be raptured and every single one of your loved ones was going up in the sky with you as well. &gt;&gt; We have these kind of faith, right? We have this kind of word that the prophet has given us. Now reading in uh verses 116 through 117 he says now we was talking talking today the brethren you say well brother Brandham if you believe the rapture is that close and why why do you go fishing if I put my mind to it constantly it would almost run you wild when you think of the tens of thousands of people out here in sin that don't know Christ and think that here I am what can I do but here's what here's what I think I cannot save one unless God has called them. See, I can't do it &gt;&gt; and I couldn't say them anyhow. But all the father has given me will come to me. &gt;&gt; So he don't tell me where to go. Then what can I do? You see, and I want to give you encouragement because you may have loved ones that are out there, but if God wrote their name on the book, you don't have to be worrying. A lot of times people that you might be praying every single day and you're stressed out and you're Lord, when are they coming in? Lord, when are they coming in? Don't do that, right? Just get up, eat you a nice big breakfast, go on your day smiling. If God wrote their name on the book, when you rise up, they will rise up too with you wherever they are. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When we thank God uh uh for these pre these precious promises uh that he has given us, right? So that's why so that's why I like this diagram because it places emphasis on, you know, I want to we want to get people we want to get the family ready for a rapture. We want to that if if God could give us the faith, we want all of our loved ones to make it. So, we have to have something different than what the world has, &gt;&gt; right? So, in order to truly understand uh this positioning and to gain uh more of appreciation uh for it, we have to go way back into the beginning to pick up on some of the things that God showed us in scripture. And it's good to see how God has how God did things through history because it allows us to have more appreciation and to thank him, you know, for what he's done because when you think about the um the first age saints and it was a time of life, a time of so much light, but they all had to give up their life for Christ. They had to go through some gruesome deaths. But here we are in an age where we have a life where we can just bypass death. So we don't have to die for Christ. So it's it's it's it's good to see how God done done things uh in the past and how he's doing things now just to give us more of a appreciation. And we also want to est want to see how he established and why he established these things before we elaborate on each of the roles. So we're going to go to the next slide right and this is going to be a slide where we have just um Jesus and Adam and this was the original position right. So when God created the garden, it was just Jesus and Adam, right? There was no real positioning because Adam was the direct spoken word of God, right? He had every single authority that God had, right? So then after the creation of Adam's wife, if we go to the next slide, uh we're going to see, and you don't ignore those little arrows. It's supposed to be like a little circle going around, but now we see Jesus Christ, Adam, and Adam's wife. And you'll notice how we have those words uh trust and faith uh on the side. Uh they were living in a perfect faith. They were living in a perfect trust. It was implicit meaning they didn't have to um they didn't have to put any effort in order to build their faith. So when we come to church, you know, we'll have the song leader will come up. And what he's trying to do is he's trying to he's trying to encourage your faith. He's trying to lift up your faith. He's trying to build your faith in Christ. He's trying to build your trust in Christ so when the word comes forth, you can have faith. But they didn't have any of that in the garden. It was just so implicit, right? It was so natural, right? Um but then we have the fall. So if we can turn to the next slide here. Um and this is after the fall, right? So here we still have Jesus uh trust. Here we have Jesus uh protecting his family. But now notice trust is in his own circle, right? So that shows that now the trust has been broken. Right? Now man has broke the trust and God can't trust him like he did before. Right? So now we have this circle of trust that's been placed around them. Right? And uh um and it's going to help us to illustrate and give give more clarity to how we look at these different positions that uh that we'll see. Uh and trust uh if you know trust is a two-way street. So God isn't only wanting us to trust in him but God wants to have trust in you. God wants to be able to give a word to you or God wants to be able you for you to go out into a certain situation without praying and he wants to see how you're just going to naturally handle it because he wants to trust that the seed he placed on inside of you would just take fruition right so now we see this this uh the structure that we have here and we see that Eve she fell right she fell fell fell right but Adam fell a little bit right So even though both of them fell, God had more trust in Adam than he did with Eve, right? And we'll get to that a little bit uh later on because it's important to understand uh these uh these positioning roles. And so one of the things is I don't know who the first prophet in the Bible was. Um I looked I was looking I was reading an interesting verse that talked about Abel and stuff, but I couldn't see anything the uh that the prophet said about it. Um but we what I do know from looking in the messages is that Enoch was a prophet, right? Enoch was a prophet in the lineage of uh of Adam. So now we have this structure. If you could turn to the to the next slide, right? So now we have the Enoch age. We have Jesus Christ. We have trust and we have this thing called a major prophet. So it's important for us to understand that not only was Enoch a prophet, but he was a major prophet, right? Major prophet. I know it's kind of hard to see. It's the yellow uh uh circle right there. But Enoch was a major prophet. So, we're going to read a little bit from the Leodysian church age. Um uh it doesn't give a year that it was preached, but I just put some words up there for you to search search it by. We're going to come through here and see what the prophet had to say uh about this. Um and I can start reading. All right. So he says here before we close this section on the messenger of the Leodysian age, we must seriously consider these two thoughts. So this is something that the prophet really wants us to uh dig dig deep down into our souls. Right? First, this age, which is our age, will have one prophet messenger. Revelation 10:7 says, "When he singular shall begin to sound, there has never been an age where God gave his people two major prophets at one time. He gave Enoch alone. He gave Noah alone. He gave Moses. He alone had the word though through though others prophesies." And that's where we see the five-fold ministry kind of come in. John the Baptist came alone. Now in his last day, there is to be a prophet. And notice he says, "Not a prophetist, &gt;&gt; though in this age there are more women purporting to give God's revelation than man." And we want to stop there just a little bit because it's so true. Uh I've noticed that how, you know, on social media, it's a lot more women that are pushing the gospel than guys are pushing the gospel, right? Uh, and it's uh it's it's it's it shows how different, you know, the message church is because one of the things as long as I've been in the message, I've never seen a female, you know, give the word, right? So, I feel I I believe that the message is one of the few belief systems out there where they don't have uh females, you know, giving the word. Even the Catholic Church, though, they're dirty dogs, right? They don't ordain female priest. I went online and I said if a if a if a Catholic uh female priest were tried to uh you know say that she's a a cardinal or whatever the the Catholic church they excommunicated. They're like nope we not associated with this thing. Right? So, and I thought that was pretty interesting because brother Brandham said that if you go if you go and talk to these people, you'll see that these denominations, they have all these debates, you know, Catholicism versus Protestant, and they're trying to convert each other. They're trying to prove each other. Uh uh they're trying to show which one is right. And you know, a lot of that, you know, the uh females in the pulpit, you see that in a lot of the Protestant religion, especially the Pentecostals. And it's like, you can't convince a Catholic that your religion is right with a female taking charge, they will not believe that. They'll not believe something like that. And God has children in Catholicism, right? It's kind of like, you know, if you tell if you if you go to a homeless person on the street and they're eating out of a trash can, you're like, you tell them, you know, I I know a better trash can than that, right? Like, no homeless person, that's not going to make a homeless person excited. Right? Now, if you go to a homeless person, you say, "Hey, man, I got a house for you. You got hot water, got cold water, you got AC, you got a bed and stuff, then that's something that could get them excited." And so, when we go to these denominations, we got to bring them something that's pure, right? And the message that we've been given today is something that is familiar to any seat of God. And when they hear that, they'll know, hold on a second, this is different from what I've heard from these churches, or this is different from what I heard from in my church. Right? So we have to bring them something that is pure, something that is different, something that is original, right? To catch their attention. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. And so continuing on with this um continuing on with this quote that he said here uh and and the and it says here, "And the infallible word says that he the prophet will this is these are important things. He will reveal the mysteries to the end time people and turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers." Right. Those are um those are uh those are important things we want to keep in our our minds because we want to make sure that we know there are no mysteries with us. You want to make sure that there is no there is no mysteries not revealed to you. And you also want to make sure that your heart has been turned back to God so that you can now claim to be under this certain ministry. Right? So we're going to focus on right now the prophet saying well he will reveal the mysteries. Like I said, we want to see how God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, going back to uh brother Enoch, right, who we know was a major prophet uh prophet. Uh now, according to Adam's generational lineage, we know that Enoch was the seventh generation from Adam, &gt;&gt; right? Uh Enoch was the seventh generation from Adam. And we also know that Enoch was the first person ever in history to be raptured and translated. That's what the prophet said. the prophets, the Bible says he walked with God until he was translated. So, we want to kind of get uh um we kind of want to get in depth for this thing to kind of see exactly what's going on here. So, we're going to go read Genesis uh chapter 5:es 1 through3. Uh and just say amen once you get there so we can kind of go through this thing. So, I'll start reading. It says here, "This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man in the likeness of God made he, male and female created he them and blessed them and called their name Adam in the day when they were created. And Adam lived 130 years and begott a son in his own likeness. and after his and after his image and called his name Seth. And and the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were 870 800 800 years and he begot uh sons and uh daughters, right? So we see here, right, the Bible establishes how this is the righteous lineage of God, right? Because we know Cain had his own lineage, but this is the righteous lineage coming directly uh uh from God, right? And so after Seth because we know that Abel was of course of course killed. So after Seth you know there were other sons of God. There was Enos, Canaan, Mahalel, Jared and then there was Enoch. So we see here that there were righteous sons of God before Enoch, right? And and a righteous generation a righteous generations and sons of God after Enoch too. But Enoch did something different in from them in order to get a rapture. Even though all of these sons of God were righteous and they were sons of God, right? So I I I come to say this is that, you know, you don't want to just be a good person, right? We don't want to just be good people in church. We don't want to be just uh uh tithe payers and, you know, we we we pay our offering and we show up to church every single Sunday and we we sing and we we're good people and stuff like that. No, we want to we want to we want to know is there more to God than this? We want to make sure that we can get whatever God has the most that God has to offer. We want to make sure that we have every single bit of this thing, right? To make us different, right? And so, you know, in Luther's age, in Wesley's age, in the Pentecostal age, you know, these were all very good people and sons and daughters of God, but the rapture didn't happen during their time because they were missing something, right? So, if I had if I had a a if I had a phone where I could just call heaven and I could talk to Enoch, I would ask him, "Enoch, what did you do different? What made you different than Seth? What made you different than Enos? What made you different than all of these other righteous sons of God? What what was it about your walk that got you translated?" You know, well, we thank we thank the prophet that he had these answers for us. So, in the message, the great the great coming revival and the outpouring of the Holy Ghost preached in 54 uh and it's going to be paragraph uh 14. And we're just going to read just uh just one sentence from that. I'll just go ahead and read that real quick. It says here, Enoch had preached and many others. So, Enoch had a message, right? Enoch had a message during this time. And if you remember, Enoch had a father. He had a mother. He had a grandfather. He had a grandmother. He had uncles. He had aunts. He had cousins. He had a wife. The Bible says he even had a child. He had friends. But only Enoch was the person that was translated out of all of these people, right? So, you know, you can't you you know, especially like you children, you can't depend upon the relationship of your father and the relationship of your mother, right? In order for God to give you a rapture, right? And if you're uh if you're a father or mother, if your child has a revelation, you can't depend upon the revelation of your child, you know, you can't depend upon the revelation of your son or the daughter. You got to have something. God has to give you something uh for yourself, right? So when it comes to predestination, uh uh uh it is not family affiliation is t in a in a sense is taken out of the equation. And that's why uh if you notice on the slide, I like how I put here Enoch, the Enoch age, I put hidden ministry, right? This was something that only Enoch knew during that time. All right? So, you have to have revelation uh for yourself. So, the Bible says Enoch walked the W walk. So, that means people saw him and they must have saw that there was something different about Enoch than everybody else, right? They must have saw that you know Enoch he's just different from he just the the things he talk about like I just don't understand what he's saying is his son probably like dad I just don't know what you're talking about he would talk to his wife and his wife's like honey I don't know what you are talking about right and um I and that's just to let you know like when you go into the workplace when you go into your school you know denominational Christians should see something different about you right you guys should not be on the same level you know, a denominational Christian should be able to shouldn't be able to talk to you and say, "Oh, yeah, yeah, he's a Christian just like me." No, no, no. They got to see there's something peculiar about you, right? The way the things that you believe, the the the things that you say, the way you walk, right? They got to say, "Nah, you're different. Like, I've been in church, but nah, this person right here, they're a little bit more different." Right? Because we're looking, we're also looking at patterns and how, you know, how God has done things, right? So, let's see why Enoch was uh uh uh different. You know, I can imagine some of his family members, you know, they saw Enoch out here and they was like, "Man, Enoch, you're always out there building on this pyramid, right? You're always out there working on this pyramid." Because uh the history books would tell you that the Egyptians built the pyramids, but the prophet said that Enoch was the first person to build a pyramid, right? And this is why we can see this why this man was so special. So, we're going to go read the message, the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride, preached in 64. And it's going to be a lot of reading here. We're going to be reading paragraph 411 through 419. And I I'll start reading since it's it's it's so much here to read. Uh it says here, Brother Brandham illustrates to the blackboard, there is the great seal. Here it is. See the city? It's not just a flat cube like this, but it leans up so it can't be seen. And upon this holy mountain, the Lord shall descend upon uh top of the of his mountain. Here he is. That's the reason the capstone wasn't put on by Enoch. See, that's the reason the capstone has to come now in our age. And the mountain will be pushed up and it'll be the mount of the Lord. And in here will dwell the redeemed. These avenues, big freeways as it was, parks and the river life will draw, run through it. And every house will be made of transparent gold. and the streets will be made of gold and the trees. And he's talking about your future home, right? This is &gt;&gt; right. You got to have revelation that that's your address, right? You you got some property. You got some real estate on this mountain, right? And I love mountain property. Every time I go through Tennessee and I see the uh houses sticking out of the mountains, I love me some mountain property, right? It says, "And every house will be made of transparent gold, and the streets will be made of gold, and the trees of life will be there, and will bear 12 manners of fruit, and the kings and the honored man of the earth shall bring their honor and glory into the gates, and the gates shall not shut by night, because there is no night." And he says here, "In the city where the Lamb is the light." And we're going to go down to uh um uh paragraph 4:13. He says, "Don't you see the the the towns, the cities, the house, the dwellings are speaking of that right now? All these natural things are a shadow. Take a shadow at a distance like my hand. Before there could be a positive or a negative, there has to be a a positive." And you see that shadow. Look, I've got a dozen fingers. But then when you go to it to getting it closer, it focuses down to one and then the shadow fades into the hand. Right? So shadows, the purpose of a shadow is to be done away with once it gets to the original real thing, right? And that and that's a lot of time people think there's three or four gods. You're looking too far back in the early reformation. See, come on down now and you'll find focus in till there's one. That's exactly. There is one bride, not a dozen denom, not not a dozen denominations, but one bride that's the elected out of every out of out of the earth that's been predestinated to this. The ones who can recognize their place in the kingdom on this throne. Look so high, the new city with the foundations, 12 gates, Jesus the headstone, the apostles judging the 12 tribes. And I want to focus in on this uh paragraph 4:18. He says, "The pyramid of Enoch," the the pyramid that Enoch built cast no shadow, no time of the day. I've been in Egypt at the pyramids. It's so geographically fixed in the dimensions of this uh great geometrical figure that no matter where the sun is, there is never a shadow around the pyramid. See how it is, right? So, this kind of gives us an insight on the kind of revelation that Enoch had during this time. So the prophet taught us that there were three Bibles. God made three Bibles. The first Bible was the zodiac, right? That's what Job used to do to sacrifice to God. And also to re recognize if he made a sacrifice for his kids, God would receive it too. He read that in the stars. The third Bible is the one that every single one of us have right now. It's on paper. But the second Bible was the pyramid that Enoch built. Right? So when Enoch built a pyramid, the prophet said he built a pyramid which was a representation of the word where there were no shadows. When the light shined onto this thing, there were no shadows. &gt;&gt; So he had a revelation and type, right, of a word where there was no mysteries. &gt;&gt; No wonder the man was raptured, right? No wonder he was taken away. No wonder he walked the walk, right? He walked this walk that pleased God that nobody else could understand what this thing what was going on. And it's a type for us today that we too need a message today that has no shadows, right? No shadows. No mysteries, right? We can't be guessing. We have to know exactly where we stand. We have to be able and I like it because the prophet when when the prophet said that he unveiled the mysteries, right? What it did was it gave me and you the ability to go through the Bible and see Jesus Christ in every single verse. &gt;&gt; Right? And when you're able to identify Christ in all things, when the rapture come, you'll be able to identify him. Right? So that's why a lot of people are uh you know, you you tell these things to these people and they don't understand. They don't see they don't see Christ. You know, you have some of the uh the black Israelites, I guess what they call the religion that they got where they believe they're the true Israelites. You don't want to be no Jew, right? These people are walking around, they don't even know what they're saying, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; The Jews says, uh, the Bible says that only 144,000 Jews would be saved. &gt;&gt; But when the prophet went into heaven and he said, "Is Paul and Peter here?" The angel told him, "Yes, he's here." He said, "Well, I know I'll make it because, you know, I preach what they preach." And the Bible said the millions said we are resting on that. So why put your odds on 144,000 when there's millions. &gt;&gt; The prophet had millions behind him that was in heaven that was able to make a rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? We need a message today that has no shadows, no mysteries. Right? We want everything that God has for us. &gt;&gt; That's why, you know, and we'll get a little bit later on into this thing. I can kind you can kind of tell somebody's spirit by the way they treat a prophet. You can kind of tell what group they belong to just by how they treat the prophet's ministry. Right? So going going on with this, we see how Enoch, we can't say he had the spirit of Elijah, right? Because Elijah wasn't born yet, &gt;&gt; right? And because he didn't, the prophet said that he did not cap uh the pyramid uh uh on there, right? because it was a type. But he had a he had a ministry similar to it though because he was raptured, right? And the next person raptured after him was Elijah, &gt;&gt; right? And so I I I I say this to say that, you know, you have to be a pyramid builder, too, &gt;&gt; right? In this day and age, you all have to be we all have to be pyramid builders, right? Just like Enoch. And you might say, you know, well, I don't have an engineering degree, you know? I don't have I don't know. I don't know what it is. what would I use concrete? Do I use clay? Do I You might be asking these things and I'm not talking about that kind of uh pyramid. If you could turn to the next slide. &gt;&gt; Yes, brother. &gt;&gt; Right. The prophet gave us the building plan for a spiritual pyramid. Right. &gt;&gt; Starting with faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, uh godliness, brotherly kindness. And notice the capstone that Enoch couldn't put on his pyramid, right? which is the Holy Ghost for us today, right? And a lot of times it trips up. A lot of people get it tripped up, you know, especially a lot of young people, they get it mixed up about, you know, how do I know if I have the Holy Ghost, right? The prophet put it this way. If you say, if you recognize the message for your day and you're able to say amen and live the life because only God can live his word, right? Only God can live his word. So, we have to be pyramid builders in this time. And we also have to have a pyramid that has no shadows. That means, you know, if God shines a light on your life, you know, you can't be hiding anything. You know, some people want to drink. Some people want to drink in the message and if the light shines on there and it cast a shadow, &gt;&gt; you ain't ready yet. &gt;&gt; Some people say, you know, well, God created all the plants and for us to be able to use and stuff and God shines a shadow shines a light on that and cast a shadow. Nope. this thing ain't God won't cap the pyramid until it's perfect, &gt;&gt; right? God will not cap the pyramid until it's a perfect pyramid. &gt;&gt; You know, children, if you don't if you're not obeying your kids and God comes down and shines a light on that your uh your pyramid and there's a shadow, he won't cap the thing. You know, if you don't go to church, right? Oh, well, I listen to tapes, bro. If God shines a light of the five-fold ministry, then you cast in a shadow. God can't cap a pyramid like that. &gt;&gt; Right? You have to be perfect, &gt;&gt; right? You got to be perfect, &gt;&gt; right? So, so the difference with uh Enoch's ministry was that uh he revealed he he in type he revealed he had a pyramid with no shadows because he revealed mysteries. It was a type. But the problem was he didn't turn anybody's heart, right? He was the only person raptured, right? So, we have to keep this in mind as we're going through our journey and uh we um start to talk about these different things. So, uh you know, we talked about how the brother Brandham said that the uh there will only be four raptures, right? Enoch was the first, Elijah was the second, Jesus Christ was the third, and then the bride will receive a rapture of course in this day and age. So, and we can kind of see though in each of these raptures that there is an emphasis of Elijah's spirit on uh these people that have been raptured, right? So, uh if if if if we're living if you're living in any age, you want to have the spirit that can recognize where is Elijah's spirit so that I can attach on to this thing, right? It's important for us to recognize this thing. And so we're going to contrast this thing over with another major prophet that was sent after Enoch. Uh and this major prophet, of course, was Noah. Noah had his own uh separate age. So you can turn to the next slide and we'll see. Uh this is Noah's age, which looks uh pretty similar uh to Enoch's. And a lot of times people confuse ministries and get things uh mixed up. Uh but it's important to recognize the ministries that are going on during your time in earth so that you can know uh what time it is. So now we see God uh has raptured Enoch away, but now God is sending Noah onto the scene, right? And this is during a time uh where God's people have gotten away from the word, right? So this is another thing we want to see with this major prophet position. Um when God sends a major prophet, it's either two things. it's either a really really really good thing or it's either a really really really bad thing. Right? And you want to have the spirit where it's a good thing. Right? Because uh one of the the the one of the purposes like I like I said for a major prophet coming on the scene is when God's people have gotten away from the word, he's got to send this guy onto this not the five-fold ministry. Notice we haven't gotten to the five-fold ministry yet, right? And the fiful ministry is important, but the word of the Lord comes to the prophets first. So God has to send a major prophet onto the scene to get his people back uh into step. Right? So we're at a time right now where the world has gotten into a a horrible horrible condition. And uh we're going to we're going to go to Genesis 5:28 uh 32 just to kind of see just to kind of see um what just to kind of get a buildup of of of uh how this thing happened. Uh so uh 528-32 and it says here and Lamech lived 182 years and begat a son and he called his he called his name Noah saying this same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands because of the ground which the Lord hath cursed and lamech lived after he begat Noah 595 years and begat sons and daughters. So Noah was born and now Noah has uh brothers and sisters, right? And verse 31 says, "And all the days Lamech were 777 years and he died. And Noah was 500 years old and Noah begat Shim, Ham, and Japath, right? So we see some key things here. First, there's something special about Noah because his birth, you know, the Bible says something about him. we know there's something uh special with what he has to do. And the next thing is that we see Lamech was his father. And it's funny how the Bible said he lived to be 777 years old, which is uh 777 is uh seven of is of course God's number of completion and three is God's number of perfection. So we see perfect uh completion, right? And so we can see and we and and of course a lot of us Bible uh readers already know that Noah was the last person right that would be saved after uh Lamech uh had given birth uh to him right so you might want to say why is this thing important well when you read Genesis chapter 5 five means grace and this is where we see Enoch's ministry right and uh brother Brandham even said that God will send Elijah's spirit five times which was grace gr a ce faith and in Jesus right and so and and then um lame met giving birth to Noah at the end of this chapter uh it signifies the ending of this particular kind of grace right and then Noah's ministry we see begins in chapter six six being the number of man right but it says that Noah found grace in the sight of God but it was a different kind of grace, &gt;&gt; right? So, not all grace is the same. And you'll notice a lot of people will be praying for God's grace, God's grace, but you want God's best grace, &gt;&gt; right? You want to be able to identify with God's top grace. God gives grace to a lot of people, but you want to be the one that's uh uh on top, right? So, we see in uh Noah's uh in Noah's ministry, the reason why that reason why God's people got away from the word is because they did the same exact thing Eve did, right? They married the men of they married the uh the daughters of men of the world, right? The Bible said the sons of God saw the daughters of God and they went and married them. And God said, "What are you guys doing?" Right? He had just tried to separate. He kept the generation separate. Adam's generation was a lineage in his own. And Cain's generation was out there doing that. He was trying to keep the group separate. God is always in the separating business. You can't bring stuff into your life. &gt;&gt; That's why you can't have a pyramid with shadows. You can't bring these things of the world in there. You can't bring these isms in the world. God is always trying to separate his people uh from the things of the world, right? So, he sends the major prophet and um uh and God decides that he's going to destroy uh the world. And we'll be closing soon because this is just a little bit a little bit much. Uh God decided he's going to be destroying he's going to destroy the world. But of course, he found uh he found grace in the sight of Noah. And we want to read uh well, no, we won't get to that. So we what we'll say what we want to notice is that Noah had brothers and sisters during this time right and the thing about it was Enoch's message was a message that wasn't preached to everybody right only uh well he may have preached it I'm not sure but we know that it was a hidden ministry hidden revelation because he was the only one that caught the revelation on contrast to Noah Noah preached to everybody right the uh prophet said Noah preached for 120 years The ark was open. It was available for everyone to come. Right? Showing the significance of how the rapture is only for a particular group. It's not just a everybody thing, right? It's a particular group that gets there. But salvation represented by the ark. Anyone can come. God wants everyone to come. God opened the doors for everyone. It was for everyone to come and be saved. Uh showing that uh uh God's election is for his. But you can reject salvation. Right? So the bi the prophet told us that only Noah and his immediate family were saved. So it was eight souls out of the whole entire entire world. Right? Um and we want to uh take a minute uh uh in closing, we'll just kind of talk about this little statement right here. We want to take a minute to see why, you know, why it was such a big deal. why God was so upset with his people for doing these things. Uh if you remember the prophet said that Abel's lineage were simple people, right? They were farmers, right? They was just trusting in God, right? But Cain's people were inventors. They, you know, they made big cities. They had instruments. They had education and all these things. And and the message perfect strength by perfect weakness. Uh the prophet said um and it's uh paragraph 121 I'll just go ahead and read it. The prophet said he brings us here on earth for then we are educated we're smart. Did you ever notice the lines of lineages when we take for instance like in Abel from Abel come Seth Seth lineages come right on down on down onto Noah's time all of them were humble farmers but Cain's children become smart shrewd educated great men builders professional men right and we see that you know because the people came from Abel Abel coming from God that they were a righteous people meaning that they totally depended on God for everything, right? Because they were righteous. So God blessed their harvest. He gave them a bountiful harvest, right? There were no food shortages on this side. So we could think of it like north side and south side, right? You know, you got Abel's people on the north side and Cain's people on the south side. And so, you know, on Abel's side, no food shortages. They were not, they were, I mean, healthy people, healthy, strong people. God blessed their families. So we should be seeing that thing, seeing that in us today because God is now doing the separating, right? And God said he wanted to give us a overflow, right? And what overflow does is it makes you look different than other people. So people should be able to tell uh uh just where you belong just by what God has done in your life. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; So let's let's contrast this with Kane's people. You know, they had big cities and they had the best medicine, right? They had the best security police and they had trade routes and all that stuff. But the problem is they were an unrighteous people, right? There was an unrighteous lineage. No wonder they needed the best medicine, right? They didn't have faith enough to ask God for healing. Brother Brandham said that sometimes people don't have enough faith to heal a toothache, right? But God's people, when you get the Holy Spirit, you should be able to have faith, right, for God to heal your body, right? &gt;&gt; And you know, HIV, it used to be a deadly disease because it was associated with a particular group, right? But nowadays, they got medications to try to cure it. So these people will do everything they can to stay healthy, but be righteous, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; If you live righteous, God will take the sickness away from you. &gt;&gt; Right? So Cain's people were very shrewd and smart because they didn't want to be righteous, but they wanted to keep living on the earth, right? Um, and no wonder Cain's people, you know, they had uh the uh they had military police. They had police. They were murderers, right? But on Abel's side, people wasn't doing stuff over there. There was no need for police. You didn't have to have police officers, right? They were a peaceful people, right? And you know they needed uh Kane's people needed you know uh smart smart shrewd people right they needed divorce lawyers and divorce court right because people was marrying in and not marrying in but when you look at Abel's people you ain't see none of those things over there with Abel's people right uh Cain's people they needed the government right to develop uh programs for orphanages right and uh because parents would abandon their kids but you didn't see none of that stuff with Abble's people Right? So it was a huge contrast. So when God saw these people, God saw God's people take all of them blessings and then put them over here with these wicked people. He got upset and said, "No, I have to destroy this whole place." &gt;&gt; And you remember that, you know, it was only God only po repopulated the earth with righteous people. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Right. So in closing um you know we want to make sure that you know we are in a position right we want to make sure that we've gone through the steps of justification sanctification God has cleansed us you've been born again being born again means that you're now a a son or daughter of God right but it doesn't stop there we want to go on and uh uh uh building this pyramid as Enoch had because when the prophet says something we want to make sure that we don't have any shadows around us that if the if the word were to come on us, if the word were to say something to us, right? It wouldn't be no shadows. We wouldn't have anything hidden. Shadows, when you have shadows, you can hide stuff, right? But God's looking for a people that is fully open to his word, right? So, we're trying to go on to the step of being uh receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost because God will not God will not populate a vessel that has shadows and things hidden. You know, God wants to be in a vessel where it's a direct image of himself, right? So that he can live with his people and they'll be positioned uh for a rapture. &gt;&gt; God bless you all. Um we're going to uh say a word of prayer just to uh close this out. Lord Jesus, we thank you, oh Lord God, for your word, oh Lord God. Lord Jesus, it's it's only by your grace that we can hear these things, oh Lord God. Lord, as I said before, there's millions of Christians and billions of Christians in the world, oh Lord God, and they're living life however they want to, oh Lord God. Whatever doctrine, however they feel about a particular Bible verse, they'll interpret it in their own way, oh Lord God, and they'll still be trying to worship you, oh Lord Jesus. But Lord, you loved us so much that in this last day, you've given us a message, oh Lord God. You've given us a guide, oh Lord God. Lord, we can see that what we believe as people try to challenge our beliefs and say it's just a man's message and stuff, but Lord, we can clearly see, oh Lord God, that our lives are tell are dovetailing with the scriptures, Lord, from Genesis, oh Lord God, until now, oh Lord God. So we thank you, oh Lord God, for this revelation, oh Lord, that you've given us, oh Lord God. Lord, continue to bless the people. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, because you've given us your word, oh Lord God, we're expecting to see a separation. Oh Lord God, we're expecting to see a separation in our workplace. Oh Lord God, Lord, we're expecting to see a separation in the schools. Oh Lord God, Lord, wherever our feet touch, oh Lord God, Lord, we're expecting to see a separation in our health. Oh Lord God, Lord, we should be the healthiest people on earth. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, we should we shouldn't have to go to doctors and pay for drugs and all these things, oh Lord God. Lord, you cleansed us, oh Lord, and made us righteous, oh Lord, and separated us from the world, oh Lord God. So now we're expecting, oh Lord God, to see these things in our life, oh Lord God. We're expecting to see our families restored, Lord God. It was Cain's lineage, oh Lord, that had uh broken up families, oh Lord. But Lord, we're standing here, oh Lord God, in your word and we're expecting to see our families, our loved ones restored, oh Lord God. Lord, oh God, we're coming with your word, oh Lord God, knowing that full well confidence that you will accomplish these things in our life, Lord. And we ask it in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] We thank the Lord for the word of God uh on tonight from brother Quinton. A lot of uh nuggets in there and uh I was just um I was just thinking about him um speaking. it just kind of uh came to my mind that he might have a series uh and uh just the way that that all kind of came together. I I can see he got more to give us and we'll have to make room for that. But I I enjoyed that, Brother Quinton. God God bless you. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. and the separation that he was ending up there with Cain's group and and Abel's group and how uh when you really think about it as as believers, God has given us promises uh in his word. Others may not have those same promises. If you know um a believer uh get diagnosed with cancer or any you know other uh disease, a believer has the ability to go to the word of God and and um and apply the word of God. And one of those promises that uh if they lay hands on the sick then they shall recover. And uh where a unbeliever has never even heard anything like that before. Right. But but we as believers we can take God at his word and expect God to do exactly what he said he would do. Amen. No matter what the situation is. Even if you had a financial issue that you were uh battling. Unbelievers go through financial problems. Believers go through financial problems. But a believer, a man could stand there, look the devil in the eye and say, "Lord, you told me that if I were to bring my tithes and my offering into the house of the Lord, the Bible promised that you would rebuke the devour for my sake." And not only that, you said you would open up the windows of heaven and you pour me out blessings where I had room, not enough to receive. Father, this is your word. This is not my word. This is what you told me. So, amen. You can stand there with those that type of confidence and know that God is going to come through on your behalf no matter what it is that you're facing. I thank God for these promises. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And and I I I liked just how the Lord led him. Sometimes I I'll tell you this that God don't show us everything. Um he he lets us grow into uh some things and and I just like that. I I mean I I've had the experience that in my own ministry. Brother Quinton uh was saying I I didn't know who the first uh prophet was. And he says, "But I knew Enoch was a prophet." and he went to Genesis 5 and he got he got that and he just you know and I'm glad God didn't show him who the first prophet was cuz we wouldn't have got all of that tonight. Right? So, but I I I'll I'll give you the the the the answer to who the first prophet was in the scripture. The first prophet was God himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. God himself. And his first prophecy was in Genesis 3:15, right? And what he told Adam and Eve and uh and he told he said he said that um her seed uh um I can't even remember the the the yeah place put immity um between your seed and the woman's seed and just give me Genesis 3:15 cuz I I I I can't uh um uh I can't get it right now but I I can I can I can read it out of the Bible. That's the first God himself was the first prophet and brother Brandham uh actually brought that point out. So uh but like I said I'm so glad that he didn't show that all to brother Quinton because we would have got all that tonight. I will put immity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed and it shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heels. So when he's prophesying about the woman's seed right here in the scripture and this is the uh this was fulfi was fulfilled when Mary came on the earth. So uh God was speaking of Mary right here in this scripture. He was speaking of Christ in this scripture right here that Christ would be coming. This was a prophecy. Amen. Fulfilled uh in the days of Mary on the earth. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I just love the way God do things. Amen. I love the way God do things. All right, let me uh have um uh tonight's announcements. Uh we have um our Sunday service uh prayers start from 8:30 uh to 9:30. Sunday school from 8:45 to 9:15 and then our service will start promptly at 9:30. Uh our streaming continues through uh Facebook at sat tabernacle and uh our church website john423.org. Uh also um communion and feet washing is going to be on Wednesday, October 8th at 7:30 p.m. We'll have communion and feet washing. So uh keep that in mind. Don't forget for the young people, there is uh a banquet there at House of Fellowship on O Saturday, October 4th, uh from 3:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. You can go um to their website to do the registration there. And then the Bethl Youth Camp, Brother Jason Watkins is the pastor there in in South Carolina. Uh they're hosting the youth camp in Bvard, North Carolina. Uh and that's going to be uh Thursday through Sunday, October 16th through 19th. And you can go to their website uh for registration there on the screen. Amen. Our giving is through zel, PayPal um or cash app. Zale is preferred method because of no fees, but if you have to use zel or PayPal, you use giving at john423.org. Cash app, you use dollar sign spirit and truth t. And then our mailing address, Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. If you desire to mail an offering into the church. Amen. Praise the Lord. Those in the house of the Lord, you can use the wooden box as you enter or as you exit uh for your giving as well. Praise the Lord. All right. Um do we have anyone that wants to share a testimony uh tonight? All right, come on up, my brother. Come on up after him, my brother. Anybody else that want to share a testimony? All right, praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. Um, it was just fitting. I heard uh brother Quinton speaking on u just how uh Kane's uh leash had to have all all the in medicine and advancements and um it's actually a part of my testimony of just thanking God. Um so my oldest son Xavier um he had a real back stigmatism in his eye. Um we took him to a doctor right here off of Okachobee. Um and he had been a few times and doctor like, "Yeah, you gonna need surgery this and that." And I'm like, "Okay." You know, I was I didn't go the first couple times, but I heard my like in my mind, I'm like, "Nah, he ain't going to need no surgery." But so he just kept going. He kept saying, "Yeah, we'll see him back in this many months. We going to check it again. Check it again." No changes. No changes. And I one day I went actually I took off from work and I went up there. We all went and I seen the gentle, we waited in this room. It was real crowded. Seen a gentleman and we went in the room. He's like, "Yeah, he's going to need surgery." And I was like, "Well, is the surgery going to actually fix it or is it like cosmetic?" Um, he was just explaining, "Yeah, it's only going to fix part of it, but I said, "So, it's not going to actually fix the issue." He's like, "No." I was like, "Well, that's cosmetic. He don't need it." Um, he's like, "No, he need it. He need it. He need it." And he's like, he's like, he told my he told my wife just like this, "Mom, don't listen to him. He need it. He need it." And I'm like, "He's just telling my wife not to listen to me." um that that was the first thing in my mind. But you know, I just and usually in those situations, you know, that it it it catches by surprise. So, I had to kind of all right, God, what what did he just say? Like I had to run it again just to make sure, you know, I you know, sometimes we we get in our feelings. So, I just wanted to make sure I was like And he said it again. I was like, "Okay." After that, I didn't even say anything to him and we left. Right after we left, I told Mar, "Yeah, he need we need to find him a new doctor quick." Um, so, uh, so we and then a whole thing going well. She was supposed to take him back for a checkup and something happened with his insurance where we couldn't even go back to him anything. Um, we just had a hard time trying to find a certain doctor and and Lord actually um put it on my my sister-in-law's heart to talk to my wife about a certain doctor and we had to drive down to Hollywood in Miami to go to a specialist. Um, so he'd been going there for a little bit. We just went, what was that about a month ago, maybe less, a couple weeks ago. Um, so we went down there. She checked them first time. First time we went, something happened where the insurance didn't carry over or something. So we had to leave. We d I drove all the way down to Miami on my off day. Drove all the way down there, came all the way back. I'm like, "It's okay." So, we actually went um just previously um to where she seen him again. She was like, and she she sat in the chair. She's like, "Dad, this is this is really good. He doesn't need surgery." &gt;&gt; She said, she was like, "It's really good." Like, she was like, "No, just keep doing it." And I went, "Thank you, Lord, one for for for me not being upset and going off on the man. you know, I won't gonna cuss at him, but you know, it's it's, you know, it come to my wife, Lord, you know, um, but just just just thanking God because just just me not accepting what that man told me. It was never a doubt in my mind that he was going to need surgery and and for for just for that to happen, just say, "God, thank you." Because it's it's you all the way in every area. So, thank you, Jesus. Even if I have to drive to Alaska, Lord, just for your blessing, I'll go get it. &gt;&gt; So, God bless y'all. Praise the Lord. Thank God for his provision. Amen. And that. All right. God bless you, brother. God bless you tonight. Um, just speaking about the grace of God. I should have gave this testimony like a month and a half ago. It was the week of the meetings and um I was driving um I think it was down Simon Pratt I believe and I was in a hurry to get home. I was probably going like 15 over and this cop was undercover and I saw him and I was like uh oh I'm in trouble. So hit the lights on, stop me. He's like you know what you're being pulled over for. I knew but I was like no what am I being pulled over for? know I'm being pulled over for. He's like, you know, he's going 15 and you're going 15 over. I was like, I was I just told him like, you know, I was just ready to get home. I'm tired. And I'm thinking in my mind, I'm like, Lord, you you know, I deserve this ticket. You know, I was going 15 over. I can't dispute it. So, he comes back, I'm going to give you a warning. Not going to give you a ticket. And I just was like, wow. You know, just the grace of God just, you know, talking about it tonight cuz I literally I was ready to get like a $200 ticket or however it was going to be. And I was ready, you know, Lord, I'm going to pay it cuz I deserve it. But, you know, the grace of God allowed the officer cuz I I just handled it cool. I didn't I didn't I wasn't rude to the officer. I was just like, you know, you know, just just acted, you know, real nice to him. And he came back and just gave me a warning. I I still got the ticket in my car, like the the warning part of it. I for a reminder so I don't go so I don't go 15 over again. So, but uh just just, you know, testify on the grace of God. I should have gave this testimony weeks a month month and a half ago, but just to just testify how God how good God to is to us even when we do something like that, you know, his his grace protects us. So, but definitely don't do it again cuz &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Certainly thank God for that grace, brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I uh I've been down that road myself before, so I know what that's like. God God is good. Amen. Anybody else want to share uh tonight um before we Okay, come on, brother. God bless you saints. Uh it's a testimony that occurred today. Um, so started last night. I was on my way home and my wife reached out to me and asked me to stop by and get a few things um before I before I got home. I was looking for my wallet and I couldn't locate it anywhere. Um, first thing that came to mind is I forgot it at work. Uh, so I told myself the next day I just go in and and just pick it up. So, I went to work and when I got there, I couldn't find it. And I was pretty certain that it was there and I looked everywhere and and I just said a short quick prayer and I just said, "Lord, um I know it's not at the house, uh but I know that faith can put it there." And I just prayed. I said, "Lord, just help me find it wherever it is." And I just started to make a few phone calls, retrace my steps, and within that same hour, uh, brother called me that I was with and told me he had found my wallet. &gt;&gt; So, I want to thank God for that. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Uh, that's a that's a a real blessing. I I I was thinking on uh Brother Billy Paul, him and his wife were here and and I believe it was down in Miami somewhere one time visiting and they were just walking along the beach and she she lost her ring and uh he prayed a very similar prayer like Lord all all this sand on the beach. God, I I need I need to find her ring and I don't know where it is on this beach, but I'm just trusting that you'll bring it to us. And all he did was just dig down his hands in the sand. And when he come up, that ring come up uh with him. See, these are the things that brother uh Quinton was just talking about. As believers, things should be different for us. &gt;&gt; We got God on our side, right? So, we we have to we have to expect these type of things from our God. So, uh thank God, uh brother, that he he helped you find that wallet. Amen. Anybody else before we uh leave tonight? All right. Okay. All right. So, um yeah. Um they just I was going to say this before I can get it out my mouth before we go tonight. Uh it's sister Erica's birthday on today. So we we want to sing our birthday song. Amen. To Sister Erica since she's celebrating it here tonight. And the other thing I'm I'm going say too um on sad Sunday night. Thank you all the saints that went out to support the service. It was a blessing seeing spirit and truth in the house. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. Let's sing amen for sister Erica. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, sister Erica. Happy birthday to you. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Thank God. I I was telling her on the way here, uh, I come to realize this year. I don't know why I ain't recognize it before now, but her and I were born on the same day of the week, which means that our birthdays always fall on the same day of the week. So, when we moved here into this location, if you all remember, it was July 30th. It was a Wednesday night and it was my birthday. Well, it's her birthday on a Wednesday night. So, I don't know why God did that. Amen. But God did that thing. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Amen. We thank God for her. Just appreciate her uh just standing by my side and uh just being eyes that uh that I need uh when I can't see things, I can't hear things, she she got me covered. So, I just appreciate her so much and thank God for giving her another year. Amen. Here, praise the Lord. Let us have a word of prayer. Amen. As we prepare to uh dismiss on tonight, Father, we thank you for all uh that you um have done. And God, we thank you for these wonderful testimonies that we've heard and how you have moved uh in the lives of your people. We thank you, Lord, for the word that was spoken to our hearts tonight. Uh thank you for Brother Quinton just getting himself out of the way and allowing you, Father, to uh just to use them for your glory. Lord, we we just appreciate all that we see you doing in our midst. Um we we could we could never repay you. We see restoration. We see deliverance. We see overflow. God, we see it all just happening right before us. So Lord, we're just we're just so grateful. Uh Lord, we're preparing to leave this place, but we're not leaving your presence. May we go uh reflecting and thinking on the things that have been spoken to us. And we ask that you would keep us encouraged and strengthened uh throughout the rest of the week, Lord, that we'll come back on Sunday morning uh under expectation for you to meet us once again. God, we carefully give you all the honor, all the glory, all the praise. It's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you. The brothers will come at this time uh to dismiss you. God bless you. [Music]
