################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Now - Bro Jack Duff (06-01-2025) - Jack Duff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    Now - Bro Jack Duff (06-01-2025)
Speaker:  Jack Duff
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1S1eOaKtO8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Hey, Heat up here. [Music] [Music] Most gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we come this morning, oh Father God. Lord God, we come to give you glory, Lord. We come to praise and magnify your wonderful name, oh Father God. Lord God, you've done so much for us, oh Father God, things we don't even know about, Lord God. Lord, we come this morning to say thank you, Father. Thank you. Thank you for keeping us, oh, Father, in the midnight hour, Lord. Thank you for keeping us, oh, Father, along the highways and byways, Lord. Lord, many people uh took the highways and didn't make it home. Lord, there's some in the hospital and can't be here. But Lord God, you made a way for us to be here, oh Father God, and in the fellowship of your people, oh Father God. Lord God, to feed on your holy word. one more time, Lord God. Lord, let us not take these opportunities for granted, Father. Lord God, we know that we're living in the last and evil days, oh Father God. Lord God, cover us with your blood, oh Father God, may the Holy Spirit, oh Father God, lead us and guide us, oh Father God, in the presence of our enemy, Lord. Lord God, we just uh give everything to you. All that we are, all that we have. Oh, Father God, keep us on the straight and narrow, Father God. Lord God, keep us encouraged, oh Father God. Oh Lord, we thank you, Father God. And as we Lord God, be open this service, oh Father God, we ask you to bless us, oh Father God. Lord God, we don't come for fame or fortune, oh father, for entertainment this morning, oh Lord God. But Lord, we want your will to be done, oh Father God, reach somebody, Father, touch somebody, heal somebody, do what you do, Lord, in these many blessings in Jesus name we pray. Church, say amen. Amen. Amen. What a friend we have in Jesus. Oh, our sins away. The privilege is to go in [Music] pray. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh, because we do not [Music] [Applause] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Can we find a free We are sorrow. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] my car. We sing to God in prayer. Amen. Glory to God. If you can grab your Bibles. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Trying to get rid of my There we go. Psalms 119. I'm sorry. Psalms 119. Beginning at the first verse. Amen. It's good to see everyone press their way out this morning. Amen. One of those days, man. God know what he doing. Amen. Be in the first verse. Blessed are the undefiled in the way who walk in the law of the Lord. Blessed are they that keep his testimonies and that seek him with the whole heart. They also do no iniquity. They walk in his ways. Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently. Oh that my ways were directed to keep thy statutes. Then shall I not then shall I not be ashamed when I have respect unto all thy commandments. I will praise thee with uprightness of heart. When I when shall I learn thy righteous judgments. I will keep thy statutes and forsake me not utterly. Wherewith shall a young man cleanse his ways by talk by taking heed thereto according to thy word. With my whole heart with my whole heart have I sought thee. Oh let me not wander from thy commandments. Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee. Amen. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. We'll walk in the light build. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, [Applause] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Oh, beautiful [Applause] life. [Music] [Applause] Oh, mercy. [Applause] Oh Jesus, the light of the world. We [Music] will [Music] be Yeah. [Music] Oh my Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Oh, mercy of Christ. [Music] Sh. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Oh yeah. Jesus the life. This is Oh, he's the light. She He Oh, yes, he is. Oh, Jesus, the light of the world. Amen. Hallelujah. What a beautiful light to be walking in. Oh my. When you walking in the light, you know it. You know you're walking in the light. Yes, sir. Amen. I'm glad to be one of them. Amen. I'mma stay all right with the light. Yes, sir. Amen. We invite you to come walk in the light. Amen. Jesus is the way. [Music] maker. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the way. Oh, one day he made a way for me. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the way. Oh, one day. Oh, Jesus is so heart. Jesus is the heart. Jesus is the heart. Oh yes. One [Music] day. He made a way. He made a way. He made a way. Yes. He made a way. And I was lost sinking deep in sin. He made a way to bring me out. He made a way. Jesus made. Jesus made a way. He made a way for me. He made a way for you. as he made a way. He made a way. He made a way. Jesus made a way. Oh, yes, he did. Oh, yes, he did. I'm glad about it. I'm so glad about it. I'm so glad about it. Jesus made way. Jesus made way. As he made way, as he made way to be praised, he made a way. Jesus. Yes, he did. Jesus made a way. Oh, yes, he did. Oh, Jesus is the way. Jesus is away. Jesus is [Music] away. Oh, one [Music] day. Oh, he made way. Jesus made way. Jesus made way. Yes, he made way. M made a way for me. He made a way for you. Has he made a way for you? Jesus made a way. One day I was sick. Sink in my body. Jesus picked me up, made me whole again. Jesus made way. Jesus made way one day 2000 years on Calvar's he made way. He hung there just for me. He was making way. Oh, he made way. He was made a way. Jesus made way. You see the way you see the way you see the [Music] way. Oh, one day, one day. [Applause] Oh yes, Jesus made a way. Is that all right this morning? Amen. Did you come to praise him and give him glory? I love to praise him. I love praise his name. I love to praise him. [Music] I love to praise him. Oh, I love to praise his name. I love to praise him. [Applause] [Music] I love to praise him. I love I love to praise [Applause] him. Oh, I love his. Come on. [Music] [Applause] Oh, he my never never let me [Music] you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I love hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love I say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you. Oh, I love you. I will in never [Applause] never hallelujah. Oh, I love Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love I love you. I love you. In the morning when I rise in the night with me. I love to pray. I love to pray. I love to praise. I love to praise his holy name for his worthy to be praised. I love to praise his holy name. [Music] Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. You may be seated in the presence of the Lord. Amen. At this point, we'll call Amen. Sister Abby to come and give us a special [Applause] God bless you. Um, okay. So, I was requested to sing one of my songs by brother Simba. Sorry. But um I'm going to sing this song from a week after the Bethl youth camp which was last year. Um the preacher had I forgot what his name was. He had said a testimony about something and he was saying that there was the devil or a demon had came into his room broad daylight and pointed a like pointed like a finger at him and was like I'm coming after you. But then he said that he said that um I speak that in the name of Jesus I cast thee out Satan. And he was like and then the demon went away. So for a week that bothered me. It was a testimony but it bothered me. And um I was couldn't sleep for like an entire week. I would go to sleep and just think that that thing was going to pop up in my room any moment and I would and I wouldn't know what to do. So I went, it was it happened for a week. The week after on a Wednesday, I was here. I was sitting back at the computer and I opened up my Bible cuz my dad was like, "Read your Bible before you go to church, before the service starts because then you'll it'll connect with the service." And I was like, "Okay, whatever." Um, so I opened up my Bible and I opened up to Psalms 3 or Proverbs 3 and it said that your sleep shall be sweet. And after I read that, I slept perfect for the rest of so that song. Amen. And I was talking to my dad and I told him about it and he was like it was it's that you're growing in God. That's what you got like that revelation. So you're growing in God. So I was like, "Okay, well that's a song." And I wrote a song about it. All right. The devil tried to take away my peace. He tried to take away my rest. But God told me, "Your sleep shall be sweet." Amen. The devil tried to give me a spirit of fear. He tried to tell me you're alone, but God told me I'm there in present time of need. Say I'm growing in the Lord. I'm growing in God. It may not seem like much, but to me it's a lot. I'm growing in God. [Music] The devil tried to take away my peace. He tried to tell me you're alone, but God told me. I'm there in present time of need. Say I'm growing in the Lord. I'm growing in God. It may not seem like much, but to me it's a lot. I'm growing in God, overcoming each day, conquering just to stay on this path that I take. I'll read your word every day. Pray each morning and each night just to walk by faith and not my own side. overcoming each day. Conquering just to stay on this path that I take. I'll read your word every day. Pray each morning and each night just to walk by faith and of my own side. I'm growing in the Lord. I'm growing in God. It may not seem like much, but to me it's a lot. I'm growing in God. I'm growing in the Lord. I'm growing in God. It may not seem like much, but to me it's alive. I'm growing in God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. That was beautiful. Boy, I tell you what. Amen. Yeah. That's a give God praise. God bless you, sis. That was beautiful. Amen. God's got just what he need in the body. Song writers, musicians, it's all in the body. Amen. That's just beautiful. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's have the uh announcements, brothers. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm sorry, sister. I said brothers, I'm looking at them right back there. Excuse me. Amen. Amen. Sister Sarah, birthday [Music] Tuesday. Amen. Amen. Amen. I remember when you were born. That's a funny story behind that. Amen. I keep that one. Amen. Church service uh Wednesday night at 7:30. Amen. And um virtual streaming will continue through Facebook and SAT on church website. Amen. Of john423.org. Amen. Upcoming events, sister prayer will be this Tuesday at 7:30. Friday night home tape service will be the path of life [Music] 62621 V. Amen. 62 0621. Amen. June 13th. Amen. Musicians rehearsal at 7:00. Amen. Keep those things in mind. Amen. Address ourselves accordingly. Upcoming services, uh, youth service June 20th at 7:30. South Florida Choir Rehearsal June 14th, June 28th, July 5th, and July 12th at Ride of Christ Tabernacle in Bordon Beach, Florida. Amen. Might want to jot those down if you haven't also already done so. All those that plan on singing in the Florida choir. Amen. They did such a wonderful job last year. So, I'm sure we have something wonderful to look forward to. Amen. and I will restore, sayeth the Lord, July meetings, spirit and truth tabernacle. Uh, brother Jack Duff, uh, July 25th through July 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School, Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. Amen. U, uh, our offering and our giving via zel, PayPal, or cash app preferred. Zale uh, giving at john423.org. org. Uh, PayPal given at john43.org as well and cash appetit spirit is dollar sign spirit and truth t. Amen. Also, we have box in the back. Amen. Uh, and the mailing address is P. Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 34 33422. Amen. If you want to mail it in. Amen. The Lord loves a cheerful giver. Amen. Let us pray over the offering. Most gracious God, we thank you, oh Father God, for all that you're doing. Lord, we are still uh waiting patiently, oh Father God, for a church home. We ask you, Lord God, to bless our tithe and our offering, oh Father God. Lord God, may you take it and multiply [Music] it to give us what we need of. Oh, Father Lord, I'm sure the rain this morning has maybe had some to stay in, but Lord God, I'm noticing that this place is getting too small. Lord, we need a church. Oh, Father God, we ask you, oh Father God, to bless us, Lord God, open the wonders of heaven and pour us out a blessing. Oh, Father God, make a way, Father God, where there seems to be no way, but know we're going to hold to your unchanging hand. We've seen you done it. Do it time and time again. You've done it for others, oh Father God. Oh, Lord God, we're just going to continue to stand and press the battle, oh Father God, or bless the offering and those that give. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. When the war is over, we shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall win the battle. When the battle is Oh, we shall. Oh, with the [Music] L. Oh, when the battle is over. Oh, we Oh, we wear a crown. We shall wear a crown when the battle is over. We going to wear a [Music] crown. Oh, in the new room. Hallelujah. Actually the birds to come. over me. We shall wear crown a mighty crown. Amen. When the Oh, shall we in the [Music] God bless you saints. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this rainy day. Amen. Amen. This rain is the answer to my prayer. Amen. I tell you, my yard is it's just been hurting hurting. So, uh I'm really happy to see it. I I'll just adjust myself if I ever have to. But I'm so glad to see it come. Praise the Lord. Amen. Late last night on the sisters chat, uh saw a post that Sister Vera lost her sister and uh just keeping her in my heart this morning. And I want to sing this song. And Sister Vera, if you're listening in, I pray that this song ministers to your heart as well as to your family. Amen. And anybody else is hurting this morning? And shady green pastures so rich and sweet. God leads his dear children alone where the waters could flow. the weery once the God leads his dear children alone. [Music] Sometimes on the mount where the sun shines so bright, God leads his dear children alone. [Music] Sometimes in the valley, in the darkest of night, God leads his dear children alone. Some through the water. Some through the blood. Some through the fire. But all through the blood, son. Through great sorrow. God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Those sorrows befall us and Satan up. God leaves his dear children alone. Through grace he will conquer and defeat all our God leaves his new children alone. [Music] s through the waters. Some through the blood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow. Yet God gives a song in the night season. Oh, and all the days on away from the mar and away from the clay. [Music] God is still children. Oh Lord, away to glory. Eternity stay. God leads his dear children alone. Oh yes, it's some through the water, sung through the blood, sung through fire. Open up through the blood through great sorrow. Yet God gives a song in the night season. and on the day. Wo, it's through the blood. Through the blood we can come into his presence. Oh, it's through the blood. Oh Jesus has made a way we can come into his presence. Oh is through the blood. Yes. Through through the blood. [Music] through. We can come into his presence through the blood of my Jesus. Jesus has Oh, he made a way. We can come into his presence. Oh, is through the blood. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Through the blood. Amen. It's one provided way of Christ. Amen. Amen. I had a little song on my heart as we get ready to bring the pastor up and I was contemplated if I should try. There's a few in here that remember it. The song just says over and I say it's real simple. It go over over. How I got over over. I made it. I made it. Over. Over. Over. over. [Music] How I got over [Music] I made it. I made it over. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I made it. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I made it. I made it over. Over. How I got over [Music] over. I made it. I made it. Over. Over. How I got over. I made it. Made it. I made it. I made it. I made it. I made it. I made it. I made it. Fix it up, brother. Well, I made it. Yes, I made it. Oh, I made it. Say over. How I got over. Yes, I made it. Oh, did you make it? Oh, yeah. I made it. Yes, I did. Well, I made it. Yes, I made it. I made it. I made it. Made it. Yes, I made it. I'm Yes, I'm Yes, I'm Yes, I'm over. Oh, how I got [Music] over. Oh, I made it over. Come on and give the Lord a hand of praise. My God. My God. Now, that was from back in the day. That was a a throwback. Yeah. I was recently in South Carolina. I think that was uh y'all can be seated just for a few minutes. Um that was back in February. And we went to service on a Friday night there. Um Brother Nichols was preaching and uh Brother Diggs had did the song service and he started singing that over. I say, "Well, my I ain't heard that one in a long time." Uh but it's Hey, man. It's good just to kind of revisit, you know, some of them them them old songs. They uh remind us of whence we came. Amen. Of whence we came. Thank God. Appreciate. Amen. Brother Troy on this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh Sister Abby, the song that the Lord gave her. We thank God for that. Amen. And my mother uh Sister Birds. Amen. We we thank God. And we certainly want to uh offer a word of prayer for sister V ver Vera and the loss of her sister. Amen. Uh trust that God would give strength to the family. Uh I've seen him do it before and I know he'll do it again. Amen. So we're praying that God would turn their morning into dancing. Amen. Um I wanted to just also take a moment to thank um everyone for last week. The picnic was excellent. Um, sister Tina making all the just to coordinate everything with the sisters and thank you all sisters for uh for coming through. Amen. The brothers for coming through. We had a we had a wonderful wonderful time and I was I still meet eating for a few days after afterwards. So we just just appreciate you all and it's just a wonderful time of fellowship. The Lord gave us a beautiful day. Amen. And uh just a real nice breeze there. So we we just appreciate Amen the Lord Jesus uh for that. Amen. Um I don't think I got any more to announce. Uh brother Smiley is this morning preaching in uh Orlando at brother Stacy's church there in Orlando. So I want to remember him. I believe the service starts a little bit later, but we'll remember him that God would just use him uh in a special way and and I just been seeing that a lot of doors been opening up. Amen. for him to kind of go forward in ministry. It was a a brother reached out to me recently and and asked um if I could come and speak and I was telling said I got a conflict on the night that you're asking me to come and um and you know I said could I send one of the brothers from my church you know uh uh to you you know in mystead he says u yeah can you send brother Smiley I said yes I'll talk to him and uh so brother Smiley has taken that that particular service but I'm just so happy to see uh all these these different doors of opening up. Amen. For for our precious brethren, uh God is moving in his own special way. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right. Well, um I don't think I need to announce any more. Uh I'll read one quick scripture. Musicians, thank y'all very much. Amen. Thank y'all very very much. Uh, and I'm I'mma ask a question while I was just talking there. Uh, did you all hear um uh Sister Hadassa playing the piano? Did you all hear it? Okay. All right. That's going to go with my sermon here. Uh, but I just need to make sure you all heard it. Amen. Uh, and from the back, you might not have been able to see what notes she was playing. Uh, so you couldn't necessarily tell that she was playing by what you saw, but because of your hearing, you did hear it. Right. Is that right? Okay. All right. So, I'm glad we all heard it. One scripture that we'll read, Amen. on this morning is coming from the book of numbers and it is found in uh chapter uh 11 and it's verse 23. Praise the Lord. Uh numbers 11 and 23. Praise God. Let's see here. It says, "And the Lord said unto Moses, is the Lord's hand waxed short? Thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not." Let's pray over the scripture. Father, we are grateful for the ability to read the word and um what we read often times is things that have already happened on the earth us and and we're looking at the testimonies and and things that you have done. But because you are the same yesterday, today, and forever, then we can bring forward the things that you did and bring them into present tense to see how you will do now. So God, we ask that you would uh bless um um this the reading of the word as we've read it, but now give inspiration from it and uh Lord, minister to our hearts and to our needs and our conditions, our situations and circumstances. Our sister Vera is in need of uh a a touch. Her family is in need of a touch that only you can provide. You are a great comforter and we're asking that you would just intervene on their behalf in the loss of this loved one. Uh God, through this death, may somebody receive life. And uh we trust, oh God, that somehow someway uh people would come to know Jesus. We all must prepare for this. And if we're not ready for a rapture, this is this is um uh the scripture says it's appointed unto man once to die, but after that judgment. So God, we're praying that somehow you use this for your glory and for your honor. Give strength to this family, Lord, during during their time of bereavement. Touch those that are not able to be with us today. Look, remember our precious sister Dixon, God, that you would just continue to strengthen her and also Shantara. We ask that you remember her as well. Uh and God just just move on the needs of your people. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Praise the Lord. I have a very simple title. Amen. on today and I want I was just reading this scripture um a few weeks ago in our daily reading and um and as I read it uh the word that jumped out uh to me was now now uh and that's our title uh the L the Lord spoke to Moses and said thou shalt see now uh whether my word shall come to as unto thee, thou shalt see now. Now, amen. So, just bear with me as we make our way through this thought here today. Uh we're speaking on now here in the sermon, the angel of God. Uh the prophet makes a statement. And he says, "And understand now the angel of God sometime sometimes when a blessing is pronounced upon you." Sometimes when a blessing is pronounced upon you, he may not uh he may not be that he can get to you right then. It might not be just instant healing. Amen. He says, "But as you believe, a as you believe, your faith will make you whole." Some people have spontaneous faith. That's what I call now faith. Amen. Some people have spontaneous faith, great faith that deep. That's a miracle. Some of them have faith about that deep. It'll take a little while, right? But some has mustard seed faith. Uh very little. But just say but but just stay with it. It'll bring you out. It it'll materialize. I I like that. It it it'll materialize. It says uh when God spoke the dirt that you set over tonight, that's God's word. God just said, "Let there be." And his word materialized. Is that true? So God believed in his own word. Amen. He says, "Uh where where did he get that dirt?" Amen. And if it wasn't, he just spoke it. And it's and it's God's materialized word formed the earth that you set on. Oh, how wonderful. How fastf finding. Now, it's by faith that we believe him. God believed his own word. Amen. And it formed the word if we had time to go into those things. And I I like I like that that God believed his own word because uh what was in God is also inside of us. Amen. And so, so, so when we speak a word uh by inspiration that God has given us, we got to believe that. We got to hold on to it until that word comes to pass. It will materialize. Amen. It will materialize. I'm saying that again. It will materialize. Those things that you spoke over your business, it will materialize. Those things that you spoke over your body, it will materialize. Those things that you spoke over your family, it will materialize. Hallelujah. Glory to God. It will materialize. I don't care how long it take, it will come to pass. Amen. Amen. I believe that uh from the from that time, the prophet makes a statement here. It says uh in 25 years later uh he was 100 and she was 90. How are you feeling now dear? It says no different. Glory to God. Will have it anyhow. Greater miracle now than it was at the beginning. Just 25 years. So the longer you have to wait for it then the greater the miracle. Amen. Ah, I like that. The longer we have to wait for it, then the greater the miracle. Hallelujah. Oh, God, get ready to do something special. Oh, hallelujah. He said, he says, "Greater miracle now than it was at the beginning, just 25 years, but we claim to be the seed of Abraham." And if God doesn't instantly heal us, we say, "Well, I missed my healing." And then uh and then say, "We are the seed of Abraham." Abraham's seed takes God at his word and holds on to it. They meet God on the conditions and say, "Here it is. Father, it's settled right here tonight." Amen. That's the way the real seed of Abraham. Nothing can move them from it. No hurts, no pains, no aches, no nothing else, no doctor, 10,000, amen, can stand on and say you're dying. You say it's not so. Glory to God. See, they refuse. They refuse to hear anything else when you meet God. Yes, sir. Oh my God. My God. My God. We pray somebody will meet him today. Amen. Amen. Amen. It'll change how you talk. It'll change how you think when you come in contact with him. No matter what anybody else is saying, I heard from God. Amen. And that's all I need to hear from. One word from the Lord changes everything. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. So, uh here is um this little quote that I want to uh interject. I was asking, did you hear uh Sister Hadassa playing while I was talking? And everybody say yes, I heard it. So the first thing you ought to be is grateful that you have the ability to hear. Amen. Even if you couldn't see her playing the notes, you heard. Amen. And and and and and I believe we heard on on Wednesday night, I heard by the hearing of the ear, but now I see. I heard of thee by the hearing of the ear. I I heard of the things that you could do. Glory to God. But now I see. Amen. and and and the and and and brother Thomas was trying to tell us we we got to move from just hearing to actually seeing. When we go from hearing to seeing, not hearing about what God can do, but when we see what God has done, Amen. we move from a future tense, we move to now. Glory. And that's where I want to go is to now. Yes, sir. Amen. Bring me Bring me to now, Father. All right. In the message experiences, he says this, uh, but I, but could I be wrong there? He says, "Sure, I could. I could be colorblind." He's talking about a brother that, you know, he's trying to get the people to, uh, uh, uh, lift their faith and he's, you know, say, "This brother got a certain color suit on, a certain color shirt." He says, "I could be wrong there. Uh, I could be colorblind." He says, "The coat, you could be colorblind, uh, sir. You, you might." He says, "It might be altogether different. He might not have on a white shirt. Uh but you but you swear by that and and and and uh am I and I and I feel him. I say he's standing there be because I feel him. See I I could be wrong against that. But yet I know it. Just believe it with all my heart that he's standing there because the sense of feeling says he's there. The sense of feeling says he's there. Says now I want you to notice. Walk over there to the piano. I have another sense. He says, I want you to notice this. He says, up and down on the note a brother plays notes on the piano. I hear music. There's music in the room. Amen. Just keep hitting them, brother. Just hitting up and down on the keys. Any anywhere there. How many hears that? Glory to God. And I should say, how many heard that when sister uh Das play? How many heard that? Says, how many knows that, sister? Do do I see it? Do I feel it? I don't feel it and I don't see it. He says, "Do I taste it?" No. He says, he says, "Uh, smell it?" No. But how do I know it's playing there? I hear it. Amen. It's a sense of hearing. See, now I know someone say, "You don't hear that." Yes, I do. Amen. Glory to God. You Somebody say, "You don't hear." Yes, I do. Says, "Play it again, brother. I know I do." Don't you? Why? You hear it. You don't see it, but you hear it. You can't see music, can you? You can't taste music, feel music, can you? But you know it's music. You hear it. That's right. Well, brother, faith is the substance of things hoped for. the evidence of things you don't see, things you don't taste, things you don't feel, things you don't smell, things you don't hear, but you know it's a faith. Praise God. In the same way, Amen. that you can hear the sister playing even though you could not see it and you couldn't smell and you couldn't taste it and you couldn't feel it, you heard it. And by by hearing it, you know there is music in the room. Glory to God. And faith is the same amen type of sense that you have. It's a sick sense. And even when you can't feel it, when you can't see it, when you can't hear it, praise God. When you can't taste it, glory to God, when you can't smell it, still something on the inside of you tells you is there. Praise God. I say God going to do it now. Hey, I feel it now. I hear it now. I see it now. Praise God. [Applause] Glory to God. Our faith has got to elevate to believe God for the impossible. We don't have to keep putting things off into the future. Let's look for a now God because he is a now God. [Music] [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. He says, "Oh, God bless your hearts. I wish I could get you to see it." Look at here, friends. It's positive. Amen. It's that it's Is that shirt white? Well, uh, healing. Well, healing's right then. If you believe the substance, not what you most people just hope. Say, "I I I believe I'll get well." It says 999 out of every thousand passes by don't know the first principle of faith. That is right. They have they have hope instead of faith because faith is positive. Faith is positive. This scripture that we were reading, Amen. um out of Numbers 11 when we when we when we when we get the context of it, uh what was happening here is God had already provided for the children of Israel. They were complaining as they were on uh in the wilderness journey on their way to the promised land and they got to a spot where they're like the people the the mixed multitude, let me put it that way. Because sometimes you get people that you done shared things with and they don't have the same faith that you have and and then they might try to start speaking certain things to you to to almost diminish your faith. Amen. Right. But but but but but uh this mixed multitude as they were gathered there, they began to long for the things they had in Egypt and and they began to think about, you know, based on what our current experience is. Amen. in this wilderness journey. It was better for us back in Egypt. And some of the people began to talk and listen to some of these things like this and they begin to say these things out loud and and like, you know, we don't even have really much to eat out here. So God provided when he heard this, God said, "Now I'm going to give you something." And when God did it, let me tell you, God did it in the now. He didn't It wasn't a a a future tense. Y'all need something to eat? I'm in the morning. Praise God. when you wake up. You're going to see some frost all over the ground. That's for you to eat. Right. I mean, and God God provided their needs right then. That's right. Glory to God. But here's the problem that they got so used and so comfortable, Amen. to eating what God uh uh this mana that God provided. And and and then they got to complaining about the mana. Now, now here's the problem. Because sometimes God has done certain things for us and we get comfortable with the blessing. Oh hallelujah somebody. We get so comfortable we forget where that blessing came from. Amen. So we get very comfortable and next thing you know we go to complain and and this what happened to the children of Israel. They got complaining about the mana that God was providing daily for their needs. Lord have mercy. Amen. So Moses takes a request because the complain is like is all is is this all we got is is mana. Is this all we got is just mana. It says because uh you know this this this ain't enough for us. They said we want some meat. Jesus. They say okay you want some meat. Say I got something for you. And this is where he responds to Moses in prayer. And in verse 23, uh, Numbers 11:23 says, "And the Lord said unto Moses, is the Lord hand waxed short?" I mean, do do you have a need that God cannot provide? Is the Lord hand waxed short? It says, "Thou shalt see." Oh my my my my. When you get God so upset that he wants to move in now, thou shalt see now. I done heard all your complaining. I done heard all your doubt and and all your, you know, all these things you've been saying, but you thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not. What promise has God made you? Hallelujah. I'm here today to tell you that God says, "Thou shalt see now. Hallelujah. I receive that. Thou shalt see now." And when God made this promise. Amen. The rest of the chapter shows how God the next morning God allowed quails to come down. Amen. And the people found quail, they had so much meat, an overflow of meat. The meat. They had so much meat. God said, "You going to have so much meat. You going to eat so much meat that meat going to come out your nose, brother. That's that's a lot of meat." But but let me tell you something. Don't play with God. When when it comes to his word, my God, Brother Brandham say he'll bankrupt heaven before he allow his word not to come to pass. When God starts moving in now, we start having overflow. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. I was looking at this and I and I'm expecting I'm expecting now. Now, I know there's some sometimes it's spontaneous blessings and sometimes a span of time. No matter what, God going to move. But even when the when the span of time miracle comes to pass, it has just moved to now. Amen. It's no longer future work, but it's move. It just moved to now. Amen. Now, look at this. Uh I was looking at the definition for this word now, and it means at the present time, it's uh it's it's the present time or the present moment. Like you are sitting in church now, right? This is the present time. Says, uh maybe somebody's watching a uh uh uh watching the stream. You're watching the stream now. You're in the present, right? And and the other thing about this this when another definition for the word now is without further delay. When we talk about now, no more delay. Hallelujah. Brother, when when Abraham and Sarah reached 25 years, they had reached now. Glory to God. No more delay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I believe if God would inspire a sermon like this, then we have come to this place again. We are at now. No more delay. Satan, you done tried to block this and you done tried to block that. But we kept pressing on by faith. And because we pressed on by faith, we are now walking in now. We are here at now. On the map, you want to circle. I'm right here now. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I'm not talking about where I'm going to. I'm talking about where I am. And I am in now present tense. [Applause] Glory to God. Without further delay, it says immediately, [Music] at once. Amen. and and and they got a little they got a a little example. I either do it now or don't do it at all. Amen. Sometimes you have to tell your kids that. Either get it done right now or don't do it at all. It's going to be repercussions when you don't do it at all. Glory to God. Got them dishes in the sink and I told you to wash them dishes and now you sleep in your beds. But I'm coming to get you out your bed. And I want you to get up now. Hello, somebody. Brother, when people move to now, they mean business. And when God moves to now, he mean he means business. You know, I was thinking on the story of the centurion. Amen. and and and when he sent to Jesus says, "I got a servant here that is sick and I I want him to be prayed for and and you know, I I just don't have any confidence in any of the religious leaders here, but I've heard about your ministry. I'd like for you to come pray for him. Now, I'm not worthy that I could come to you and even ask you. So, I'm sending some of your your your your fellow countrymen to come and ask you, and if you don't mind, would you come and just pray over this servant? It's not even a prayer for me, but I need you to pray over my servant cuz he just mean that much to me." And and here Jesus gets up and he heads to this man house. And as the man see the crowd coming and with Jesus, he said he runs out the house. And he says, uh, he says, you know, I'm not even worthy for you to even come under my roof. I'm just glad you come come this far. I'm glad you got to this spot that I could see and that you responded to my request. He says, but but I'm not worthy that you should come under my roof. He said, but but but here's the thing. He says, uh, I'm a man under authority. And when I when I when I when I say to a servant of mine go, he goeth. When I say to another one, "Come," he cometh. And what this man was saying is that when I say go, it's not uh I'll go when I feel like it. Uh I I'll go uh you know when I when I get up when I you know when I when I think when it when I think it's time for me to go that's when I'm he said no no no that I'm a man under authority. When I say things out of my mouth when I say I tell this man I don't care what he doing. I don't care what prayers he got. Go. That man dropped everything he doing and he goes. And then here's another man. When I say come, he drop everything he doing. He comes because these people act in now. Amen. Amen. That's right, brother. It says now if I have that type of authority over just human beings, I know you a man also under authority and you got control over spirits. Hallelujah. You control sickness. You control disease. Hallelujah. You control anything and everything I'm dealing with. So I got a servant here that is sick. I can't tell him come and tell him go. The man can't move. But I ask you to come to my house because I believe you have authority over this. And if you can't come in the house, just speak the word. Hallelujah. And hallelujah. Once the word is spoken, the man say, "I know my servant will be made whole." That man was operating in a now faith. Hey, now faith is the substance of things hoped for. Amen. The evidence of things not seen. That's what your faith is. Amen. [Applause] Jesus spoke the word and that man was healed immediately. Now, we have a God that operates in in now. Hallelujah. This word immediately is a synonym to the word now. So if you hear me using that, you understand where I'm coming from. I looked up the definition for immediately. And the other thing I need you to know about immediately, it's an it's a it's a adverb. Ver verb verb mean action. So immediately it means straightway or straight away at once. It also means right away. Right now. God, I need you to move right now. Instantly. It means now. It means directly, promptly, forth with this very minute. This this instant. Yes, sir. There and then, here and here and now. I need you to move in a flash. Immediately, it's without delay. Yes, sir. Without hesitation. Without further ado, Yes sir. It says, "Post haste, quickly, as fast as possible, fast, speedily, with all speed, as soon as possible." And then they put ASAP at the end of it. Amen. Brother, when you write ASAP, you when most people write ASAP, whenever you use ASAP, you never use it in lower case. You always use ASAP in uppercase. And when you use uppercase, it's to draw people's attention to the urgency of the matter. Oh, hallelujah. I believe somebody sent an email to heaven. God, I need you now. [Music] Glory. He knows what you're going through. He knows your situation. On your finances, he can move now. In your body, he can move now. On your job, he can move now. In your business, he can move now. In your family, he can move now. [Music] [Applause] [Music] ASAP. Woo. [Applause] I was, you know, looking at this word immediately. Just wanted to search it out and I found that uh you never find the word immediately even in the Old Testament. It's a New Testament word. Now, God did through things immediately in the Old Testament. We know he did that. But, but the word just wasn't found there. He did some now things. I just read you how he told Ma Moses, you going you going you thou shalt see now. That's an immediate, right? You're going to see now whether whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not. You're going to see it now. Oh, I'm receiving this. This ain't for y'all. This for me. This one for me. I'm preaching to me today. Amen. I'm I I mean, he he told me, I'm I'm going to re I'm going to rejoice over you to do you good. I'm going to plant you in the land assuredly. [Applause] And and maybe I could respond say, "Lord, when you going to do it?" His response to me today would be now. And I say, "Amen. God, I receive it. [Applause] I'm looking for change. Now, you ought to get tired of seeing the devil just do whatever he want to do when he want to do it. No, Satan. I'm putting a stop to that today. I'm putting a stop to it right now. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] As I search for this word immediately, Amen. in scripture. I found so many verses in the New Testament where this word is found and I could not read all of them today. But what I did want to do is take the word immediately at least out of the four gospels at least one situation out of the four gospels where God moved. Now all right Matthew 8 verse 2-4 the Bible says and behold there came a leper and worship worshiped him saying Lord if thou wilt thou can't make me clean and Jesus put forth his hand and touched him saying I will be thou clean and immediately mediately. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. This man can situation changed now. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed. Amen. And look at this now. And Jesus said unto him, see thou tell no man, but go thy way, show thyself to the priests, and offer the gift that Moses commanded for a testimony unto them. Now, now, now here, this man has just been healed of leprosy. Everybody else know he got leprosy. How is it that he can tell nobody, right? The testimony was already speaking for itself. And just by walking through the city, the people knew, ain't this a guy that was outside the city cuz he had leprosy. They knew something happened to him. He said, "But don't don't stop and testify to nobody. Go straight to the priests." And when you get that to them priests, offer the same thing that Moses offer. And then they would have to identify that this man had been healed. Yes, sir. The priest would have to have to do it, you know. But but I love the fact that when Jesus touched him, he was healed. Immediately. Woo. Glory to God. We serve an immediate God. Hallelujah. Here's another story out of Mark chapter 2. You all are very familiar with this particular story. Amen. In the scripture, Mark chapter 2:1, the Bible says, "And again he entered into Capernaum after some days, and it was noised that he was in the house." Amen. He's here this morning. He's in the house. It was noise that he was in the house. And straightway, see, straightway is another uh immediately or now. Amen. Straight way many were gathered together. Now that that's that's the beautiful part. Now, if you want to see God do something now, you going to have to do something now. Amen. If you know, Amen. that there's a gathering at a certain place. Amen. And you know that Jesus is in that place, you can't be going somewhere else expecting God to do something. You got to go where Jesus is if you want to see him do something for you now. Amen. Amen. Straightway many were gathered together in so much that there was no room to receive them. No, not so much as about the door. And he preached the word unto them. My God. And they come unto him bringing one sick of the of of the policy which was born of four. So he got four friends carrying him to the meeting. Amen. When they could not come nigh unto him for the press because there's too many people there, they uncovered the roof where he was, brother. They came up and did something different. And you can't keep coming to church doing the same thing. Amen. And and expecting something different. You got to do something different if you want to see God do something different. Brother, when they got to church, they weren't satisfied sitting on the outside. These brothers went up to the roof where Jesus were inside and uncovered the roof. [Music] Amen. They uncovered the roof where he was. And when they had broken it up, tore up the roof, probably ain't leave no offering to fix it back either. Broke it up. They had a need, church. It says, it says they let down the bed wherein the sick of Pauly lay. Man, the need some they they meant business. When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the policy, "Son, thy sins be forgiven thee." Oh my. But but but but there were certain of the scribes sitting there and and reasoning in their hearts, why do this man thus speak blasphemy? Who can for forgive sins but God only? Didn't realize God was in the flesh right there in their midst. Look at this. And immediately when Jesus perceived in his spirit that they so reason within themselves, he said unto them, why reason ye these things in your hearts? Right? Whether it is easier to say to the sick of the policy, thy sins be forgiven thee. Or to say, arise and take up thy bed and walk. Now, the reason Jesus could speak certain words like this is because he realized when he died on the cross, it was for a dual atonement. Amen. He died for two purposes. Oh, hallelujah. One was to bring forgiveness to your sins. Amen. But the other was to bring healing to your body. Amen. Oh my my my my my. He was wounded for my transgressions. He was bruised for my iniquities. The chastisement of my peace is upon him. And with his stripes, woo, I'm declaring it right now. Hey, I'm speaking now over my body. With his stripes, I am now healed. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Lord, I I I might not have time to get to this this spot, but I'm I'mma tell y'all something. Amen. When when God gives you a promise, he gives it to you in seed form. All right. Come on now. All right. And and and when you get a seed, you have to plant it. Come on. Hallelujah. But just because you plant it, don't mean it's going to grow. Brother, there's some other things you need to do to that seed. In order for it to get life after it has been planted, you must water it. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. That's in the natural. You have to water the seeds in order for it to grow. But when God's word, Amen, is also a seed and it comes into your heart. Brother Brandham told us the way that we water the seed, the way we bring the seed to manifestation, the way we see the seed grow is by giving God praise. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. And you got to learn how to water. Amen. Every promise that God give you, water with a amen. Water with a glory to God. Water with Lord, I thank you for speaking to me. Thank you for speaking to my condition. Thank you for speaking to my situation. Lord, I'm loading with praise. I ain't waiting to feel nothing. I ain't waiting to see nothing. I got the word and that's all I need. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, I praise you. Water the promises with praises. [Applause] Oh, glory. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. [Applause] Amen. You keep working. It's going to materialize. It's going to manifest. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. The the the scripture goes on to say in verse 10, I believe. Amen. It says, "But that you may know that the son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins. He said to the sick of apostul, I say unto thee, arise and take up thy bed and go thy way into thine house. Now look, if that man uh would not have received that now word, oh my God, you know, sister Ashley got a a blessing over over something like this. You know, uh, brother Brandham had a lady come through the prayer line and he told her, say, "Now, sis, do this, do that, do this, and and she didn't do it." And he said, "Now, because you didn't do it, you you just missed your blessing." Mhm. Well, another lady came through the prayer line a little bit after had the same condition and brother Brandham told her something to do. She did it immediately. That's right. She moved into now. Right. And when she moved there, say every she got she got to bless everything she was looking for from God, she got it that at that moment because she moved amen into now. And look, if you going to re if you want to receive now, you got to move to now. And and this brother's move from now was take up your bed. That mean you got to get out this bed, brother. I I don't I mean I don't I don't know how he got out, but he got out based on what Jesus told him. And and I just have a feeling that if you told me to get out, you going to uphold me. You going to do something to keep me going because you the one told me. And and this actually look by you telling me this in front of all these people, if this thing don't come to pass, that's on you. So, I'mma move by faith. I'mma get up out my C. Glory to God. And I'mma walk out of here. I'mma carry my bed home. The man moved into now. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I say unto thee, arise and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine own house. And look at this. and immediately. Amen. Hallelujah. That mean when when when it's immediate, I'm not thinking. I'm not processing in my mind. Now, what if this don't work? And what about this? And what about that? And you got your calculator out. You're trying to calculate all these things. God will blow your calculator up. Hallelujah. Your calculator ain't acting in now. Your calculator acting in the future. Oh my. You know when you move in overflow, you don't even pull out your calculator. [Music] [Applause] And now brings us to overflow. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Jesus. Amen. My God. You think Bill Gates is calculating? Lord. Amen. Amen. Not the way I'm calculating. He think about how much I'm going to put in savings and how much I'm going to put in investment and that's that's a different type of calculation. That's not well I got to pay this and then I got to pay that and I got to see how much. No, that's not now. That was then, but I'm talking about now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all in so much that they were all amazed and glorified God, saying, "We never saw it on this fashion." Lord, I want to say the same thing. God, you done so much. I ain't never seen it like this. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. This word immediately is found also in Luke 4:38 through 40 says, "And he arose out of the synagogue and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever, and they besought him for her. And he stood over her and rebuked the fever. When he rebuked it, guess what it did? And it left her. I rebuke sickness in the name of Jesus. [Music] I rebuke it right now in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Every pain, I rebuke it in the name of Jesus. That ain't how God made my body to operate. I rebuke it in the name of Jesus. I'm standing over just like Jesus stood over Peter's brother-in-law. I rebuke it in the name of Jesus. Whatever it is, I rebuke it. If it's out of God's normal operating pattern, I rebuke it in the name of Jesus. And he stood over her and rebuked the fever and it left her and immediately she arose and ministered unto them. Amen. I remember brother Wesco used to say one time he was feeling really sick and um and you know and he was you know just really moping around the house just sick and and uh and he just but he always had a confession of faith. By his stripes I'm healed by and he just kept saying it and no matter what his body was feeling like brother Wesco just kept speaking faith. Then he say uh something spoke to him. He say if you believe that you're healed why you still in these clothes in your house like this? Yeah. Get out your get out get out your pajamas, put on some clothes and go to Dunkin' Donuts because he like going to Dunkin Donuts. And he got up out of there and went to Dunkin Donuts and grabbed what he wanted to eat and and his body came in line with his confession. Brother, we not talking about nobody that live back in Bible days. We had a we had a present day witness. Brother Wesco is a man of faith. Sister Wesco, woman of faith. We we seen how God operated in their lives. Amen. We ought to believe God for the impossible. Amen. Amen. Amen. Immediately she arose and minister unto them. So when you when you move to now, it it's one thing to just agree with now, but it's another thing to move to now. You begin to operate differently. You begin to talk differently. Amen. You begin to think differently. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Immediately she arose and ministered unto them. And now when the sun was setting all, and look at this, when the sun was setting, after they heard this testimony, when the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with diverse diseases. Now, this was just a fever. But now they bringing anything. If a if God can do that for a fever, they bring everything. Yes, sir. I'm talking about the ones that the doctors don't even have a name for. We never seen this before. Bring it to Jesus. That's right. Yes, sir. When the sun was setting, all they that had any sick with diverous diseases brought them unto him, and he laid his hands on every one of them and healed them. Brother, these were people that moved to now. And here's the thing. The reason that they did it then because Jesus was there now. He might not be here tomorrow. All right. He might not be here next week. I don't know when he coming back to this city, but since he here now, I'm going to do some now things. I'm going to get my sick and I'm bringing him to the house of the Lord. Amen. I'm I whatever my burden is, I'm bringing it to lay it at his feet. Yes, sir. I know you I I know the doctor gave up on you, but I got I got good news. Jesus is here. Amen. All kind of diseases will heal. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. John 11. This is a story of Lazarus. And the story of Lazarus. We know that Lazarus was sick. The sisters sent word to Jesus to say, "Please come. You know, our brother's sick and you know the one that you love. please come and do something about this because we realize if you get here Jesus, right? This thing is done. All right. I don't care what they said. I I know if Jesus show up, this thing is done. And and and Jesus delayed. Not only did Lazarus get sick and he delayed, but Lazarus had already died. And Jesus still had not come. Four days has gone by. Lazarus, they don't Jesus didn't even show up to the funeral of his good friend. He couldn't show up to the funeral because life and death can't exist in the same place at the same time. So, so, so, so, so four days have gone by and they're still in grieving and people at the house and mourning and everything and Jesus found to tell the disciples, uh, hey, let's go and, uh, visit Lazarus. You know, Lazarus is sleeping. They said, he's sleeping. say that's good. We need some sleep oursel. Say if he's sleeping, he say he say said, "Don't bother now, Jesus. Just let a man sleep." Say, "No, no, y'all don't y'all don't get it. I'm I'm just I use that terminology for you, but but what I'm really trying to tell you is that Lazarus is dead and we're going to the house. Okay, we'll we'll go to the house." And get there and they're on their way. And um and when they get there, Mary and Martha being comforted by all these people, but verse 20 in in John 11 tells us something. Then Martha as soon as she heard sometime all you got to do is just hear it. Because when you hear it, then it causes you to know it. Yes. Oh, I'mma say it again. When you hear it, it causes you to know it like you heard Sister Adasa playing so nobody could tell you that you didn't hear her playing. You knew she was playing because you heard it. Hallelujah. And when God speaks a word to you in your inner man and your faith connects to it, you don't it don't matter what you hear, what you smell, what you taste, what you see, you know you got it because God gave it to you. Amen. So Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him. She moved from where she was to where she needed to be. Went and met him. But Mary sat still in the house. Right. Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou had been here, my brother had not died. But I know she's moving herself. She's she's shifting positions. But I know that even now whatsoever thou will ask of God, God will give it thee. She had no idea what she was saying. But her faith declared that, "Yeah, I know my brother been dead for 4 days, but you here now. And whatever you ask God now, God will give it to you." I got that kind of faith. Look at this. Now look at this. Look at this. Jesus said unto her, "Thy brother shall rise again." Oo. Now what? Wait a minute. Yeah. That's a That's a That's a difficult one. Now, I know I just said, "Whatever you ask God, he'll do." I wasn't thinking about that, though. See, I'm going to tell you something. God knows how to do exceedingly abundantly. above all you can ask or even think he does. God, I need one of them. One of them exceeding, one of them abundant above all I can even ask or think cuz that's the type of God you are. I need that now. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Martha said unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day. I believe in that. Jesus said unto her, now see this is the reason that the man needed to die because this attribute had to be expressed. The attribute of the resurrection needed to be expressed and it could not be expressed unless the man had died. Four days dead. Amen. It make the testimony greater. Jesus said her, I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. Thank you, Lord. And whosoever believeth, whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. And he asks the question, "Believest thou this?" The story goes on and we don't have time to read it all, but you know, uh, finally she goes to get her sister say, "Jesus here and he calling for you." Jesus meet tells her sister, "Y'all y'all show me where he lay where where where where he lays." And and even in the even in Jesus speaking all this what we got later on in in that passage that Jesus cried right along with them. Jesus wept. Shortest verse in the Bible. Jesus wept and he was crying because he could feel the emotions. But yet he knew that he was there by a vision and he knew that you know by by being there God he already knew what God was going to do but he still felt the emotions of the people. Oh my God. My God. He knows what you're going through. He understands. He feels it. But he's got a better plan for you. And and here here here you know uh uh they finally get him to the grave and and again if you want to see a now God, you got to do now things. And and what he what he told the ladies, he told the sisters, all them men standing around, he looked at them. You Mary, you Martha roll the stone away. Yes. And like we heard on Wednesday night, he could have did this himself. He could have spoken the stone would have rolled away. But no, but but but because he wants you to be a part of the miracle, he says, "You rolled the stone away." And when they finally got the stone rolled away, my God the prophet told us that Jesus, Amen, being who he was, it had he spoken come forth, he said everything that was buried, anybody that been dead for I don't care how long they was dead, had he said come forth, everything would have come out to earth. That's right. He had to call Lazarus by name. Lazarus. come forth. That's right. Amen. And a man that had been dead for 4 days come walking out of the grave. And the people saw a miracle that was in the now. God want to do miracles in the now. And and and Moses, don't think you you don't don't think my hand is that short. I heard I heard these complaints. I I Yeah, I Yeah, I heard I heard them. I heard everything they said. I saw the things they wrote down. Yeah, I saw it. But But let me let me He say he say he said, "Thou shalt see." Now, whether my words should come to pass unto thee or not. I I like that. I like that. There is um there's a couple more that I want to I want to bring to you. Let me let me just see here. Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus. There was a um a story in John 4 and Lord have mercy. I got a couple things here. Faith cometh by hearing. Let me go to that quote. Faith cometh by hearing. says, "I'm telling you faith, but you got to have hope and charity. If you got real burly faith and no love with it, you've ruined your influence before the people. If you got if you haven't got love mixed with it, see, you seen people real burly, what we would say, excuse expression of bulldog faith." And see, it's okay to have a bulldog faith, but you got to have some love with your bulldog faith because you can have bulldog faith and just just kind of uh exclude everybody. You ain't got faith like me, you ain't nothing. No, no, no, no. You got a gift. You got a gift of bulldog faith. Everybody don't have that same gift. But every gift is is is for the edification of the body. We need some people with some real bulldog faith. And we need some people that kind of take it easy. Amen. They they they they approach things more in a me methodical way. God still made that person, right? He says, "So you got to have love with it no matter what." Now you got to have love. He says he says you see people a real burly what we say excuse expression of bulldog faith to grab a hold but but it but it's so rough with it. Then you see when you do that, it hasn't got the kindness here to move with it. See, bulldog already says it's done. I don't Man, that thing is done. I I knew that was going to happen years ago. But you just got to wait for other people to get to that same spot. And you got to show love to them while they coming along. Hallelujah. He said, then you see when you when you do that, it it hasn't got the kindness here to move with it. See, so what we need is hope, faith, and charity. Hope, faith, and charity. And and some people in the church move in the realm of hope. You know what hope says is that, you know, I seen God do it for my brother, seen God do it for my sister. I'm I'm just believing that he'll do it for me. That's hope. I I'm believing he going to do it for me, right? That's hope. Because what you seeing God do for others. But when it come to having faith, it's like, no, no, no. It don't matter what he did for nobody else. I know what he going to do for me. That that that's that's that's bulldog faith. But you know, you can have hope and you can have faith, but you need another part in the church. Love. That's right. All three of them work together. We'll get things accomplished when we all work together. All right. Look now. It says, it says, "So that we need what we need is hope, faith, and charity." Isn't that right? Hope, faith, and charity together. God, help our church to have it like that. The people to have that have that combination. Amen. But if you just rely on hope, if you just rely on hope, then you hinder faith. Now, hope looks for something way off, but faith claims it right now. See, we need faith claiming right now people in the church to stop pushing it off into the future. No, claim that now, man. We need people with the spirit of Caleb. Yes, sir. Caleb, come back with that. I mean, come back with them other 10 spies. 11 spies and they come back with a negative report. I mean, yeah, we know God gave us a land, but now look here. Uh, we got evidence that's a good land. We got I mean, it's flowing with milk and honey. Got these big old grapes. We carrying them. Two men carrying a clutch at one time. You It's We got the evidence. But there's some giants over in that land eating these big old grapes. And we got to figure out a plan of how we going to devour these giants before we get to the grapes. Caleb steal the people. My God. Caleb say, "Stop that to talk." Pretty much like brother Wes say, Brother Wesco said, "Shut up." Come on, somebody. You got to tell the devil, "Shut up." I ain't listening to that no more. He said, "Let's go up at once and possess what God has promised us." We need Calebs with that kind of faith in the church. Yes, sir. Amen. As long as they got some love. Hallelujah. Hope will hinder faith. But faith got to be able to love hope. All right. Amen. Amen. Boy, we got we get that combination there. We going we going to get something accomplished. Amen. Hope looks for something way off, but faith claims it right now. Faith says God said so and it's mine. That settles it. See, I don't care if I'm still crippled, I'm still blind, I'm still sick. That don't have nothing to do with it. I believe it anyhow. It's mine right now. God said so, and that settles it. See, that's faith. But hope says, God said so. I'm expecting to get it. Oh, I'm moving I'm moving away from hope today. I I've had it, but I'm moving away today. God done encouraged my spirit. I'm I'm moving from hope over to faith with love. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Faith say I can have it now. Uh God says so it's mine. That settles it. I don't care if I'm still crippled, if I'm still blind, if I'm still sick. That don't have nothing to do with it. I believe it anyhow. It's mine right now. God says so and that settles it. See, that's faith. He says, "But hope says God said so, and I'm expecting to get it someday." You see, I'm expecting it someday. As long as Satan can put you off to another day. That's as good as he wants. Are y'all tired of y'all promises being held up? I know I'm tired of it. Amen. God, I want to see you move. [Music] Amen. Because I I I I seen you work for others. I need you to work for me. I've seen you heal others. I need you to heal me. I seen you make a way for others. God, I need you to make a way for me. I release you, God. do a work. [Applause] Lord, if as long as Satan can put you off to another day, that's as good as he wants. That's right. You'll never get it. Just believe that you got it right now. Just believe that you got it right now. It's your personal property. Amen. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. Is that right? Faith acts now is positive. Says, "Oh my, I tell you, sickness and everything else when faith steps in. It's just like a snowball on a hot stove. It just melts away. Everything goes away from faith. Cuz faith stands up and takes over rule. When faith speaks, everybody else keeps still. That's right. Hallelujah. Brother, faith is greater than EF Hutton. You You all remember the EF Hutton commercial? When EF Hutton talked, boy, everybody just stopped in their tracks. I mean, he'd be on park bench just talking up something. Somebody come by jogging. EF Hutton. But that that's what faith is. When when faith begins to speak, everything else just hush. Woo. I like that. Let me give you just uh Mark 11:23- 24. That's the scripture that was being referred to in u in that quote. Mark 11 23- 24. For verily I say unto you that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, whatever that mountain is that you have this morning, you say unto this mountain, be thou removed. I don't I I don't know what the mountain is that's stopping us from getting our church, but I'm speaking this morning. Be thou removed. Mountain be moved. Yes. Whatever the mountain is, I don't care what it is, be moved. Amen. [Music] Be thou cast into the sea, Lord. And shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith. Yeah. We going to have our church and school. Amen. God has already provided. Yes. Amen. Amen. He going to do the exceeding, the abundant above all we can ask or think. Yeah. I'm giving God praise in advance for what I know he going to do. And we ain't going to be broke after we buy the church. We're going to still be living in the overflow. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, what things soever ye desire when ye pray, believe that ye receive them and ye shall have them. That's why you got to water it with your praise. God, I know you heard me, so I'm just gonna thank you in advance. And as I'm thank you in advance, I'm bringing myself to the materialization of my promise, the manifestation of my promise. I look here, I ain't going to I look, let me just be honest and just tell you, I'm not going to be praising him after it happened. No, I'm going be on this side before it happened. I'm going to be praising him here and my praise just going to allow me to cross over to there. But my praise going to start way over there. Hallelujah. Lord, you know, I I'm going just say Jger Middle School ain't going to be the same. [Music] We We done We done had some good times here. And y'all see, I'm speaking in the past. We done had some good times here. We've enjoyed the presence of the Lord at 3777 Jog Road. We thank God for that. Amen. It was it was it was completion and perfection. And and God God blessed right here in this place. Woo. Last Sunday, I I I didn't know Sister Michelle was out here shouting like the way she was shouting. But we done had some services right here. It It's something about wherever we go, we have church. Praise God, brother. We can be around the corner and have church. We can be in Green Acres and have church. We'll come to your house and we'll have church. We'll go to a schoolhouse, we have church. We know we know how to praise God wherever we at because Paul said, "I learn, amen, to be content in whatever state I'm in." Amen. I'm not going to complain. I'm not going to, amen, get frustrated. I'm going to praise God right where I'm at. But if God closed one door and has not opened the next door, I find myself stuck in a hallway. But in the hallway, I will praise him. I will praise him. Glory to God. He's still worthy to be praised in the hallway. I'm not praising him by by the door that's closed. I'm praising him for the door that's about to be open. I'm moving from back then to now. Oh yes, we've had some wonderful services here. But in a season of now, Something has to change. And we speaking to every mountain, [Applause] mountain of finances, mountain of people making decisions. We don't care what the mountain is. We move cast into the sea. We don't heard too many other people testimonies. I now now now it's time for our testimony. Amen. Um, therefore I say unto you, what what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. I'm skipping around in this sermon. I'm bringing it to a close, but there is enough here to keep going. There's a a a story that I was reading in John uh chapter actually two two verses here. John uh 4 46 and let me I'll just kind of make mention brother brother Brandon made a statement. Just give me John 4:46 and I'll I'll read it here in a second. making a statement about that scripture we just read out of Mark 11. Therefore I say unto you, whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive, you shall have them. He says, watch the order of the scripture. Believe now you receive it. Now when you believe you got it, you have no evidence. There's nothing there to show that you got it, but you believe you got it and just keep believing and it'll be given to you. So, uh, John 4:46 is an example of of this. A man was given a promise and, um, he had no evidence that it was that way. But because he believed, amen, it materialized. here in verse 46 John 4 says uh so Jesus came again into Canaan of Galilee where he made the water wine. There was a certain noble man whose son was sick at Capernaum. When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judea into Galilee, he went unto him and besought him that he would come down and and heal his son, for he was at the point of death. Then said Jesus unto him, "Except you see the signs and wonders, you will not believe." The nobleman saith unto him, "Sir, come down, air, my child die." Now, now look what this man was was showing that I'm not going to let your statement shake me. I got a dying child and I need I need you now. He says Jesus said unto him, go thy way, thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way. And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, "Thy son liveth." Then inquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. So when did my son begin to get better? You say, "My son living, I ain't even made it home yet." And and now he ain't even told him what Jesus said yet, but they done give him the testimony. Your son living, you ought to start rejoicing. your son. But he he had a question when when when when uh when when he began to amend and they said to him, "Yesterday at the seventh hour, the fever left him." So the father knew that it was at that the same hour in the which Jesus said unto unto him, "Thy son liveth and himself believed." So it's not just when he spoke it, but it's also when the man mixed his faith with what was being said. When he believed, I wonder if somebody believe in now. Amen. If you'll just mix your faith with what God has given us. He says, so so the father knew that it was at the same hour in the which Jesus said unto him, thy son liveth in himself believed in his whole house. This is again the second miracle that Jesus did when he was come out of Judea into Galilee. They call it the second miracle because the first miracle happened back in John chapter 2 in Canaa of Galilee where Jesus turned the water into wine. I was just reading that passage again and looking at and some of the things that I saw there is Mary comes to Jesus and she says, "Uh, Jesus, there's a problem. There's a problem here at this wedding." And I know ain't nobody here in the wedding can do nothing about it but you. the the the parents of the bride can't fix this one. The parents of the groom can't fix this one. All the other guests that are here, nobody can do anything about this but you. So, I'm coming to you. All right. And let me let me help you understand Mary was not looking for him to do something in the future. They needed something now. So as uh a as she approaches him say she said you know say look they they out of wine they out of wine here at this wedding and and and that's going that's going to really look bad on these on on the host. That's going to look really bad. It's like it's like having a um a wedding reception and running out of food. Look, save your money, young people. When y'all get married, people going to buy you a gift. They expecting a little something for their gift. They want to eat. Not no. Oh, let me just stay out of that. Let me stay out of Let me stay out of that. Let me stay out of that cuz I I I I've I've I've seen I've been to some weddings in my days and I've I've had different menus that were presented and some just like after I left the wedding I say let me find the nearest restaurant I can get to cuz I did not eat nothing. Don't be trying to be cute at no wedding with no cute idea. Feed folk. Lord, get let me get out of [Music] here. A early afternoon wedding is great because we going to be hungry right after the wedding. Don't be trying to bring us out there no 7:00 in the morning when the sun rise. No, no, you trying to get out of feeding us. [Music] These people were in trouble. They were in a lot of trouble and said he said he said Mary said Mary say look um they um they out of wine say we going to we got to he say I'm I'm bringing this to you because I know you can do something and Jesus tell Mary said woman woman woman my time is not yet why you asking me this it ain't time for me to kind of reveal who I am it's not it's not my time yet and she she just heard what he said didn't say nothing back but she went to attendants and other guests. She said, "Whatever he tell you to do, you you just do it." And he looked and he saw six pots and and and the Bible call them fans. It means they had a certain amount of uh something in it already, right? maybe water or something like that. But but what he tells them to do now she say whatever he tell you to do just go do it. Now here's what he told him. Take the six pots and fill them up with water. As I was reading this, I'm just thinking to myself, I'm I'm talking to me and maybe y'all wouldn't think like this. Y'all might not think like this. They fill them up with water. They fill them up to the brim and the water just seeping out of them. They they bring them back. And the next thing he tells him to do, take from the pot and give it to the governor of the feast. Now, this is my thinking. I just filled this pot up with water. It's overflowing with water and you want me to give water to the governor? You realize they not looking for water, right? They want wine. Yeah. They out of wine. They not out of water. They out of wine. Jesus. Anybody think they would be in the same boat that I'm in? Oh yeah. Let me tell you something. If you in that boat, both of us would miss the miracle. Because because the instruction, if you want to see now, you got to move to now. And the instruction is fill it up with water and now take out of it and give it to the governor of the feast. Amen. Now, what happened in between here and there, that ain't up to you. That's up to me. You just fill it up with water and then take out of that and give it to the governor of the feast. Yes, sir. Amen. So, somewhere somewhere somewhere. Yes, sir. Somewhere. Amen. Between me filling it up with water and giving it to the governor somewhere. Somewhere somewhere. [Music] Amen. Somewhere between here and there. The miracle of the water to the wine. Yes, sir. Took place. Hallelujah. Sometime God just need us to operate by faith. Just do do things that seem crazy to us. I'mma fill it up with water, but I'm expecting wine. How I'm going to make it wine? That ain't my job. Right. And here's the thing. When when when the man got the wine, and this is this is what everybody was a part of this this this testimony because when man got the wine, the governor tasty say, most weddings, they actually put out the cheap wine at the beginning, right? They they they they Well, no, no, no. They say they put out the best wine at the beginning and then they save that cheap wine for the end after everybody drunk and can't really taste nothing no more. That that's what that most wedders they do it that way. Say, but man, at your wedding at your feast at this celebration, man, you saved the best. Woohoo. for last. And that's what happens when we move to now. God will give you his best. Oh yes, he will. The testimony God is preparing you for. Man, people ain't never heard nothing like this before. Other thing he did between here and there, he bypassed processes. So God, if you have to bypass the bank, if you have to bypass a lender, if you have to bypass the mortgage broker, God, whatever you got to bypass somewhere between here, can I put it this way? Somewhere between this Sunday, and next Sunday, can I just take a step of faith and put it out there? God, do something now. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Lord, amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Immediately, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Let the musicians come. Turn the service back over to brother Troy. Let's have a word of prayer. Father, your word has come to us. For some reason, you had me read that scripture and As I read it, Lord, just that word just really popped out to me. Just held it, Father, for a little bit. And want to just bring it and bring strength and encouragement to the people. Sometimes when we do that, there's an inspiration that comes from the word and we we operate, we walk in that inspiration and our expectation is that you will back up the inspiration of the word just as you did for Moses when he said, "The Egyptians you have seen day you shall you shall see no more forever. That was a now moment. They were looking at Egyptians that day. They were running for their lives that day. They were tired of running. Yes. And God, you moved then. Yes. Moses stretched out his rod. Oh God. And from there, oh God, they walked through on dry land. and and Father, the exceeding, the abundant above all that they could ask or think after they walked through on dry land, Moses stretched the rod back out and my God, Lord, the the army of Pharaoh was drowned in a Red Sea. Lord, the sisters began to pull the tambourines out. They began to worship you to see what you had done. And Father, we're not going to wait to praise you. We're going to start praising you right now. Amen. G. We know. We've heard from heaven. We've seen it in your word. And as it was said earlier, Jesus is a way maker. One day he made a way for me. Let that be our testimony. Today is the day. Amen. That you made a way for us. Amen. It's in Jesus name we pray. Thank you for now. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Say, "Praise the Lord this morning." Praise the Lord. Say, "Praise the Lord this morning." Praise the Lord. Amen. He's a right now God. You believe it? Amen. Amen. Just claim it. You know, when I was praying this morning, you know, over the offering, I mentioned the church. I shared something with brother Jack uh couple months ago. I said, "We have to just plant it." And our church is literally going to manifest before our eyes. Amen. It's going to literally manifest by faith. We plant the seed into the ground. We water it with our faith. And out of the dust of the earth, arise, our church. Amen. Amen. Amen. And we'll know. Amen. That it was God. See, God ain't no man in this. This is going to be God. And we'll know it was all God. Amen. How many believe he's an on time God? I say, how many believe he's an on time God? How many believe he's a right now God? Amen. He's an ontime God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an alltime God. Yes, he is. Hey, come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, he's an alltime God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an alltime God. Yes, he is. [Music] Oh, come when you want it. But he'll give it right on time. He's an on time Lord. Yes, he is. Oh, you can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea by that mean Pharaoh and his army. They had water all around him. Pharaoh on the track. From out of nowhere, God stepped in and built the highway just like that. Well, he all time long. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an old time. Yes, he is. Oh, Jose. He may not come when you want him, but he will be there right on time. long time. Yes, he is. You can ask the 5,000 hungry sold finger with two fish, five loss of bread. What a miracle. He fall for the Lord to do what he did way back then will do to me and you will. He's an ally God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an ally God. Yes, he is. Oh, say may not come when you want him, but he be there right on time. He's an old time. Yes, he is. Oh, he's on time. Yes, he is. He's all God. Yes, he is. Oh, Jo said he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time. Yes, he is. Amen. He's on time. He's on time. He's on time. He's on time. Oh, yes. He's on He's on time. He's on time. He's on time. Oh yes. He's on He's on time. He's on time. Oh yes. He on time Lord. Yes he time. [Applause] Oh, your f may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. On time. Oh, yes, he is. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let us bow our heads. Amen. Remember to keep those. I think brother Marcus and uh brother Jared they and Maris. Yeah, Maris. They on they trip, right? Okay. Just keep them in in prayer. Amen. I'm sure wherever they at, they having a wonderful time. Give them traveling mercies back home. Amen. To us and their families. Amen. Let's let's bow our heads. Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Father God, for the word that went forth this morning, Lord God. Lord God, how Lord, you saw fit to Lord, just encourage our faith this morning. Yes, Lord. Lord, someone needed it. Lord, I needed it. Oh, Father God, things that we're going through, oh Father God, you are it right now, God. And Lord, we're not just going to settle, Lord God. We're just we're going to hold on to faith, oh Father, but Lord, we need it now. Amen. We want our healing right now, Lord. And as he was preaching, oh, Father God, I thought about my wife, Lord God, and as we we was up in Indiana and the ministers prayed for her, oh Lord God, and they asked us, "Well, when did this happen?" But somewhere between there and by the time we went to the doctor the next morning, the tumor had disappeared. Amen. So somewhere between here, Lord, you did a work, but Lord, we needed a right now, God. Amen. Lord, we've seen many miracles and examples just like that. Oh, Father God, how can we not believe, Lord? Lord God, we just thank you, oh Father God. Whatever the people stand need of within the sound of my voice, Lord God, let it be a testimony, Lord, at the next service that Lord, you did it somewhere between here and there. Whatever they stand in need of, oh Father God, right now, Father, we ask it, oh Lord, in Jesus name. Brother Wesco often talked about that bulldog faith. Give us that faith, oh Father God, to believe, Lord, right now, Father, it is done in Jesus name we pray. Lord, as we prepare to leave this place, but not your presence, Lord God. Lord God, be with each and every one of us, oh Father God, give us a wonderful evening. The rain is passed, the sun is shining. Lord God, let us uh thank you, oh father God. In Jesus name we pray. Church say amen. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] The brothers come to dismiss. As we dismiss, I don't know if it's me or something slippery on the floor. The Lord try to take out your deacon again. We rebuke that devil. Be careful careful walking out that door. Never got a trap. Amen. As the brothers come [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music]
