################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-20 - What Aaron Done Messed Up - Bro Aaron Mugo (06-20-2025) - Aaron Mugo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-20
Title:    What Aaron Done Messed Up - Bro Aaron Mugo (06-20-2025)
Speaker:  Aaron Mugo
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9KAOkw9z0w
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh yes he is. Oh on time God. Oh yes he is. Job said he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time god. Oh yes, he is. Come on, one more time. He's an on time God. Oh yes he is. Oh on time God. Oh yes he is. He may not. Jo said he may not come when you want him but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. You can ask. You can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea. by that mean old Pharaoh and his army. They had water all around them and Pharaoh at their back way. He's got stepped in and made a go way just like that. Let me tell you, he's an on time God. Oh yes he is. Come on. Oh on time God. Oh yes he is. He say they say it ain't not come when you want him. But he'll be there right on time. Oh he's an on time on time God. Oh yes. Yes he is. You can ask. Come on, sing it with me. Say, you can ask the 5,000 [Music] hungry souls he fed on the banks of the river, fishing five loaves of bread. There we go. Say what a miracle [Music] he performed for the multitude and what he did he way back then to do today for me and you. Let me tell you he's an on time god. Oh yes he is. Oh, on time gone. Oh yes, he is. Come on. Job said not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. Oh, he's on time God. Oh, yes, he is. He's on time. He's on time. He's on time. He's on time. Always. He's on time. He's on time. On time. He's on time. He's on time. He's on Yes, he's on time. On time, God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, on time, God. Oh yes he is. Come on. Job said not come when you want him but he'll be there right on time. Oh he's an on time God. Yes he is. [Applause] Amen. He's an on time God. He may not be there when you want him but he's always on time. and we always thankful for that. Thank you, God, for always being on time with every need. Um, I ask you to take your Bibles out. We'll um we'll read the scripture and then we'll pray over the service. Um, it'll be Psalms 100. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Psalms 100 reads, "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Know that know ye that the Lord he is good. It is he that hath made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good, his mercy is everlasting, and his truth endureth to all generations. Amen. Amen. Uh, Brother Joseph, will you come up and say a prayer over the service? Thank you. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you Lord for just allowing us to gather together again. Lord on this night, thank you for allowing us to get through another week. Lord, just bless the song service and all the specials that will go forth. Father, bless brother Aaron as he comes and ministers tonight, Father God. Uh speak through him, Lord God, and get him out of the way, Father. Lord God, bless the stream, Lord, and all all the people that are watching, Lord. Just allow them to be blessed, Father God. Lord, we just love you and thank you and praise you for all things. In the precious name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Bless. Amen. Amen. [Music] I've been changed. Healed. Healed. Free. Free. Delivered. Delivered. Sing. I found I found your God. You are my peace. Peace. We found grace. Grace. Thank you, Lord. In favor, I've been changed. I've been changed. Say it again. Heal. I've been free. Free. Delivered. I found joy. I found joy, [Music] peace, grace, grace and faith. And right now sing, and right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. Sing your testimony tonight. I've been changed. I've been waiting. I've been waiting for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by. So sing. I won't. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Come on. I won't I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be. For your presence came and changed me all my shame, my shame. [Music] Guilt. Heal my sins. Sins. Lord, you forgiven me. Forgiven. No more chain. No more fear. Feel my past. My past is over. It's over. And right now sing. And right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. Thank you, Lord. I've been changed. I've been waiting, been waiting for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by. I won't I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. for your presence came and changed me. I won't go back. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed. I'm never going back. Sing say I'm never going back. No, I'm never going back. No, I'm never going to the way to the way it was. I'm never I'm never going back. No, I'm never going back. No, I'm never gone to the way. to the way. Won't go back. I can't go back to the ways to be your change me. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you before your presence came and changed me. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Thank the Lord for changing us. We're back, Lord. Amen. I ask everybody to have a seat, please. going to ask sister the link to come home for a special. Let's give her a hand clap. Um I'm sorry. Happy Friday. We made it. God bless each and every one of you. It's a blessing to be here. Ups and downs. We made it. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; The trials of this world were getting closer. [Music] The pool I felt was more than I could bear. [Music] And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's a reality cuz something keeps holding me. [Music] Satan lays before his temptation [Music] of his desire to steal my faith away. [Music] But I have found in time the revelation, the strength I need to keep me in his grace. [Music] Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully. me to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's a reality. Cuz something keeps holding me. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's a reality. [Music] So keeps holding me. [Music] Amen. Amen. What a blessing. God bless you, sis. Um, we're going to ask uh Sister Sister Abby to come up. Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Okay. God bless you. I lift my hands in to do adoration unto you. You reign on the throne. For you are God and God alone. Because of you, my cloudy days are gone. I can sing to you this song. I just want to say that I love you more than anything. [Music] Love you Jesus. [Music] I worship and adore you. Just want to tell you, Lord, I love you more than anything. [Music] Do I love you, Jesus? I worship and adore you. Just want to tell you, Lord, I love you more than anything. Cuz Lord, I love you more than anything. [Music] I lift my hands so total adoration unto you. You reign on the throne. For you are God and God alone. Because of you my cloudy days are gone. I can sing to you this song. I just want to say that I love you more than anything. [Music] I love you, Jesus. I worship and adore you. Just want to tell you, Lord, I love you more than anything. [Music] I love you, Jesus. I worship and adore you. Just want to tell you, Lord, I love you more than anything. Lord, I love you more than anything. Lord, I love you more than anything. Amen. Thank you, sis. God bless you. God bless you. Um, Amen. Amen. Um, sis, can I have the announcements, please? I mean, like before I go there. [Music] Um announcements, we have uh church, uh Sunday morning prayer, 9:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. Um service we have at 10:30. Sunday school we have from 9:30 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. Youth ages 4 to 12. Young adults ages 13- 20. Um our virtual streaming will continue through Facebook, sat tabernacle, and the church website john423.org. Um upcoming services, we have our South Florida choir rehearsal on June the 28th, July the 5th, and July 12th at Bride of Crab B, excuse me, Bride of Christ Tabernacle, Boon Beach, Florida at 6:00 p.m. And then we also have our meetings. I will restore, sayeth the Lord, July meetings, uh Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, hosted by Brother Jack. um July 25th through July 27th at Palm Beach Gardens High School in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. Um for those in the house, we have a wooden box in the back. Um for your online giving, um preferred is zel. PayPal and cash app take fees and we can't take the Lord's money. Um so the prevert is zel if you're doing zel is giving john423.org. PayPal is also giving atj423.org or and cash app is dollar sign Spirit and Truth T. And if you would like to mail it in, it's Spirit and Truth Tabernacle, PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida, zip code 33422. [Music] Amen. Um, let's say a prayer over the giving. Dear heavenly father, um, we're not we're not giving tithe and offering, Lord. We're giving what you've already given us. We're giving back, Lord. Lord God, this is your money, Lord God. Our portion, Lord, is is we should be gladly giving it to you, Lord God. Lord, for those who don't have it to give, Lord, bless them abundantly, Lord, so they be able to give, Lord God. Lord, Lord, for those who wish to give or those who are not in service, Lord God, we just pray over them, Lord. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord. We know that you may do may take a dollar, Lord, and make it a million for your kingdom, Lord God. We just trust and believe over the service, Lord, and over the over the giving, Lord God. We thank you. in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um I just uh I just want to sing this song and then we're going to ask brother Jack to come out. All right. I ask uh could you stand to your feet? God's got to bless. It makes no what you're going through. You're going to make it. God's going to see you through. Hold your head up. Put a smile on your face. This is another test. It won't last always. So get ready. Get ready for your blessing. For your bless. Get ready. Get ready for your miracle. For your miracle. Get ready. Get ready for your blessing. For your blessing. Get ready. Get ready for your miracle. [Music] I know you've been hurting deep down inside. Well, let me encourage you. It's going to be all right. Troubles and trials come to make you strong. Keep on believing. Keep holding on to get ready. Get ready for your blessing. Your get ready for your miracle. Get ready. Get ready for your blessing. Brother Jack, get ready for your miracle. Thank you, Jesus. Bless. God a blessing. Oh, I say God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. &gt;&gt; If you really believe it, say, say, God's got a blessing. [Music] Come on, say it with me. Say, say, "God's got a blessing." God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. With your name on it, a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. With your name on it, God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing with your name on it with your name on it. With your name on it, with your name on it with your name on it. Oh, get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. Get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. with your name on it. God's got a blessing. Oh, God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. Put my name on it. My name is on it. My name is on it. My name is on it. My name is on it. My name is on it. Oh, my name is on it. Yes, my name is on it. My name is on it. Oh, get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. Get ready for your blessing. Get ready for your miracle. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Why don't you turn around and encourage somebody? Say, "God's got a blessing with your name on it." Amen. God's got a blessing with your name on it. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. We thank God for that. I believe it. I receive it in Jesus' name. I receive it. Amen. We uh certainly thank God to be here tonight and I won't uh prolong the time. Thank God for the specials uh that went forth. Sister Lyndon, Sister Abby. Amen. really really appreciate uh that. And um tonight, as I mentioned to you, we had um Brother Aaron Mugo coming to minister to our hearts. And uh certainly happy to have him and my precious daughter, Sister Rebecca, uh here. As I sit and I listen to uh our youth, I'm always very encouraged to kind of hear what the next generation is going to do for the Lord. Uh it it's it's it's it's necessary that young people carry the torch um you know, carry it forward. So when we have the musicians and the singers and you know and all of that and I it just blesses my heart. even brother Joseph coming up here praying. It means a lot when you see the next generation just kind of picking it up and uh and running forward with it. Oh my. We have to be here to encourage them uh with their gifts that they have. We have to encourage them. Let them know how much you appreciate it and how wonderful they sound. Uh you know, I know that just pumps people up and just makes them want to go a little further. Amen. So, thank God for all of our youth. Amen. We really appreciate you all. Uh, the Lord richly bless you. Amen. Praise God. It's okay. You can give him a hand. You can give him a hand. Amen. Well, we want to Amen. Um, get out of the way. We want brother uh Aaron to come and just uh take his liberty tonight uh as he just ministers to uh not just our hearts of the youth, but all of us will be able to get something out of the word of the Lord tonight. Amen. Amazing grace. M amaze in grace. How sweet the sound. Oh, that say rich like like me. Oh, I once was lost so but now now I'm found. Oh, was blind but now I see. Oh, amazing grace. say I made [Music] [Applause] but now I was blind, but now I [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many people are thankful for his amazing grace right on our lives? &gt;&gt; We're nothing without him. If you would, let's let's bow our heads in prayer real quick. Um, heavenly father, as we approach this word, um, we just want to say that we're so grateful for you and what you've done in our lives, Lord. We're grateful for how you've just given us the ability to recognize your word for this hour and to come and join together around the table and to feast on what you have for us tonight. Lord, please open our hearts to receive. Please uh just take control of the whole service, Lord. Whatever we can do to foster your spirit, whatever I can do, Lord, just take over my tongue and let your words cross my lips, Lord. Nothing from my own mind and nothing from my own heart, Lord. We pray this and we ask that it's quickened in our hearts this evening. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Thank you. Thank you musicians. Fantastic job. How many people appreciated those specials? Those are great, right? Um, brother brother Jack was talking about the youth using their gifts and uh I just wanted to tell y'all we stole one of your ideas over here uh up north right in Indiana. And uh it was Becca who brought it up to me and we were I don't know it was probably about six months ago. How long has it been? Six almost a year. Um we were headed to a Bible study and I was supposed to be talking in the Bible study to our youth and um she told me what y'all you know what you guys do down here where the youth run the service. They had a youth service and out of that so many different gifts came out of that. And uh now a lot of those young people are adults and they're still serving the Lord to this day in their ministerial capacity. It's just a beautiful thing. So um we presented it at that Bible study as an idea and guess what? We've had several youth services since then, right? And um that's right. Uh I I I I really feel it on my heart when I look at these young people cuz you know they I mean we've all been through it. Um we all have to go through it. It's just a season but during that season God has something for us. Um he has no limits to what he can do through us, right? Um we had a brother uh ministering for us and talking to our youth again recently um brother Nathan Ericson from Ohio and he was talking about God's economy and he was saying how we're all a part of that economy. You come to church to give and to receive. And he was trying to teach them, hey, you know what? You have a you have something to give and God wants you to give that cuz you're there to receive as well. Don't let the devil stop you from giving. All right. Amen. Um, and I believe that uh if you will turn with me to uh first John uh chapter 2, I want to say I was looking at my calendar and I realized I have not spoken uh to this assembly in I think a year and a half and 10 days. So uh I got to make good use of the time I have here, right? Uh we'll let the Lord have his will. Um 1 John chapter 2, let's go to verse 12. It says, "I write unto you little children because oh, and when I'm reading this, uh I want you to know this the message tonight." It's not just to young people. It's definitely to older people, too, in regards to younger people. So, as I read these verses, pick your your spot. It's going to say uh elders and youngers uh whatever you identify as, just put yourself there. All right? And don't be offended because it's the word. It says, "I write unto you little children because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake. I write unto you fathers because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I write unto you young men because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you little children because you have known the father. I have written unto you fathers because ye have known him that is from the beginning. I have written unto you young men because ye are strong and the word of God abideth in you and ye have overcome the wicked one. He goes on to say, "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh and the lust of the eyes and the pride of life is not of the father but of this but is of the world. and the world passeth away, and the lust thereof, but he that doeth the will of God abideth forever. You may be seated. So, um, uh, like I said, it's a pleasure to be with you tonight. I I have not I don't want to be disres disrespectful, but I haven't preached in a t-shirt since I was, uh, in the Philippines. But it's it's as hot as the Philippines right now and I gotta take this off. It's been a while. All right. Uh and I see y'all fanning yourselves, so I don't feel like I'm in the wrong place. Okay. So, um there is this uh online video that went pretty viral and sometimes I hear about it, right? And you'll know why whenever I tell you. And the online video is about this guy who mispronounces everybody's name. And uh he um is talking to this guy named Aaron and he says, "You done messed up, Aon." You know, and when he says that like everybody just starts laughing cuz it's funny, you know, it's a viral video, whatever it is. Um but over the years, I've heard that statement a lot because of my name. People call me a Aon and they all think they're original. Like I haven't heard it 300 times. But u I hear from my colleagues, I hear from people at church, I hear from, you know, family. It is what it is. It's all right. It's funny. It's It was amusing. But um that inspired my title tonight cuz tonight my topic is what Aaron done messed up. And I am I'm going to use that title to talk to you about how I grew up and what I messed up while I grew up and what God has taught me. Okay? And I think a lot of these lessons, they go beyond just what was happening, what was happening to me when I was young or when I was a teenager or whatever. And it goes on to adulthood. I'm still learning some of these lessons. So, everybody should be able to get something out of this. Amen. Um, and I'm just going to try to hit each thing that I learned, like some of these major points that I learned. I'm still learning. I'm not perfect. I'll probably be learning to the till the till I pass the grave. It's fine. Um, but these things are major things that I I had to figure out. Some of them the easy way, sometimes the hard way. Sometimes the Lord just showed me. And when it hit, then I was like, "Wow, I've been messing this up my whole life." And um you know, not that I have these all straightened out either. I just realize that God has shown me these things. And I hope that he ministers to you through them, too. Learn from my mistakes. Amen. So, the very first one I'm going to talk about is defending the Lord. Defending the Lord. So, uh, when I was, um, when I was growing up and I I I actually felt like God was calling me, I don't know, between 9 and 12 years old, it happened multiple times. God would call out to me, and I'd just find suddenly find it on my heart to try to seek the word. I'd either read message books or the Bible, I'd get serious about it, and then um, uh, stuff would happen, and then I'd slip back and just go back to doing whatever. And um uh it's a sad thing to say. I think I I was 23 years old when I finally got the Holy Ghost. I wasted all those years. And um this is a major thing for me was defending the Lord because I thought in my mind before I before I I sought my salvation and got the Holy Ghost and actually completely surrendered to him, I thought that people in my social um interactions would attack me once I became a Christian. So the more I live like Christ, the more I'd have to explain to people why I was not living like them, like to my friends. So I go to school and I see everybody's living a certain way, right? And uh they're all doing these things and I'm doing a lot of them with them. And then if I suddenly go off in the corner and just hide with my Bible, say that's what I was picturing what, you know, that's what Christians do. They hide with their Bible over here. And then, you know, every time somebody has a problem with them, they'll come under attack and they start verbally assaulting you. And then you have to defend why you're not acting like them. So I thought I'd be defending the word. And I I I really thought that that's what my life was going to be. And for those people in big families, like I was the last born out of five. And I don't want to blame my siblings or anything like that. This is just my perception. Um some of it might be accurate, some of it less accurate, but my perception was I watched what my older siblings are doing and I thought that was cool. Big mistake. y'all y'all with older siblings, you probably learned that by now and you probably will at some point. But um I I thought what they were doing was cool and not we we all did things that we hid from our parents that we knew didn't line up with the word and we kept it among each other and we had our own little social group there and it was beautiful, right? Mom and dad don't know nothing about this. It's great. So, uh I thought if I start following the Lord, they're going to be the first to notice and then they're going to say something. And one thing my family's great at is verbal assault. We are great at that. We are great at insulting each other. We have plenty of diswords. We have plenty of funny things to say about each other. And I just knew as the youngest, I was already getting picked on. I was just not ready for that. And I was like, I don't want to have to hide again. The Bible have to be defending everything that I do and be like, well, Aaron, you think you're better than everybody else. Tell us where that is in the word that we can't do that. And I thought that that's how it worked. But I didn't realize that God, there are actually a lot of scriptures in there. If you think about it, you're you're not supposed to defend the word. The word is supposed to defend you. Okay? So, it's built that way. If you think about it, the word of God is quicker and sharper than any two-edged sword, right? Isn't it weird if you went into battle with a sword and you have to guard the sword? Like, that's not how that works. It's a weapon, right? So, you're supposed to use that to defend yourself. That's not how that works. So, if you go into battle, just think of it this way. You know, uh Paul, I believe it's in Romans, he talks about all these things that you that you're guarded with, like the armor of God. All of it is protective. Like everything about that is protective. You're not protecting God's armor. God gave you armor. God gave you something that's going to stand for you. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I have a lot of scriptures under each thing that I learned. I'm not going to try to hit every last one of them, but I'm going to pull out a couple of examples for you of how the word, you know, defends you. First off, I go to Psalms in chapter 3. Uh Psalms uh yeah, chapter 3:3 says, "But thou, oh Lord, art shield for me, my glory, and the lifter up of my head. I cried unto the Lord with my voice and he heard me out of his holy hill. Sellah that that that's the relationship there. This word in the beginning was the word and the word was God and the word was with God. He is a shield. This word is a shield. It is my shield. Now any type that you think of God being even as the bridegroom and the bride, ain't nobody protecting Becca but me. &gt;&gt; She's not going to be out there protecting me. &gt;&gt; She doesn't have now. She might get a little feisty or slick at the mouth. If you if you look at me sideways, she might. But the bottom line is my job is to protect her and I take that seriously. When she gets lick of the mouth and someone's throwing hands, I need to step in front of her cuz I'm the protector, right? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's my job. Every every type you can think of God being. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, young people and older, don't be afraid. Even if it's your colleagues, you get in front of them. Sometimes you don't want to have to, you know, bring the mood down by saying, "Hey, please just stop cussing." I don't deal with that, &gt;&gt; you know, or, you know, I I just don't want to that kind of atmosphere around here or I'd like to be able to take time off to go to church or a convention or something like that. You're not defending the word in that case. God will protect you no matter what you say. If you stand for him and you're on the right, he is obligated to come into your situation &gt;&gt; and protect you. Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says in third Exodus, "So, the only thing you can ever do to beat him," he's talking about the devil, "is rely on Christ and humble yourself and let him lead you. You'll never do it any other way. Your intellectual powers will never do it. You got to believe it. Just rely on him. He is the shepherd. It ain't the sheep's business to keep the wolf away. It's the shepherd's business. But the sheep must stay with the shepherd in order to stay safe. That's my safety zone is in Christ and Christ is the word. &gt;&gt; That's the safety zone. I think that's like a football euphemism. Am I wrong? Is there a safety zone in sports or something? Oh yeah, I'm getting some nods. Okay, I'm not too far off. Another thing in John, it says, "These things have I spoken to you." John 16, "These things have I spoken unto you that in me you might have peace. In the world, you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. He didn't put you somewhere that he couldn't handle himself. So that's why he came here in the flesh in the first place. All right? And that actually that's why I congratulate people when they get to be 34 years old. I tell them, you outlive Jesus. He couldn't handle it here for 34 years. Someone took him out. But I mean, we don't have the weight of the world on our shoulders. But still, that's impressive. Every year you live, realize you're not going through anything worse than Jesus went through himself. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't put you somewhere he couldn't handle. &gt;&gt; In Isaiah, I like this verse and I'm going to break it down just because I like it. Um Isaiah 52, uh verse 11, he says, "Depart ye, depart ye, go out from then. Touch no unclean thing. Go ye out of the midst of her. Be ye clean and bear the vessels of God. Now I believe that whole verse still applies to us departing from the world. For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight. For the Lord will go before you, and the God of Israel will be your re-reward. &gt;&gt; That word right there, &gt;&gt; if you look at what that means in modern English, it's a military term. It means your rear guard. All right? So, it's going to like just like that verse in Psalms where it says he's your shield. He'll like shields are held up here, right? But he'll watch your back. He'll watch stuff you ain't even seen happening. God will watch your back. If you're walking in his will, he will take care of what's going on over there. And honestly, if somebody's starting to give you grief for being a Christian or living the life, just turn your back on them. Be like, "You know what? God's got me. I don't have to worry about all that. Settle it. I don't have to worry if my income source is going to change because God's got my back, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I love that. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to get off that or I'll stay on that one topic the whole time. Um, another thing for young people, um, uh, the second thing I learned, so the first thing was defending the Lord. Um, you don't do that by the way, you don't have to. Um the second thing I learned was how temptation works. And um here was my misconception, right? My misconception was that uh my misconception was that if I was tempted by something and overcame that temptation, I'd never be tempted by that thing again. That's what I thought. Yeah. And um I thought it was one and done. It's like, you know, I I I used to be uh I think with my siblings, yes, this is how how I used to be with my siblings. I I was the goofball, you know, the youngest brother. I'd go out there and I'd do my best to make everybody around me annoyed and annoyed just enough to where they're saying go away, but not to where they're throwing hands and I'd step back and then move on to the next person, you know? And uh I I always did that. I did that kind of stuff all the time. Um, and then when other people tried to give me trouble and cause me to be annoyed, I'd blow up and get mad. And I thought that uh I'd pray to God about it. And I did pray to God about that. I I don't know. I might have been hearing a tape or something like that, the word or a sermon that kind of convicted me on that. And I was like, "God, make me like my mom." Cuz my mom was like so settled. Like it didn't matter what people were telling her, she'd just be chill. and she God answered that prayer pretty quickly. Like my siblings know me. I don't I don't blow up at them. It is what it is. Whatever they're doing, I might think it's weird. I might think it's strange. I might, you know, tell them they're being goofy, but I'm not going to get mad and go off on people. I don't usually do that. So, uh, and I thank God for taking that away from me. But as an adult, God keeps, um, showing me what I've overcome. Let me say it that way. Sometimes sometimes my patience gets tried and the the longer I am an adult, the more there is to uh be tried on. So young people, I'm going to give you a couple of examples of people in the Bible. Let's start with uh Jesus Christ himself. All right? He was tempted in all manner, right? The Bible tells us that. And um the three major temptations he has are at the very beginning like right after he gets the Holy Ghost he goes out there into the wilderness and he fasts for uh 40 days and then he gets tempted in three different ways and actually we read them with our opening scripture. Uh one was the lust of the flesh the other one's lust of the eye. The other one's the pride of life. Now um brother Brandham actually breaks it down and says those three are those three. Now I'm going to explain what I mean because I don't want to talk over anybody's head when he says the lust of the flesh. I know you're well taught, but I'm just going to go over it just in case somebody um needs a refresher. The lust of the flesh is um when Jesus was offered was told to uh turn the stones into bread, right? Y'all remember that very first temptation. So, his flesh needed some food, you know? So, that was a a a lusting for that food and he had to overcome that. And how did he overcome that? I'm just asking these younger people how how did he overcome that? Y'all remember? &gt;&gt; Yes. Man shall not live by bread alone. So he actually quoted the word out right back to the devil, you know. And um I believe if if Jesus said wanted to, he could turn it into into bread just like that. Be easy. It's not a problem. Um but he knew it was the devil saying it. So there's probably something about that that ain't right. &gt;&gt; And it was a temptation. So, um the uh second temptation, you guys know what that is? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Exactly. Great. So, uh Satan showed him all the kingdoms of the world and he said, "They belong to me. I'll give them to you if you just bow down and worship me." And that is the lust of the eye right there. So, he was showing him with his eye and he he he knew that Jesus knew that he would inherit all of those things after he followed God's will. Um but it would have been simpler to just bow down to the devil and just to take it all rather than go get crucified and go through all those things. Um the very third temptation does somebody want to tell me? &gt;&gt; Yes. Throw yourself down from a high place. Devil takes him up to a high place. This is the pride of life. He says throw yourself down and then uh doesn't it say in the scripture that uh my my angels will deliver you? They'll catch him. And yeah, he could have done that and God would have sent his angels to capture him. Um, now the funny thing about Jesus is, and I just love Jesus so much. He had a he had a funny mouth like like I do, you know? He had a sassy mouth. He had a lot to say. I love it. And um in this case when he's talking to the devil each time he responds he could have gone anywhere from Genesis to the book of Malachi for these scriptures and he just stayed in the book of Deuteronomy chapter 6 and 8 right there. And back then they hadn't broken them down into chapters. So he had the smallest unit of the Bible which is the book of Deuteronomy. He's like I don't need much to take care of what you're talking about right here. He says this verse here and if you go down the scroll a little bit right there, that's the other one. And he responded to the devil and the devil had to back off. Right? Beautiful. Yes. Beautiful. Now, I I love that. I love that scripture. But I'm going to point out to the fact to you Jesus gets tempted by those same three things throughout the rest of his ministry. The devil didn't run and back off and stay away. He kept coming again and again. all the way until he was on the cross. So the first one, the lust of the flesh, if you think of his ministry, he really had nowhere to lay his head, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He just wandered around. They were hungry most of the time. They were walking around on the road. Him and the disciples missed a lot of meals. He denied himself on um sleep. He denied himself sleep on Mount uh transfiguration. Whenever the disciples fell asleep, he he had to keep going to pray and he knew he needed to pray. So he denied himself rest so he could pray and get closer to God. And then that transfiguration happened. And then um I believe the garden of Gethsemane. He he was praying till he was sweating blood. You can't tell me he wasn't denying him his flesh. He was denying the lust of the flesh over and over again. The lust of the eye. I remember he he gets to Jerusalem and he sees he sees the glory of uh Solomon's temple. He was actually there probably like two or three times throughout his ministry. He sees the glory of Solomon's temple. The first time when he was 12 and the second time um he he sees it and he says um he says tear down this temple and I'll destroy it in 3 days. Now he's talking about his body, but he completely rejected what was in front of his eyes and realized that God was moving on to the spiritual things and completely leaving aside all this rich buildings and rich architecture, all that stuff. Denied it and he followed Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Um he also didn't do anything to make himself appealing, the lust of the eye. Uh he the Bible says there was no beauty that we should desire him. He was a starved man and he looked way older than he should be. Probably 20 years older than he should be. And he didn't really do much to fix himself. Um, not that I'm saying neglect your hygiene. I'm not saying Jesus did that. Amen. Amen. No. I'm saying that he wasn't over there, you know, going to the beauty salon. He wasn't out there making sure he hit the barber. No, he he wanted to esteem est esteem the kingdom of God higher than whatever his body wanted, whatever he wanted in his flesh. The third thing, the pride of life. Um, Satan still had to come at him verbally for the pride of life and he spoke through Peter because he's talking about his crucifixion. And Peter says, "No, it's not going to be that way." And Jesus says, "Get behind me, Satan." cuz he knew that Peter was speaking the words that Satan had given him and talking about how his life is going to be spared. That's not true. That wasn't true. That's not according to the word. He had to get aside from that temptation. The very last temptation I could think of on the pride of life was um when he was on the cross, brother Brandham the prophet, he actually told us he could have twitched a finger and like every angel that was on all those hills over there would come and take him off and prove that he was the son of God, but God's purpose wouldn't have been fulfilled. &gt;&gt; He needed to overcome that temptation to the minute he was to the hour he was dying. &gt;&gt; He had to keep overcoming temptation. Now, I'm going to I said it at the beginning. I'm going to point this out to you. Every single temptation category that Jesus went through, he went through it after he got the Holy Ghost. Everything. &gt;&gt; That doesn't mean it's over. That doesn't mean your fight's over. You're going to keep fighting &gt;&gt; once you get the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; See, the Holy Ghost, it I'm not going to say it won't fight your battles. It will fight your battles. I'm not going to say it won't protect you. It will protect you. But God never promised that you're never gonna have temptations again. He promised a way of escape. &gt;&gt; He did not promise no temptation. &gt;&gt; You know, um the de the the the Holy Spirit, it gives you power to swim against the tide, but there's still going to be a tide. You're going to have resistance. Amen. Um Brother Brandham says in redemption by judgment, temptations come. There'll never be a temptation unless he give you grace to bear it. And he's promised to meet you on every battlefront right there and stand in your place. So then that's where your hope is at. You get to the place, you say, "Well, brother Bill, they have so many temptations. Tell me one Christian that doesn't have temptation. We never come to a picnic. We come to a battleground. We're out here to fight the enemy." Why? Sure. We don't put our armor on our armor just to be looked at. If you become a Christian just to be looked at, then I'm afraid you got in the wrong place. A couple more quotes. He says in Hebrews chapter 4, "Now, haven't you had a lot of temptations?" He's asking like, "Haven't you have a lot of temptations?" The answer to that is a rhetorical question. Yes. Yes. We've had a lot of temptations. Amen. Don't complain about them. And then a one-word sentence, rejoice. God is with you. &gt;&gt; He is trying to prove your faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Next one, uh, quote, it's in questions and answers 61. Someone asked this question. I thought it was beautiful. I I said I couldn't leave that out. He said, this person says, "Is it possible for a Holy Ghostfilled person to be driven by the driven by the to I'm pretty sure he says driven by the devil to do minor things, influenced to do minor things that he doesn't want to do." Brother Brandham says with an exclamation point, "Oh yes, yes, sir. Yeah, a holy ghost fil person, you're right in the place then to be drove by these things. You just put yourself up a target. When you're down there serving the devil, he just lets you slouch around any way you want to. But once you take a stand for Christ, you you got on the other side. Then he trains every gun right around on you. &gt;&gt; Every temptation, everything that could be throwed on you that then you got it. So those times when I was young and trying to follow the Lord. So, first off, defending the Lord, I I was scared to start defending Jesus. Um, I didn't really catch on until I was older that I didn't really need to. But, uh, another thing about the temptation is what was causing me to slip back cuz one thing like my an example of what me and my siblings got up to a lot. Um, praise the Lord, we're delivered of this, but we used to listen to bad music. And um uh because we listen to bad music and I engaged in a lot of uh piracy. Yes. Um, I didn't pay for this music and I had, you know, we we had a computer our g our dad let us have was an old beat up computer and uh somehow we'd like hustle and get an internet connection and then we'd get it on there and then pirate all we could download all the music we could and then we'd listen to that bad music and it would be the worst thing. And um I I remember that every time I felt a call on me that God was calling me, I knew the music had to go. So I would delete all the music and then uh I don't know 6 months later I have all the music back again. Why? Because I thought that temptation was gone. And no, I didn't have the Holy Ghost. But I thought, "Oh yeah, I've deleted it. That's the end. I'm never going to have to worry about that again." young people, old people, doesn't matter who you are. Um, I struggle with music to this day. Like, to this day, it's something I can't I can't pretend I don't know that song. If I'm walking in the supermarket, there it goes. If I'm sitting in a restaurant, there it goes. It's not that I'm singing this out. I just recognize it. And then my brain's like an encyclopedia. It's like, "Oh, I know that singer. He also sang this. I know that singer. She also sang that. And then that means this. and that song goes with this and my mind is connecting things and I have to keep coming back and centering myself and you know I know those thoughts are going to come you're supposed to chase them away before they take root I have to fight that every day and I remember brother Brandom was talking to um Billy Paul whenever he was on the run and he had him stretch out his arms like this you know and he said as far as you run down that way as far as you run down that way God's going to have to bring you all the way back so the farther you run from him the more you get into The deeper you get into the things of the world, it's that much you have to fight to come right back. Amen. And it doesn't stop. It doesn't stop. You can ask your parents. They probably remember the songs from the decades before. They probably remember songs from back then. You hear them laughing. It's true. I used to used to listen to songs from every decade from the 20s all the way up to the 2000s and the 2010s. I was listening to bad music and I have to fight every genre of music I can think of. Don't put yourself in that situation. But at the same time recognize that the devil, like brother Brandham says, everybody has a one punch that you know you're going to get a punch. The devil will find something to hit you with. And um nobody's so much of a saint that they don't get tempted. Brother Brandham himself had a cross in his car to keep his eyes off the wrong thing. And that was in 1960 whatever. It's way worse right now. You can't walk anywhere without seeing the wrong thing. Um I'd have to close my eyes and walk blind. So um okay. And uh here's some encouragement for you. Acts of the Holy Spirit. He says, "And then the Holy Spirit then abides in and grows daily. just grows, making itself greater and greater, pushes out the things, the cares, the temptation. As you overcome them, the Holy Spirit takes its place. Do you know that if you got real bad temptation of something that's not right, overcome that thing a few times and watch if your testimony don't bloom on account of it? He never said in any of that that it's never coming back to tempt you. That he said just keep overcoming that. The temptation gets weaker and weaker. It does. I mean, it'll be there, but if you fill yourself up more with the Holy Ghost, say, "God, Lord, I do not want that thing. God, I'm trying to to get away from that, you think, you know, my heart, you know, I don't want to feed on that thing of the world." Then the Holy Spirit will will take that spot. He he he can give you grace to overcome that. The next one is a hard lesson, and I'm sure all the adults are going to identify with this. It says, uh, "God doesn't have to explain himself." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And, um, that one was one that hit me pretty hard when I was about eight or nine years old, you know. Um, my, uh, my family, I've said it before, my family got deported. And when we were in Kenya, you know, I went from a first world country to at best like a second world country. And, um, we were poor there, pretty poor. And there were times, you know, uh where I'd be sitting out on my own and just balling my eyes out. And I remembered my school friends from over here. And I was I was just praying to God and I was like, "God, why didn't you deport them?" First off, they were, you know, from here. But in my little mind, like I didn't recognize that. It's like, well, God has a reason that my family had to be deported. And I have no idea what that is. And over and over throughout my family's life, every time we seemed like we were getting to a place of financial security, everything would get like the rub would be swept right from under us and then we back at square one over and over and over to the point where I have trouble in my mind just feeling like I'm safe financially. Like it's that bad because I'm always just looking around the corner. God, are you going to test me again? You know, I and I know he he he has the right to test me, but I don't understand why we had to go through all that. I don't know understand every little thing we had to go through, but um I do understand that uh I don't have to get an explanation from God, you know, and it did make me the person I am today. I'm grateful for that. But um I could have read it in a book and I would have got the same lesson. Um but God decided to do that to us. And you can look in your own lives and see what your families are going through. You can look through your, you know, adults and younger ones. Um you can look at your own self and be like, "Okay, God, why is this like this? Why does our church have to struggle through this? Why does my family have to go through this? And why do I have like you know there are some people who have a health problem like every single year they always have something new they're praying about as soon as one thing gets taken care of whether it be through the medical stuff or a miracle as soon as that's done something else pops up. Other people are dealing with financial stuff like us. Other people are dealing with social problems within their family. Um family problems and all that stuff. Everybody's got their own trial for some reason and God picked you and your character and he, you know, he tailor made those trials just for you. So, wear it like a suit, okay? Just get out there and be like, "God, you you gave me this and like I said, in every trial, there's a way of escape." And there's no reason that he gave it to me and didn't give me a way out. &gt;&gt; Um, and didn't didn't have a reason, even if it's just known to him. I I remember Paul and I'm not going to read every scripture because I'm going to be running out of time if I do, but I remember Paul, he had that infirmity in his eyes. And he got to that point where uh and that came from his meeting with the Lord. And you would think, you know, God actually tells him to go to Ananas and Ananas gives him the Holy Spirit and then the scales fall off his eyes. You would think, hey, my vision's great. I'm going to go out there and I'm going to preach to everybody. Yeah, he did go out and preach to everybody, but God didn't completely take that away from him. And God had a reason for that. And God inh Paul prayed over and over and over and said, "God, why don't you take this from me?" And his answer doesn't really sound like an answer to me personally. He says, "My grace is sufficient." But he doesn't really say why. And his grace was sufficient. His grace is sufficient on us. Doesn't matter what you're going through, you still have God's grace. At least you have one thing. Doesn't matter how broke you are. Doesn't matter how sick you are. It doesn't matter how many things you've been struggling through. You have his grace and you can stand on that. &gt;&gt; God gave us his grace. And we don't have to um be be caught up in the little details of, okay, why do I have to struggle? Why is it that this person at church always has to come out and talk to me? I don't want to talk to them, but God, you always send them down my path. And I I hate talking to that guy. And um God knows why. Preaching from experience in case you can't tell, but uh God knows why. And uh in Philippians, well, he talks about his infirmity in uh Corinthians, but I'm going to read from Philippians. He says, "Not that I speak in respect of want, for I have learned in whatsoever state I am therewith to be content. I know both how to be abased. I know how to abound. Everywhere and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need. I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me. And I don't think Paul would have written that if he didn't have the infirmities. I don't think Paul would have written that if he hadn't been beaten and put in jail. I don't think Paul would have been would have been able to write that if he hadn't had some sort of experience that brought him to that place. So even if we don't know God's entire purpose, you can at least see what the result is and that is us getting closer to him. Amen. &gt;&gt; And learning to rely on him. In acts of the Holy Spirit also, brother Brandham says, "Times may be hard. God has not promised a flower bed of ease, but he has promised grace sufficient for every trial that can hit you." That's right. Yeah. That right. That's right. Yes. Indeed. Grace is sufficient. Not he's on a flower bed of ease, but he promised grace to overcome in every temptation. When a cross gets heavy, Christ promised to be with you. When it gets heavy, he's going to be right there to help you carry that up. Okay, so that point was um God doesn't have to explain himself. My follow-up point is the next point is and that means I don't have to explain myself. Okay. So, when you start following God, you're going to act a little weird. Okay. Like I said, that's what I was scared of at the beginning when I was thinking I had to defend the Lord. I started acting weird to everybody else. I started doing things differently from everybody else. And the more I did that, like the more um it was easy to do that. It is pretty rough at the beginning, but when you start following God, your character, you know, you get the Holy Ghost or you get closer to him, your character has to go through a change and people will notice that change. It doesn't matter who you hang out with, the change is going to happen. And when that happens, um, don't be scared of it. Uh, but the right people will still stay with you and the wrong people will get away. Okay? Now, I I you know, I could have done a better job of witnessing. I always can. Everybody can probably do a better job of witnessing. But for me in that time period, because I had to turn away from so many things of the world, my mind wasn't really even on witnessing. I was like, God, help me figure this out cuz I need to figure this out right now. And when I was trying to figure that out, I was actually living the scripture, seek ye first the kingdom of God, and then everything will be added to you. So I was going to work and uh I was working in a warehouse environment about about the time when you know this lesson was learned. Um, and I was uh that's from about the age of 19 uh probably 19 to 24 25 years old about th about those ages. And I thought uh the more I follow God, I'm going to have to explain it to everybody around me what I'm doing. If God led me to do something, I'd have to explain it to them. But then I started to turn a leaf and I started to say, "I'm tired of being fake." Because I realized that I had been living a life up until now that made Aaron a certain personality that everybody was used to. But once the word started coming in, I I felt like there were two things fighting in me. One side and the other side. There's this Aaron over here and this this Aaron I want to be and this Aaron that I am that everybody knows. And I had to keep changing my mask every time I came over to work and then change my mask when I go home. And um I started talking less and less at work because I I just didn't want to be saying the wrong thing like I used to. And then uh I just went quiet and true enough friends disappeared just like that. But then I got to this point where uh and I was in uh when from the warehouse environment I started working in a truck dispatch area. You know how truckers are and the dispatchers are no better. um at least the office I was working in, you know, everybody just cussing all day and all that stuff going on. It was a very toxic environment. And um one day I interviewed for seven jobs and uh sorry, I applied to seven jobs and I only got an interview for one. And when I got on that call to interview, it was a remote interview. I got on the call to interview and uh we go through the interview process. I'm answering questions like I always do and then they asked me a question and keep in mind I hadn't finished school, nothing. I hadn't done anything like that. Um, I never finished school and I was trying to get a job that would pay a lot more money and it was a technical job. So, you should have done some school and um they asked me this question at the end of the interview. What do you value? And you know, all the years of my life had passed me by and I like flashed through my head and I'm like in my head I was tired of coming up with corporate answers. Oh, I value, you know, competitiveness within our, you know, uh, within our industry. I value us growing forward as a company. And I could have said any of those things that sounded great on paper, right? And in my head, I was like, okay, I'm going to be honest. I'm a Christian and I value Christ. I value living for Jesus. I value like walking in his way. So I said that. They said, "Okay, thanks. Gone." You know, they hung up. And while I had worked in this where in this company for 7 years, um, everybody had been everywhere I'd been working was toxic. So I was like, I'm just going to be honest. If I get that job, then I'm going to be a different Aaron there from where I've been over here this whole time. I was like, it's a new leaf. It's changed. So when I told them that, they offered me the job a little bit later and I was like, "Okay, I got the job. I worked there for two months and then the guy who interviewed me, he calls me up and we were talking and then he said, "Do you know why you got this job?" And I said, "I don't know cuz I I haven't done any school. I haven't done anything. I'm not qualified." And he said, "We interviewed a bunch of other people, but when we asked you that question, what you valued, that's what got you the job. None of the other stuff you did." And he said, "It's cuz he was a Christian and my manager was with him was also a Christian. And when they heard that, they're like, "Oh, it's a keeper." And I was I was the very first person to get interviewed for that job. And they just like went through the motions with everybody else and just picked me. &gt;&gt; And I was like, "Okay, well, uh, okay. There's a different errand. &gt;&gt; That's what it means to seek first the kingdom of God and everything will be added because he's going to take care of those details." He said, "Live for me." That's it. &gt;&gt; So, I didn't have to explain myself by giving a weird answer to most of the world and just say, "I'm a Christian and I value Christ. I value serving Jesus. That's my value." Now, some of you, I don't know, extroverts or expert witnessers or whatever you do in the church. Some of you probably don't even think that sounds hard to do because, you know, you're just always out the mouth, you know, just teaching about Jesus. But me, my personality, especially at that point in life, I could not have done that without him. It took him to tell help me help me out in that moment cuz that was a struggle. It was a big struggle to just uh step back and be like, "God, you got this. I'm just going to throw that out there." And uh by God's grace, this this is the best job I've ever had. I still work in that department. So, that's great. Um still ain't finished school. So uh he says in first John he says behold what manner of love the father hath bestowed on us that we should be called the sons of god. Therefore the world knoweth thus not because it knew him not. The world didn't understand Jesus so don't expect them to understand you. And Jesus didn't really explain everything he was doing. If you think of the examples like of people asking Jesus questions like I said he had a sassy mouth. And one of the things that he said um one of the things that happened was Nicodemus came to him by night and he's like uh Jesus you know uh we know that they that thou art the come from God you know he says something like that because no man can do what you do without God's help and um Jesus he he answers the question in a beautiful way. We just read that the other night and um he answers the question by not even addressing the question which is what Jesus did a lot you know and he says verily verily without um sorry I forgot what he said yeah you must be born again that doesn't address what Nicodemus just said that's not an answer Nicodemus comes back with another question and Jesus says something else it's not an answer to what Nicodemus just said and Jesus didn't explain what he said And if you if you go to the tapes, uh I don't remember what tape it is exactly, but brother Brandham says he he was glad that people didn't understand everything. No, no, no, my bad. Brother Brandham must have said that. But Jesus said that he's happy that people don't understand and it's been hidden from the eyes of the wise and prudent because for babes such as we'll learn. So a lot of the stuff he was saying was just going over people's heads and it's supposed to be that way. You know, the more you live for Christ, the less the world is going to look like you and understand you. And that comes back to my point of, you know, the word the word will defend you. Doesn't matter what you're doing or where you are in life. If you stand for him and he's led you to do what you're supposed to be doing, um then the word will defend you. It's his job. Um yeah. To this point, actually, I'm going to drive this home. If God tells you to do something, if it be through the word or if it be through the prophet, whoever he sends to tell you to do that thing, stick with what he told you to do, regardless of who tries to come against you. Right? And I found a pattern that God, if he tells you to do through something through a channel, if he wants you to change what you're doing, he's going to end up using that same channel. Did you ever notice that? If God has a commandment for me that comes from the message and it says to do such and such or the word of God and it says to do such and such, I'm not going to go listen to something on, you know, Brother Jack always says, "Don't Google." I'm not going to go out there and Google something because Google's not going to tell me. It's not going to line up with what where where I got this from. Where I got it from is the message in the word. &gt;&gt; So, I need to go back to that same channel and find out if God changed his mind. And if he didn't, keep doing what he told you to do. Simple, right? Now, an example is if you go to first kings uh 13, you don't have to, but uh if you go to first kings 13, there is this young man with a really powerful ministry. Right? And uh he was sent to talk to King Jeroboam. Now, Jeroboam was like, you know, the guy who ruined every kingdom. I mean, every uh the entire dynasty for the rest of Israel um throughout the book of Kings. And God sends this young man to speak to him. And the young man is a prophet. Really powerful ministry. So, uh, verse one, it says, "And behold, there came a man out of God out of Judah." This is the young man, "A man of God out of Judah by the word of the Lord unto Bethl. And Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense." So, Jeroboam was the king. He was burning an an idolatrous uh sacrifice, and he was leading people away from God. Whether or not he understood it or not, he was doing that. And this young man uh like the verse says, he came by the word of God, the word of the Lord. So the Lord had told him with his own words, go and tell Jeroboam such and such. Now when he tells Jeroboam this prophecy, he tells him, hey, there's going to be a king named Josiah. He's going to kick you out. He's going to break this altar. Stuff like that. He said a lot of stuff that Jeroboam didn't like. So Jeroboam raises his hand. He's like, "Size that man." Now his ministry was so powerful that his hand withered up whenever he was pointing at you know at this young prophet. It withered up and he wasn't even able to use it. So he asked the prophet hey go uh can you please pray for my hand and then the hand comes normal and then he realizes okay I can't just attack this man cuz everybody just saw that and that was embarrassing right? So he's like, "Okay, let me play host." So he says, "Hey, young man, come over to my place. You going to cook you a good meal. You're gonna make you a steak. You going sit down there? You going to sleep?" He said all that stuff. And the young man sticks with his ministry. Amen. He sticks with the word of the Lord that was told to him. &gt;&gt; And he says, "Verily, you know, I don't think he said verily, verily, but he said something along those lines." He says, "I can't turn aside because God told me with his words, I'm not supposed to turn left or right. I'm not supposed to take any hospitality. The way I came here is not the way I'm supposed to go. I'm supposed to go another way home. I don't want people to get used to me on that track and then invite me in. I'm supposed to come this way. If I came on jog, I'm leaving on Okchobee. Does that make sense? I don't know who. Close enough. Okay. Yeah. If I came on one road, I'm leaving on the other. Okay. Now, when he told the king that, you know, he's following the word and he's just like walking on his way. And then he gets to this point and uh there's an older prophet and the older prophet he talks to his sons. He says, "Oh, there was a young prophet. Okay, let me find this guy." So he hops on top of a donkey or mule, whatever it was, and follows after him. He finds him. He's like, "Hey, come to my house." You know, and uh in verse 13 of the same chapter, no, sorry, verse 18 of the same chapter, he said unto him, "I am a prophet." Now, now the young man, he told him what the what he told the king. God said, 'I'm not supposed to go with you anywhere. Now the older prophet, he said unto him, I am a prophet also as thou art. And an angel spake unto me by the word of the Lord, saying, Bring him back with me into thine house, that he may eat bread and drink water. But he lied unto him. So he went back with him and did eat bread in the house and drank water. So the young man, he's like, "Oh, snap. I'm a prophet. God talked to me. I'm not gonna pretend that God only talks to me. You know, that's a good spirit, right? God doesn't just give me the word. Came the word of me to me only. Word of God to me only. No. But at the same time, if God had wanted him to stop and stay with that hospitality, &gt;&gt; he would have come the same way &gt;&gt; he told him the first time. &gt;&gt; So, the word of the Lord would have come to him and said, "You know what? Never mind. Go hang out with this dude." &gt;&gt; But he didn't follow that. So, he was dead the next day. I'm not going to say you're going to die every time you disobey God. But he was dead. He did. He didn't go home. And God actually used the the mouth of that older prophet to tell him, "Thus sayeth the Lord, you're going to die cuz you disobeyed God." He's the one who lied to him. Now, I know this will be controversial, but hang with me. Don't stand up and walk out. If you are with the word, young people, and God showed you to do something and it lines up with his word and you know he's talking to you, do that. And it doesn't matter who tells you not to do that thing. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter if it's your parents. It doesn't matter if it's your grandparents. It doesn't matter if it's a preacher. It doesn't matter if it's me. If I say something that's off the word and God told you to do something else and you can prove it by the word, ignore me, please. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it might be a little controversial for you y'all older folks who are parents and who are grandparents, but that's just a challenge to you to only tell your kids what's in the word. &gt;&gt; Okay? That's your job. That's my job. &gt;&gt; We got to take it seriously. So if if you have a decision, don't make the decision for your young person or child or nephew, aunt or grandchild. If you have a decision to help them out, then I have no idea why I'm playing with this handkerchief. Um, that's really strange. I just realized I've been doing this for an hour. Okay. Um, if you have a decision and it doesn't come from the word, then you have to ask yourself what your motive is. Is it just like your emotions that are causing you to tell them that? Did God lead you in that situation to speak to them that way? Or did he put a lying spirit on you to tell your child something that's wrong? &gt;&gt; You don't want to be the test that your child is going through. I don't want to be the test for somebody else. &gt;&gt; No, I want to be on the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Um that holds true. The same pattern holds true. Whenever um what's his name? King Hezekiah was talking to Isaiah. Isaiah comes and tells him, "Hey, get your house in order. you're going to die. And uh Hezekiah turns and he starts praying to the Lord. And this is the prophet of God who had actually had God tell him verbatim him what to tell Hezekiah. And he says, "Hey, thus sayith the Lord, you're going to die." And Hezekiah after he prays, um God has an answer for him and changes the situation. He says, "Okay, I'm going to give you 15 more years and you're going to be victorious over your enemy. 15 years. Um so you're you're going to be fine." But the way he did that, he didn't call some other prophet. He didn't call some other person way out there. No. And if you if you go to the book of Kings, it's counted twice. Once in Isaiah and once in Kings. If you go to the Kings version in Kings, it says Isaiah was still in the middle court. He hadn't left the building yet. And God said, "Turn around. I got something to tell this man's." And he sent Isaiah back to tell him, "You got 15 more years." &gt;&gt; The the outlet didn't change. And our one outlet is going to be the word of God. It's going to be the message. &gt;&gt; So if that told me to do something one way, the only way that that's going to change is if I find it in the word of God &gt;&gt; or in the message. &gt;&gt; That's the only way that's going to change. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Um now I and I'm and you have to distinguish that young people and older people you have to distinguish the difference between okay Aaron you know up here he was preaching and he had a slip of the tongue informational something wrong and he said one thing one time a year and a half ago when he preached here but he said the opposite this time when he's preaching here. I'm not the word of God. I'm here to bring the word of God to you and I might make mistakes, but um it's not the same thing. So, if I come back and tell you something that's the opposite, please approach me with love and say, "Hey, you said something here that you said the opposite of over here that looks different. What are you talking about?" I might have a way to balance it out that I understood but didn't actually tell you or something I said might have beenformationally wrong, but the word of God is not going to lead you the wrong way. It's not going to turn you around in the opposite direction. And and about explaining myself, other people don't need to explain themselves to you. Am I right? You know, a lot of people have a problem with the way the messages um because of the messenger. They have a problem with the messenger. They have a problem with the way with who he was. They say, "Oh, why would a white prophet have something for me? I'm black or I'm Asian or I'm from this country that some guy in Kentucky. Why would he have something for me?" They get caught up with the messenger and then forget about, you know, it's the message. It's not the messenger. And they'll talk about brother Brandham's failings because he was human. As nice as he was a guy, as much as I want to meet him when I get to heaven, as cool as I think he was and amazing as an example, he had failures because he was a man. And I have to accept that. now because he was a man and he had failures um they just throw away the entire message cuz they can't deal with those failures you know um and to that point uh I feel like wait hang on where was I going with that yes he had failures um if you actually look back at the other prophets in the Bible they had a lot uglier failures than brother Brandham did like and and people just read through the Bible and accept what they said. They'll flip right over to the book of Hosea. That guy who married a prostitute and then he was told to go take a concubine while he was married to that prostitute in another chapter and like, "Oh yeah, Hosea said this. Yeah, we can quote that." And then you show them the table and they flip out. It's like, are you serious? The double standard here is just crazy. I can't even believe it. Oh, he slipped. He had a slip of the tongue back in, I don't know, 47. I just can't follow the rest of this because he messed something up. He said 700 instead of 7,000. Like, come on now. &gt;&gt; It's a man. It's not Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. those same people and you can easily point out in like different things. You could go to uh the gospels and I actually did this because I was trying to do a study and I I got a Bible that has the gospels in chronological order. So it'll take a verse from John and the same verse from Matthew, Mark, Luke and you know line them all up like that and it went chronologically and then you'd read their accounts and it's just like huh there's something a little different here. It's like who was the first person at the tomb? I can't tell, you know. And it's it it's a man who wrote it down. The point is somebody was at the tomb. The point is someone came out of the tomb. Don't miss the point because you're worried about those little details. The point is there's an open tomb and a guy who should be dead is not. That's the point. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And people just read the gospels like, "Yeah, sure, brother. That was great." and then show them a message book. It's all the word and it was all sent to us. I know throughout this sermon I I keep saying, "Oh yeah, I look in the word or the message." I'm not saying that the word is the message is not the word. I'm not saying that. I hope nobody gets that. Um to me, they're the same. If I if I if I come up here and I'm reading something and I want to be certain of it, I'm going to pull it from the Bible or a message book because I believe the message has the word of God in there. It's not I don't have a problem with it. To me, it's the same thing. I just uh distinguished verbally so you know what I mean. Now the very last point um and I I think this plagues young people definitely by the time they hit uh teenage years um give me a second. definitely by the time they hit their teenage years because um when you're younger everything's black and white, right? God said do this, don't do that. It's simple. You know, the word of God says do this, don't do that. And the older you get, the more you realize that there are uh uh things that you might have questions about that you don't see a scripture in the Bible that verbally tells you exactly what to do in that exact moment. And people call those gray areas because people have different interpretations. An example is like modesty. How short should your skirt be? There's no ruler for that. There's no verse that says, you know, 2 feet, 10 in, whatever. There's nothing like that. It doesn't say how tall are you? Well, your dress should be that long. There's nothing about that. Um, and the older you get, the more you realize that people will have different impressions and leadings from you. So, my last category is this one. It says, "Having questions is bittersweet." And uh I'm going to explain that to you. I'm going to use as short a time as possible. I want to be conscious of time, but um especially by the time kids get to be teenagers. Uh and definitely for me, I I you know, you're taught in a good scriptural church, you're taught that you should go to the word to find answers for everything. The the word should give answers. And I've said that multiple times in this sermon right now. Stand with the word. And that's important. That's great. Um, but sometimes we don't understand something about the word. So, you go to a church leader or you go to your parents or you go to you go to somebody to get an answer. Now, the reason questions are bittersweet is because I think questions are amazing. That's how I learned so much about the word because I had questions and I was like, "Every answer is in there. Great. Open that Bible. Let me find it." I'm the kind of person to be like, "Yes, I believe that and I'm going to find it in there because it will be in there. And if not that, then I'm going to pray to God and he'll answer that for me." Or I'll listen to sermons. I'll listen to tapes. I'll do what I can and I'll find that answer. And I I find that in the church world, there are two kinds of people. They're curious ones. No offense to the ones who don't seem to be as curious. They're the curious ones who will go to the Bible and they'll be like flipping through there and go to the message, try to find answers. And then there the other ones who think all they need is faith. And so they'll just be like, "Oh, bless God. I just believe it. That's all." Don't ask questions. Just believe it. I believe it, brother. I don't care. I don't I I believe it. Every time you ask them a question, they don't really have a straight answer for you. And they say, "I believe it." And true, faith is important. Faith will get you saved. Faith is great. But knowledge is on the stature of a perfect man for a reason. Jesus said, "Search the scriptures for in them you think you have eternal life." Why do you think that? Because you know something that you sought out. So you need to find something in the scripture for yourself. So there I'm not saying curiosity is God to me. I don't think cur those who are curious are perfect people. I'm not saying people who just go on faith are perfect people. I'm saying there's a balance somewhere in the middle where if you are prone to be faithful and uh constantly just believe the word, that's a good strong place to start. But if a younger person, and I'm talking to parents right this moment, if a younger person talks to you and asks you questions and you just don't have answers, search the scripture with them cuz they might be a curious person and you're just shutting them down, saying, "Just believe it. Just believe it." that young person, all they're going to get is a legalistic doctrine. &gt;&gt; It grows into legalism because instead of finding answers of why we do certain things in church and why we don't do certain things, you're just saying believe it and you're not even have you don't have a scriptural base for anything you did. If you listen to all, you know, I don't know, is it 1181 or 1,200 messages? I can't remember how many messages there are. Um, but if you listen to all of those, you never hear brother Brandon preach a topic or talk about a topic without referencing the word. Why? Because he sought it out and then he brought it out to you. And it didn't matter which angel of the Lord, you know, came and told him that. It doesn't matter when he does that because brother Brandon will take everything he heard from the angel of the Lord and open his Bible immediately and search down each thing and be like, "Wow, you're right." &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Why? because he needed to search the scriptures to make sure his experience matched up with the scripture. &gt;&gt; But at the same time, those who are curious, the reason I said it's bittersweet is because God wants you to be curious because the more you know the word, the more you know him. That's great. The devil wants you to be curious because if you choose the wrong source to answer your question, he will take you down the wrong path. Right? So qu questions are great. I love it when young people have questions. even when I can't answer them. I was in a Sunday school class and young people, they started asking me, "Why does the Bible say unicorns and what is that about?" And I was just like, "I don't know. Why does the Bible say unicorns? I don't know what they're talking about." Um, I think they were talking about some other mythical creatures that were in the Bible. I was just like, I don't know what to tell you, but I mean, we looked together and it's interesting that that's there. That's cool. I can't tell you why they're there. Um, but guess what? We had a great discussion. And I could be honest with them. I didn't just tell them, "Oh, just be quiet. Just believe it. Believe the unicorns." Like, what's the plan here? No, that wasn't going to help them in that moment. They had questions. And I've had young people who come to Becca and I and they want counseling. They're like, "Okay, every time I have questions about the Bible or the message, my parents just tell me to believe it. Now, what am I supposed to do?" Amen. It's just like, well, you should believe it, but I don't don't shut them down. &gt;&gt; You know, um, as Christians, we we tend to be uh the more you grow into a Christian, the the more faith you can have in God because you've lived with him and you've dealt with him, you've had that relationship, you know. Um, but, uh, that should be a strength. It shouldn't be a weakness. It shouldn't be a weakness to the point where it's just like, oh yeah, just do what God said. Just, you know, if you're if you don't know about it, don't do it. You know, Brother Brandon does say that in the message. If you if you don't have an answer and you're not sure about whether or not you should do something, just don't. He says that that's important. That's good. But you can take that too far to where you don't do anything and you don't have an explanation for why you don't do anything. You just don't do it because you you're scared. That's fear. That's not faith. That's the opposite of what you're professing to have. It's opposite. Um, so yeah, I respect young people. They got like some You guys got some big brains. You're really intelligent. Freak me out sometimes cuz you'll ask me something I have no idea. I didn't even consider, but I respect you. That's It's just amazing um how intelligent you guys are and the potential. Um so don't turn them down and don't don't hush them up. And if a young person you feel disrespected by an adult, don't be disrespectful back. Don't don't forget, you know, uh, like I said, I mean, the Bible will tell you to do things like respect your elders and stuff like that. You definitely need to do that. And, um, I I love the fact that there are so many young people I meet who are respectful. It shows good parenting, but um, that anything the devil can do, he will turn it the wrong way. He'll lead you too far down a path. musicians can return. He'll lead you to too far down that path. So, don't forget to be curious if you can. And uh uh that actually reminds me one day I want to preach a sermon called uh well I won't give you the name but I want to preach a sermon on that because the devil when he makes when he gets you curious and you look up an answer let's say let's say I am a young person who went to my dad or my mom and asked an answer to a question and they just said just believe it. Well that's not an answer for me. So, every time I go to church and hear that specific bit of scripture, I don't understand it and I don't know why. I'm just told to believe it. Uh, that will be all I see. Cuz every time I start to look at other things in the Bible, the devil will just keep showing me inconsistency after inconsistency after inconsistency, and he'll just take me down that path. But God, if you take your questions back to the word and you're shown where the answer is, he will show you how it dovetales over and over and over. So, both of them can use that curiosity of yours for a strength. Amen. &gt;&gt; All right, that's what I had for tonight. I'm going to uh close with a word of prayer. Uh heavenly father, thank you for uh this opportunity to dive into your word, Lord. We thank you for these things that you've taught us and reminded us of. Lord, as we go out of here, we as uh parents and leadership and adults, Lord, we want to be shining examples to these young people. And I pray that uh you can lead us to be that kind of person that you want us to be. Let us shine that light to them. Let us answer this challenge that you've given us in your scripture about um to the fathers and the young ones that to the young men, Lord. uh in young women in this in this gathering. Lord, whoever is listening online, Lord, we pray that you uh just shine your light and show us what you want for us. Lord, let help us to just throw aside and put a aside every weight that besets us, Lord. Forget people's opinions and just shut it all out, Lord. And just to seek your kingdom, Lord, for in you is eternal life. Just to seek you and to know that if we follow you, you'll take care of all the little details. If we follow you, you'll defend us, Lord. We don't have to defend you. We don't have to cower. We don't have to hide and pretend that we know every bit of scripture and try to debate people or uh justify every action that we take. Lord, we just need to hide ourselves in you. Please show us your will, Lord. Please keep us from temptation and tribulation that might uh upset the goal that you set for us, that might put us off that path. Lord, we pray this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Thank you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Certainly appreciate um the word of the Lord on tonight. Um just um I have to say I'm amazed at how God just kind of takes us down um some of these paths through the ministry. A lot of the things that brother Aaron was bringing to us tonight. I just just kind of going back through my my own journey and I believe you know for the uh the parents certainly um you could identify with every point that was being made. uh you know and first becoming a Christian and and and and certainly my journey started when I was uh a young man you know as far as serving the Lord and um defending the Lord how you deal with temptations and um God don't have to explain himself which mean I don't have to explain myself right and if God tells you to do something do what he asked you to do and having questions is bittersweet just I could I could sit here and tell you my own personal testimony, how every one of those points um impacted me along my my journey. Uh young people, I will tell you this will certainly be a sermon that uh you will want to go and revisit. &gt;&gt; You'll want to listen to this one um over and over again, especially, you know, when you're dealing with temptations and things like that. and and falling and having to get back up. Uh even the scripture tells us that a just man uh falls seven times. But the thing about it is that they get back up, right? And and and often times what happens with us is that we fall and oh and and the beautiful thing that he he he he made a statement that Jesus went through these things after he got the Holy Ghost. Now that's that's that's a something just really, you know, ponder on because um you know, we're going to go through things before the Holy Ghost and then even after we receive the Holy Ghost, we're still going to have trials that we have to go through, right? And um you know, but the the main thing that you have to remember is that don't let Satan take away your experience when you go through a trial. Don't let the devil have your experience, right? God just wants to actually give you more uh of himself in the midst of it. So, it was just it was this was just full of nutrients, you know, tonight. And and I I I just I thought it was really really good for uh our our youth kind of preparing them for uh this next phase in their journey, but also for the old ones to kind of go back and reflect and uh and when we can just get, you know, all those things in alignment, it helps. And and I just just I was blessed. I was blessed. I was blessed. I was blessed. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Aaron. Thank you so much for getting yourself out of the way. Amen. This was this was this was nice. What Aaron done messed up. That's all right. Amen. Let's sing this this song uh before we leave uh on tonight. Just stand to your feet with me. Let's just offer the Lord a song of praise. I will be what you called me to be. Say, I will be what you've called me to be. Oh, and I'll say yes, [Music] Lord. I agree. My desire, oh passionately, is to be what you've called me to be. Oh, and that's what I will be. [Music] Oh, I will be what you've called me to be. Oh, I'll say yes. [Music] Oh Lord, I agree. My desire here all passionately is to be what you've called me to be. That's what I will be. &gt;&gt; That's what I &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. I'll say yes. Oh, and I'll say yes. Say yes. I agree. [Music] Everything you spoke about me, I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. Yes, I agree. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, tell the Lord. Yes tonight. Oo, I'll say yes. I'll say yes. I agree. I agree. Oh, I will be what you call me to be. Say, I will be. [Music] Oh, and I'll say yes, Lord. I agree. My desire, passionately, oh, it's to be. You call me to be. That's what I will be. &gt;&gt; That's what I &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word that has been ministered to our hearts tonight. Just walking through this journey, things that brother Aaron learned along the way. God, the wisdom that was poured out uh in this room tonight, things that we all could identify with. And Lord, we um uh we just appreciate, Father, him just getting himself out of the way and allowing you to use him. I believe hearts have been helped and people have been strengthened. Uh his transparency on some of the things that he has gone through. I I know you are speaking to people in this room as well as those that have joined online. And father, I pray that the word would have the preeminence in every heart. That the word itself is what would bring deliverance and break yolks in the lives of your people. And father, may we be determined to rise from wherever it is that Satan has tried to pull us down. May we rise to what you have called us to, oh God. And Lord, be all that you desire for us to be. We thank you, Father. Amen. For this word tonight. How our spirit man has been strengthened and encouraged, uplifted, Lord, by the word of God that has come to us. Bless us now as we leave this place, but not your presence. May we go reflecting and thinking on the things we heard here tonight. And may you bring us back at the appointed time on Sunday morning, Lord. And may you meet us here in a special way, God. It's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. Don't forget on Sunday we'll still be parking. Amen. There in the grass area. Uh so just make sure you you put your car there while they're working on the parking lot here. God bless you. The brothers will come at this time to dismiss you. [Music] [Applause]
