################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - A Paradigm Shift - Bro Jerry Cesar (12-28-2025) - Jerry Cesar.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-28
Title:    A Paradigm Shift - Bro Jerry Cesar (12-28-2025)
Speaker:  Jerry Cesar
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnVtwAd4j3I
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Where would I be? God only knows. I'm glad you see through the eyes of love. I was a hopeless case, an empty space. If not for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless case, an empty space, if not for grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once were lost, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless case, an empty space. If not for grace, where would I be? God only knows. I'm glad you see through the eyes of love. I was a hopeless case, an empty space. If not for grace, I was a hopeless case. an empty space. If not, oh, I was I was I was was a hopeless case, an empty space if not for grace. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you, saints. It's good to be back in the house of the Lord this morning. I trust you all had a a wonderful Christmas time. Amen. Enjoying family and friends. Amen. Enjoying the presence of the Lord. Amen. I I trust that we all worship him. Amen. Let's sing this little song together. Holy forever. Praise the Lord. Let's start with the chorus. And the angels cry Christ. Holy. You are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. Hear your people sing. Hear your people sing. Oh to the King of Kings. You're so holy. You will always be holy, holy forever. Hear the angels cry. You're so holy. All creation cry. You are holy. You are lifted. Holy. Say holy forever. Hear your people sing. You're so holy to the King of Kings. To the King of Kings. You are You'll always be holy, holy forever. your name above them all. All thrones, all thrones and dominion, all powers and positions. Your name stands above them all. Your name, say, your name is the highest. Your name, come on, is the greatest. Oh, stands above them all. on thrones and dominions and position. Your name, oh come on, one more time. Your name, say your name is the highest. Oh, is the greatest. Your name stands above. All thrones and dominions, all powers and position your name. Hey stands above. Oh, and the angels cry. You say all creation cry. Say holy, you are lifted high. Oh, holy say holy forever to the king of kings. Say holy to the King of Kings. You're so holy. You will always be holy. Holy. Say holy forever. Your name. YOUR NAME. YOUR NAME. YOUR NAME, your name is the greatest. Your name, oh it stands above all through all and dominion, all power and position your name. Oh, your name IS THE HIGHEST. YOUR NAME IS THE GREATEST. YOUR NAME. YEAH. YEAH. All thrones. All thrones and dominion. ALL POWERS AND POSITION. your name. Hey. And the angels cry, "Holy, holy, you are lifted high." We say you are holy forever. Hear your people sing. You are &gt;&gt; You're the King of Kings. You are holy. You will always be &gt;&gt; so holy. &gt;&gt; Come on, say holy forever. And the angels cry. You are holy. All creation cry holy. You are lifted high, holy, holy forever. Hear your people sing. Holy You are so holy, holy, holy forever. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. There's no one like our God. Absolutely no one like our God. You know, even he's so holy that the angels have to cover their faces. When prophets come into his presence, they fall down like dead men. Can you imagine how holy and righteous our God is? You can't bring into his presence, you'll die immediately. But aren't you so grateful for the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. That we can approach our God this morning and worship him and call him holy because that's who he is. Ah, I'm so grateful for what our Lord has done. I I'm I'm reminded of when the prophet was in there criticizing the old lady at the table and God called him said, "Come over here. I want you to look at this. He showed him his sins going up towards God, but there was a a red cloud covering the earth blocking his sins. And Jesus Christ standing there and those sins coming hitting him. He's shaking. And he's feeling the pain of our sins that was supposed to hit God. And God would have destroyed brother Brandham immediately. He had a different perspective. You are the very righteousness of God. You are his holiness. Sometimes you have to change the way that you view yourself. You got to see how God sees you. You are washed in the blood. There's no sin on you. Sometimes sinners come into your presence and they don't realize and they're just sitting there cursing and all of this. God could strike him down, but you're there. You are the blood of Jesus Christ in his hour. God richly bless you. I don't know why that came on my heart, but Praise the Lord. View yourself like God views you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this little song together. I sort of I don't know. Praise the Lord. Let's move on. I don't know what you come to do. I said, I don't know what you come to do. I come to clap my hands. I come to stomp my feet. I come to sing and shout. I come to praise his name. &gt;&gt; I don't know what you come to do. Well, I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; I come to clap my hands. &gt;&gt; I come to s my feet. &gt;&gt; I come to sing and shout. I come to praise the name. Well, I don't know what you come to do. Oh, I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't know what you come to do. Well, I come to clap my hands. I come to stomp my feet. I come to sing and shout. I come to praise his name. I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; I don't know what you come to. &gt;&gt; You and you and you and you. &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I come to clap my hands. I come to sum my feet. I come to sing and shout. I come to praise his name. I come TO LIFT HIM UP. HELP ME LIFT HIM UP. HELP ME LIFT HIM UP. HELP ME lift him up, y'all. Well, I DON'T KNOW WHAT you come to do. &gt;&gt; Oh, I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU come to do. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Say, I don't know what you come to do. &gt;&gt; I don't know what you come to do. Let me see you clap your hand. Let me see you clap your hand. Come on. Have you tried Jesus? Have you tried? Have you tried Jesus? He's all right. Have you tried my Jesus? &gt;&gt; HAVE YOU TRIED JESUS? Have you tried my Jesus? He's all right. He's all right. He's all right. He's all right. Oh, have you tried, Jesus? Have you tried, my Jesus? Have you tried Jesus? HAVE YOU TRIED my Jesus? He's all right. He's all right. He's all right. He's all right. There's a storm out on the ocean and it's moving this away. If your soul's not anchored in Jesus, you will surely drift away. Well, there's a storm out on the ocean and it moving this away. If your soul not anchored IN JESUS, YOU will surely drift away. Drift away. Y'all drift away. You will surely drift away. If your soul's not anchored in Jesus, you will surely drift away. Have you tried Jesus? Have you tried Jesus? Have you tried my Jesus? Have you tried Jesus? He's all right. HALLELUJAH. PRAISE the Lord. Amen. Taste and see that the Lord is good. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's good all the time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. You may have your seats. Amen. Sort of got started a little late and we, you know, we got a little time crunch, but first of all, we want to welcome Brother Timothy and Sister Rahab Bank. That's how you say your name. Praise the Lord. It's good to have you in the house of the Lord. You from New York, right? God bless you. Praise the Lord. I heard you're a singer. Come on up. Let's Let's Come on. Bless the people. My precious brother. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God bless you. Good to be back in his house this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Where the tools and trees are gather. He said where the tools and trees are gather in my name. He said he's in the midst. And we so good to be back here this morning. Try a this morning for the honor and glory of God. Um, the lily of the valley. &gt;&gt; Do you know that one? So I can sing whatever fill my Hallelujah. A rose of sharing show me how to grow in beauty. Oh, fear a thousand. Make me your reflection of your love. I pray this star shine on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, lead me, Lord. I'll follow anywhere you open up the door. Oh, let your word speak to me. Show me what I never seen before. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. I pray this star shine on me. Let your love shine to me in the night. Oh Lord, I see the world is dying, wounded by the master of the sea. Then there's groping in the darkness, haunted by the years of past. with fear. Oh Lord, I see you standing with me, Lord. Shining with your master in your might. Oh, I pray Jesus shine down on me. Oh, let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, lead me Lord, I'll follow. Anywhere you open up the Lord. Oh, let your words speak to me. Show me what I never seen before. Oh. Oh Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and may get right. I'll pray this all shine on me. Oh, let your love shine through me in the night. Hallelujah. Oh, let your world shine to me. Show me what it Oh, hallelujah. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You appreciate that special. Amen. Let's give our God another hand clap of praise. God bless you, brother Jim. Really appreciate it, brother. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. The Lord is good. He is the day star. Hallelujah. Amen. We have a prayer request here. I'd like to Amen. We want to thank the Lord for having Sister Dixon back in the house of the Lord this morning. Praise the Lord. Have a prayer prayer request here from Brother Garren says, "Miss Virginia, who is 100 years old, had to be admitted into the hospital for pulmonary edema and plural eusion, congest congestive heart failure. pray for her recovery and strength. So, we want to remember Miss Virginia this morning. We have many brothers and sisters that are not here. Uh some are are traveling. Um we want to continue to keep brother and sister capers in prayer. Amen. I believe brother Troy or sister um Tanya, one of them is not feeling well. I think they got caught up with the flu. So, we want to keep them in prayer this morning. Just keep one another in prayer always. We're fighting the same devil. If I know that I'm going through trials, I I'm sure you are, too. So, I keep you in prayer always. Amen. We have a a birthday coming up on Wednesday. Be brother Jose's birthday. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we have a watch night service Wednesday, December 31st at 9:30 p.m. The address of the uh that we will be using is 1710 East Tiffany Street, Tiffany Drive, I'm sorry, West Palm Beach, Florida, 3347. Um, we will be streaming via Facebook at sat tabernacle and the church's website, john423.org. And also on Friday night, we have a tape service. The name of the tape that we'll be listening to is Zakayas the businessman. That's 63121. Amen. Again, that's Zakayas the businessman 63-0121. Brother Bernard, pastor at uh Eagle's Temple, uh they will be having their youth service this evening at 6 PM uh at their at their churches, 13525 North Northeast Second Court in Miami. Amen. So that's this evening at 6 PM, Brother Bernard is having his youth youth service. As for our giving, there's a box just beyond the doors there on the table. You can leave your giving in there. There's three ways of giving online. Zel, PayPal, and Cash App. The preferred method is Zel because there are no fees associated with Zel. The email address you would use for both Zel and PayPal is given at john423.org. For cash app, it's dollar sign Spirit and Truth T. For those who desire to mail in your given, uh, it's Spirit of Truth Tabernacle, PO Box 222462, West Palm Beach, Florida 33422. Amen. Let's bow our head. Heavenly Father, we come to you, our great King of Kings, Lord. Father, we love you. We praise you. We Thank you. We're so grateful, Lord God, that you woke us up this morning, that we can come into the house of the Lord. And Lord, with all of our heart, worship you in spirit and in truth. We're grateful for your presence, Lord God. And we know that you are attentive to our prayers. Father, we want to bring Miss Virginia to to you, Lord. Father, you have given her a long life of 100 years. And Father, she's having trouble in her body this morning, Lord Jesus. We ask almighty God that you will strengthen her Lord and grant her a speedy recovery Lord Jesus. Father she may be weak and frail Lord but you are her strength Lord Jesus. Father you are her healer Lord. You are wounded for her transgressions. You are bruised for her iniquity. The chastisement of her peace was upon you and with your stripes she was healed Lord God. Healing Lord is for the baby in the womb Lord is for the the 100 100 year old woman. Lord there's no age li on heaven healing, Father. So we believe you. We trust you and we expect her to have a speedy recovery and her body strengthened, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray over Brother Troy and sister Tanya, Father, dealing with the flu. Father God, we pray, Almighty God, that you'll touch their bodies and may they have a speedy recovery. And anyone else in this sanctuary, Lord, whatever need that they have, Lord, may you meet that need, Lord. For you are almighty God, all powerful, Lord. Everything we have need of is in you, Father. We're so grateful for your grace and mercy. We pray, Father God, that you'll continue to bless Brother Jack and and and the the family and brother Quinton over in Ghana and the services there, Lord. They're having a wonderful time. And Father, we pray when you're done there with them, Lord, you'll bring them safely back to us, Lord, granting traveling mercies to them. Oh, blessing them as they went forth and as they come back in, Lord Jesus. We pray for our brothers and sisters, Brother Simba and Sister Ruth and the family that flew out to Texas. Lord, bring them back safely. Lord, all of our brothers and sisters who are traveling, Lord, be with them, Lord. Brother Tim, Lord God, and and and Sister Rahab, Lord, we pray for them. Thank you for bringing them, Lord, to to come and fellowship with them with us this morning. We pray, oh God, a special blessing upon them for their efforts and their travels. Lord, be with them, Lord, oh Father, and to have your way in this service. Father, as we bring forth our giving to you, Lord, we pray, Almighty God, we do it according to your word. And from our hearts, Lord, as you have given to us freely, we give back to you. Thank you so much for blessing each of us, Lord Jesus, that we can give unto you. We have done our portion and you have promises associated, Lord, with this our giving. So, Father, give to your people 100fold for will bless everything they put their hands to. May it prosper, Lord. We pray in the blessed name of Jesus Christ. We also ask, Father, that you would touch Brother Jerry, Lord, as he prepares his heart to bring the message this morning. Help him to get himself out of the way, Lord. Speak through him and to him, Lord Jesus. We need a word from you this morning. You have a willing servant, Lord. We'll be careful to hear everything you would say to us and believe. We love you, Father. Commit all things to your care in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Maris, will you come? Amen. Give us a special this morning. God bless you saints. It's a privilege and an honor to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. Amen. more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my care, more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my care, more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up in every day I live. Lord, I love you more. And it gets easier to understand the road I'm traveling down. No more wavering or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground and I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, the more that I release my care, more he takes control, the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up and every day I live. Lord, I love you more. More that I surrender. More that I surrender. The lighter my Lord. More that I release my care. I release my care. more he takes control, the more that I can humble myself, the he lifts me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. See the problems I had one yesterday are misstepping stones to a higher place. The problems that seem so awome to me are now my banners of victory and I know I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my care, more he takes control, the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, more that I release my care, release my care, more he takes control, the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up in Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. And every day, And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There's so much truth to that song. Ah, just surrender. He wants to use you. Amen. Will you stand to your feet? Praise the Lord. Let's sing Amazing Grace as brother Jerry comes out this morning. Oh, I once was lost but now I am found. was blind, but now I see. Sing it again. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that our rich Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. He is worthy of all of your praise. Amen. You know, uh just thinking back there, the fact that you have come this far, it it just shows how good God has been to you. &gt;&gt; And I just believe that every one of you here are here because you're standing on victorious grounds. &gt;&gt; Amen. He is worthy to be praised, saints. He is worthy to be praised. And and I just know that uh you know they like to say in uh you know save the best for last, but you know I just believe that God uh he deserves our best this morning. Amen. Because of how good he's been to us because of his grace, because of his mercy, because of his faithfulness. Amen. The things that we didn't understand, God showed up. The doors that were closed, God opened them up. Amen. that is the God that you serve this morning. I greet you all in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Uh it is certainly a privilege for me to be before you this morning. Um you know uh just thinking about uh just on my way here just how how grateful I am for Spirit and Truth Tabernacle. Um and I I say this with all my heart for my family. We appreciate Spirit of Truth. Praise God. From the greatest to the least. Amen. And we all know who the greatest is. &gt;&gt; It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise God. And I just happen to be the least this morning. So I thank you and I just solicit your prayer and I trust that God will uh is have his way this morning. So let us just bow in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you God for your grace, Lord. Lord, the song says, "Amazing grace." And Lord, it is because truly your grace is amazing. Oh, Father, there's so many things that could be, oh Lord, that can get old, but God, that is one that can never get old, Father. Because even on the other side, we'll still be singing Amazing Grace. And Lord, I thank you, God, that you have once again showed up in the midst of your people, Lord. You have kept your word, Father, as you have promised, Lord, whenever two or three are gathered, you would be there, Lord. And Father, I know, God, that you have something in store for us this morning. And I just pray that you would have your way, Lord. Father God, you say when omnipotence meet omnipotence, something is bound to happen. So, Father, I pray that you'll not be limited, Lord, in our gathering, God. Oh, Father, I pray you would have your preeminence, Lord. And God, may you speak to every vessel, Lord. May, oh Father, the Spirit bring everything to subjection to your word, Lord. And Father, I pray, Lord, to from from the inside of the sanctuary to the stream, Lord. May every word be, oh God, sent to its designated place, Father, that it would bring forth fruit. Oh Lord. Oh, Father, we thank you, God. We thank you. And Lord, we just commit this part of the service into your hands. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you. So this morning without any delay, we will uh turn our Bibles to uh a few places. Uh we want to start at the third John chapter 1 and we'll read a few verses there. Verse two to verse four. Praise the Lord. And just say amen when you're there. And God richly bless you uh to the to our guest this morning. Uh brother Timothy, I believe it is. We we certainly thank you for your for your presence with us. I really appreciate that special. It was a real blessing. Amen. Third John chapter 1 verse two. All right. So it reads, "Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health even as thy soul prosperth. For I rejoiced greatly when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth. I have no greater joy than to hear my children walk in truth. Amen. And we want to read another place here. Psalms chapter 8 verse 3-6. Praise God. Give you some time to turn to that. Praise the Lord. And it reads, "When I consider the heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained? What is man that thou art mindful of him? And the son of man that thou visitest him? For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and thou hast crowned him with glory and honor. Thou madeest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands. Thou hast put all things under his feet. Praise the Lord. May the Lord add a blessing to his reading. You all may have your seats. Praise the Lord. So, we want to get into a subject this morning. Uh and as a title uh we want to talk about a paradigm shift. Praise the Lord. A paradigm shift. And our inspiration this morning is purge for the blessings. Praise the Lord. Purge for the blessings. And I just like what we read so far this morning in third John chapter chapter 1. Uh because I just believe the same John that was caught on the aisle of Patmas uh saw and caught a revelation of God's greatest and highest desire for man. Praise the Lord. And John would say that uh that we ought to um live in such a way where healing and uh prosperity in our healing in our bodies is something that we ought to have. Amen. And I just like how he says that I wish that in all things you prosper in health as your soul prospers. U and when you're when when it says when your soul prospers um you know he he he he brings it back home to say that um that how he was glad and rejoiced when the brethren were in truth. And you see when we're in truth saints there's there's something in us that prospers. Amen. And there's something that just um that just uh happens to uh uh uh uh reflect the word because the word never lost its position. The word never lost its power. Amen. So as a man that believes this word, we realize that God is reconciling us back to himself and to reflect that perfect image of Jesus Christ. Amen. Uh so God's desire for your life isn't just for you to survive, but it's for you to exceed. It's for you to prosper in all things. Praise the Lord. And and I just believe God has dealt with us especially this year uh to experience a life of transformation from the inside man to the outside man. Praise the Lord. Now the prophet says this here. We want to read this in the message total deliverance. Praise God. And I know our projector is not working this morning. Uh but I trust we can all catch what the prophet is saying. The prophet says, "The church has been in the minority. It always will be in numbers until Jesus comes. But it's living under its Godgiven privileges." He says, "If we only knew this is the church of the living God," not the Brandham tabernacle and if I might say not spirit and truth tabernacle. Uh but he says that is just part of it. There's other such tabernacles through the country. But he says if we only knew that this church is the church of the living God. And saints as the church of the living God, God has given you promises. Praise the Lord. God has given you dominion. God has given you his word. And if I can go further, God has given you himself. Praise God. &gt;&gt; A and the scripture says that what is man that thou art mindful of him. Praise the Lord. He's mindful of you not just today, but he was mindful of you throughout the year. He's going to be mindful of you tomorrow. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Because you are part of his image. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Praise God. So, God has given us his full intentions. I believe that he he wants us to have dominion over the things of the earth. Praise the Lord. And I think it's important that we understand that it takes a certain approach to God, a certain approach to the word of God and a certain approach to ourselves as we receive the word of God. Praise the Lord. Ultimately, we want to adopt and that is a position that God has ordained for us to operate in. Amen. A position of authority. Praise the Lord. David says here in that same Psalms chapter 8, he says, "Thou has put all things under his feet." Which means it doesn't matter what you might be going through this morning. &gt;&gt; If all things are under his feet, all things are under your feet. Amen. Praise the Lord. That means sickness is under your feet. Amen. Affliction is under your feet. Diseases is under your feet. Oh my. Everything is under your feet. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And what's under your feet should never be above your head. &gt;&gt; Which means you ought to walk knowing that you have something on the inside that reflects on the outside. Praise the Lord. It doesn't matter where you go. It doesn't matter the season. It doesn't matter the condition. It is under your feet. &gt;&gt; Praise God. And that is our expectation this morning that we approach this knowing that God has certain things he wants to manifest in our lives. Praise the Lord. Now, as we continue here, we're living in this grand age of Leodysia. Praise the Lord. And you know, the world has a way of of of their number system. They like to count down. Amen. said they they often times count from 10 to 9 to 8 all the way down to one. Uh but God by revelation showed the show show through the prophet that through the ages God's number system is a little different because we don't count down, we count up. Amen. &gt;&gt; And we go from the church of Ephesus all the way to the Leodysian church age which is the seventh church age. Praise the Lord. And you see at some point in time uh when you see the the different ages you you you you see the ending of something but you also see the beginning of something else. Amen. Which means God doesn't deal with with with so much what comes to an end. God is always part of both the end and the beginning. Amen. So, at some point in time when the as the world's number system goes, they get down to one. Um, and and there's just nowhere else to go. But God continues. He goes from the number seven. Amen. And some point there's an overlap. Praise the Lord. And maybe according to the world's number system, maybe they're at number two. Amen. And we're at the we're in the seventh church age. But you see the the the the Leodysian church age has certain atmospheres about it. It has certain conditions and elements that are contained within this age. And I just believe that in this season of our lives, it's important that we we go above this age of Leodysia. We we not we don't we don't we don't we don't stay bound to the elements of this age, but we allow oursel to go a step higher. Praise the Lord. Uh uh when when you talk about Leodysia and I can tell you some of the some of its characteristics. Praise the Lord. Sickness is a characteristics of Leodysia. Praise the Lord. Bondage is a is a condition of Leodysia. Praise the Lord. Uh uh defeat is a characteristic of Leodysia. But you have been called out of a church. Amen. And as the called out of a church, you have been called to go higher than the Leodysian luage. You have been called to go to the bride age. Amen. And when you're in the bride age, you have to forget about Leo and problems. Amen. You have to leave those problems behind. It because an eagle when it eagle gets higher, it leaves certain conditions behind. Praise the Lord. When an eagle is is is maybe battling certain things that is earthbound, the higher it goes, it cannot the things that it goes up with cannot be contained because it's going to a higher place. Praise the Lord. So I think it's time that we lay the less seeing conditions to the side. Praise God. &gt;&gt; And start worrying about bride things. Amen. And if I can say this, you can't live with bride promises while thinking lessian thoughts. Amen. What belongs to Le Oysia has no authority where the bride is. Amen. &gt;&gt; John says this in Revelation 4. He says, "After I looked and behold, a door was open in heaven, and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking to me, which said, Come up hither, and I will show you these things which must be hereafter." Praise the Lord. And I believe that was a call to the bride to come up. Amen. Because your identity won't determine your expectations. Amen. And we thank God this morning that we have an identity. Praise the Lord. Now the prophet says this in the message I know paragraph 7 preached in 1960 0417. He says, I was just talking to someone last night that our last meeting in Oklahoma. I try to uh trying now I'll announce this to lay aside until God would call me to do it. My old ministry of discernment because I think beginning the new ministry is coming in the other night. No one knowing nothing about it. I tested on a child coming across the platform had been born blind. A baby was totally born blind about 16 uh year old boy and just immediately he let out a scream. Brother Brandham, I can see. And there and was Pat standing near, right by the boy when his eyes came open for the first time in all of his life. And so I trust that you are here with great anticipations with myself. I'm looking for something God to do for us and bring us up to another level than what we've been before. Amen. And I just love this testimony that the prophet shares because I believe in this season I can resonate with that. I am anticipating for God to take me to another level than I've been before. Amen. And I believe God has another level that he wants to take his church up to than they've been before. Praise the Lord. You see, brother Brandham faced a transition in his ministry where God wasn't putting away something, but God wanted to introduce something that was more substantial in his ministry. Praise the Lord. And in in this situation and moment where brother Brandham has in the midst of this, the boy is in the midst of his presence, God uh God allowed life to enter into that boy's body. Praise God. And that blind spirit had nowhere else to go. Amen. It had to leave. So this morning we want to talk about what is a paradigm shift. So we'll break that down just a little bit as God would lead. So a paradigm shift is a fundamental change in the way people think. Amen. A fundamental change in the way people think, understand or approach something. It goes on to say this is according to Oxford languages in so much that the old way no longer makes sense once the new one takes hold. Praise the Lord. Another uh a sample definition is it can also be regarded as to when the rules of the game change not just how well you play the game. Praise the Lord. And um we're going to read a few characteristics here uh of a paradigm shift. One characteristic is that it changes expectations not just methods. Praise the Lord. And um another one says uh second characteristic is it makes the old way often feel outdated or wrong. The third characteristic it often feels uncomfortable at first. Praise the Lord. And I really like this one. It red it redefineses what is considered normal, possible or correct. Praise the Lord. And I just think that reminds me of a sermon the prophet preached called a paradox. Amen. Something that is incredible yet true. Praise the Lord. Something that opposes common sense, but yet it is true. Praise God. And I just believe um when you consider what it is to to be in a paradigm shift um it it it's a call to change your expectations based on where you know you're going. Praise the Lord. Amen. And I'm just reminded of a a story in the Bible that we often read of of of a of a of a certain prophet that God would call and he was um he was in this particular place. Uh but God commanded him to go to Zerapath to a certain widow woman. Amen. And uh this woman was arranging widow woman was arranging her death. Amen. She she had nothing much left but what what she had left she was making preparations for her death. Amen. But the prophet of God Elijah right he experienced what we can say is a paradigm shift. Amen. He went from being fed by the ravens by the brook sherith to God commanding him to be sustained. Amen. And God said, we'll pick this up in first Kings 17 and we'll just start here uh in verse 12, sorry, verse 10. It says, "So he arose and went to Zerapath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, a widow woman was there gathering of sticks. And he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel that I may drink." And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her and said, "Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruise, and behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it and die." Amen. So this woman was preparing for a different expectation. But with the prophet of God being there, she was challenged to do something that may have been uncomfortable. Amen. But she had to act in a way of obedience to the prophet's word. Praise the Lord. And the prophet says, "Fear not. Go and do as thou hast said, but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and then after make thee and for thy son, Amen. And and and I could maybe imagine what this widow woman's response was because even what Elijah commanded didn't make sense because there was only enough for the two for the widow and her son. Amen. But the Elijah says, "Go and do go ahead and and and fetch me a cake first. Bring it to me and then when you're done, make some for yourself." Praise the Lord. But see, in that time, God there was a shift happening. God was changing her expectation. There was a a a transformation happening on the inside. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. The uh it goes on to say that in verse 14, for thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruise of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth. Amen. And I just love how God moves because Elijah went from being fed to being sustained. And I just believe that's God's desire for every one of his children. He wants you to be sustained. Amen. He don't want you to have enough. He wants you to have more than enough. Praise God. &gt;&gt; And the widow woman, she she was in the face of death. Amen. But she became the source of life. Amen. And it shows that death is the beginning of life. When we're willing to come to a place of death every day to ourselves, we can allow God to reign and be an extension of our his life in our lives. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. The prophet of God says this here in the message paradox. He was in the he was in the wilderness uh hunting with a with a with a brother. And as he was as he was hunting, the prophet of God saw sees a a snake. And he sees a snake a far off. And he he's pretty sure that if the snake bites um I believe it was a mamba, but he says if if if that mamba will strike that brother, uh it it would be immediate death. Amen. Uh, and the prophet of God goes on to he says that he's looking at this mamba and the mamba is looking at him and they're kind of having this staring contest and he the mamba is making his way to the prophet but he's hesitant. Amen. As he tries to come closer he back he he takes another few another steps back. He gets closer and he goes back. He just could not come towards the prophet. Amen. But he gets to this brother and we'll pick this up in paragraph 66. He says, "And just then the serpent turned to me, and when I said that, it looked at me again, and a voice came from above and said, you have been given power to bind him, the worst or any." And I said, "Well, God, what must I do?" And by this time, the the mamba had had stricken his brother and and it bitten him. Amen. And the prophet of God is asking God, what must he do in the midst of this situation? because it was sudden death to that brother. Paragraph 67, it says, he said, "There is one thing you must do. You must be more sincere." See, you must be more sincere. I said, "Well, God, forgive me for my uncincerity and let me have sincerity." And when I raised up my hands to him again, there was a great something came over me. Just lifted me up. Seemed like that my whole body was charged with something. And I looked at the serpent and there he started towards me and he couldn't do it yet. And I said, "Satan, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I bind you." And the serpent, a blue smoke flew out of him and curled up and made the uh that that sign like a S, capital S, made backwards. It means bind this one or anything below him. And we'll jump to paragraph 70 um 71. It says, "And just then a voice came again and says, you can unbind him also." So I said, "Then Satan, that I might know I unbind you." And when it did, he started coming to life again wiggling. And I said, "I bind you back in the name of Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; Amen. And when it did, the smoke flew out of him again. Praise the Lord. And I just want to encourage you with this, saints, that the same devil you defeated this whole year, you can defeat again. The same devil you defeated last year, you can defeat again. Amen. You you you you don't need to wait till next year to defeat that devil that's been bothering you. Praise the Lord. Because you've been given authority to bind and to loose. Amen. That's the authority you have as the bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I just like how God allowed the prophet to play this back and forth game with the serpent to show the power of God in the man. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So some everyday examples of a paradigm shift based on my study here is over the years or generations things have moved from we've went from the cassette tapes we've went from DVDs we've went from maybe beepers and things of that nature to streaming that would be considered a everyday paradigm shift how now we consume media praise the Lord also how we communicate. Amen. We've gone from landlines to smartphones. Amen. That would be the everyday paradigm shift. And I think it's important that as we gather this thought that we we understand that anything that happens in the natural is a type of the spiritual. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And if the world around us has experienced such a shift in the way it does things, in the way it consumes information, then how much more the bride The prophet of God says, "We're not living in the age uh uh according to this world where they're they're they're uh they're riding vehicles or in the buggy, but it's the astronaut age." Amen. Which means there's things that this world is tapping into that they've never been tap they never tapped into before. Praise the Lord. But I believe the bride of Jesus Christ has tapped on resources this morning. Untapped resources. Praise God. where we can go from uh not not just uh not just uh uh uh being able to believe what man is saying or believe what a creed or dogma is saying, but that we can check ourselves and realize that we have a true connection with God. Praise the Lord. When we think about the transition from uh a DVD play or VCR to to streaming, it's all about connection. Amen. Amen. And and how much more is our connection with God in this hour? Praise the Lord. And what I like about streaming is if your connection is not right, you're going to have you're not going to be able to see what you're looking at the right way. You'll have blurry vision. Amen. You you you you might you might have a delay with what you're looking at. Praise the Lord. But when you have the right connection, you have high definition. Praise God. You have ultra 4K. Amen. And I just believe when we have the right connection with God, we can step into the vision. Praise the Lord. We can see tomorrow's news today. Amen. We don't have to wait for the millennium, but we can experience the earnest of our of our down payment in this side of eternity. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We'll we'll go ahead and just touch base on a few believers in the Bible that went through this shift. And we want to touch base on a man that seemed like everything around him was was just unfair. But God was using his circumstance to bless him abundantly. Praise the Lord. He didn't just experience a paradigm shift, but he experienced a purging as well. Praise the Lord. And and this is none other than Job. So we'll turn here in Job 19. Praise the Lord. And just before that, we'll read this this quote from the prophet from the message. I know. The prophet of God says, "And then um Job wondered this. It's a strange thing that I'm here uh walking around a higher life than what the animal is and a higher life than the plant life. But yet we find that if a tree dies, it'll live again. If a flower dies, it'll live again. But he says, "Man layth down, he giveth up the ghost. And where is he? His sons come to mourn over him and to do honor and perceives it not." And he was wondering what was the matter that God would let life like that live again such as flowers and plants but a man could not live again. All this had him troubled. Praise the Lord. And no doubt Job was surrounded by doubt. He was surrounded by discouragement. Praise the Lord. Every side looked like it was challenging. Job lost everything in one season of his life. Praise the Lord. Uh but but Job was being purged for something. Amen. He Job was experiencing a a paradigm shift. Amen. Because at some point Job got to the ground and he he looked around him and when he didn't see life anywhere, he came to one conclusion. He says, "I know that my redeemer liveth." Praise the Lord. And I think sometimes no matter what life circumstances deals in our in our in our lives, Amen. And when we get to a place when we know, amen, it changes the situation. Praise God. It changes the outcome. It changes our joy. It changes our peace. It changes our mindset because we know. Amen. And when you know, you're not trying to believe it. You're not trying to understand it. It's something that's been settled. Amen. And Job had a settled revelation that regardless of what would happen to his body regardless of what would happen to uh to to to his family. He saw he saw um he saw resurrection day. Praise the Lord. He saw his future. Amen. If I could say it like that, his future could not contain his past. Praise God. His future could not contain his present state. Praise God. Because God had something better for him. Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; So the prophet of uh so the so the scripture says in Job 19, actually we'll just turn to Job 41. Praise the Lord. I'm sorry. Job 42. Praise God. And it says here that in verse 9, we'll start there. It says, "So Elephaz, the the Timmonite and Bilad, the shoe the Shuhite and Zofar the Na na Namothite went and did according as the Lord commanded them. Uh the Lord also accepted Job. And the Lord turned the captivity of Job when he prayed for his friends. Also the Lord gave Job twice as much as he had before. There came unto him all his brethren and all his sisters, and all they that had been uh of his acquaintance before, and did eat bread with him in his house. And they bemoaned him, and comforted him all over the evil that the Lord had brought upon him. Every man also gave him a piece of money and everyone an earring of gold. So the Lord blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning. For he had 14,000 sheep and 6,000 camels and thousand yoke of oxen and a thousand she assasses. He had also seven sons and three daughters. Praise the Lord. And here we can see that uh God allowed Job to experience a full and total restoration of all the things that he went through. Praise God. And it shows that our purging is part of God's plans in our lives. Amen. God uh did not allow Job to kn to lose not one thing. Praise the Lord. So I just thank God that I just thank God that he can allow us to go through certain things in our lives that no matter what it is, Amen. better is coming. Amen. Something better is on its way. Praise the Lord. The prophet of God says in the message, the approach to God, he says, "If you're really born again," get it now? If you're really born again, there's nothing can separate you from God. That's right. Neither starvation, perils, trials, suffering, death, nothing can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. You say, "Well, I started to be a Christian one time. Everything began going this way and that way, and I thought my my I was better off the other way." You never did come to God, brother. If you really come to God and got a taste of the heavenly gifts of God, partakers of his divine nature. Why? You could no more be a sinner again. Unbeliever, then a stalk of corn could become a cocker bird. That's right. It's your nature. You're made up. You've come to uh you've got to come the right approach. You have to come your own approach. You come God's provided approach one time and see what happens. Yes, Job was taking his children through uh and the only provided approach there was was the burnt offering and now here's a little thing I want you to notice. After all the turmoil and everything was over and then God had taken all of his sheep and his cattle and his horses. Then an end of his chastisement or purging, God doubled him. If he had 10,000 cattle, God gave him 20,000 cattle. See, it was, isn't that marvelous? God purged Joel for the purpose to bless him. Say, "Brother Brandham, I'm a Christian and I got sickness now. I wonder why it come." God may be purging you, give you some trials, make you draw a little closer to him, pray a while, then heal you, then you can have a testimony. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And I just believe that God desires to heal you. If you're in that situation this morning where you are in the midst of a trial, God wants to give you what you're in need of more than you want it for yourself. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Uh uh uh uh God God is not trying to uh keep anything from you, but he wants you to be in the right mindset. He wants you to be in the right channel. He wants you to be aligned with his po with his word. Praise the Lord. Another man that experienced a paradigm shift in his life is Jacob. Praise the Lord. And and Jacob, as uh our brother said this morning, uh he was a representation of grace. Amen. Uh because Jacob, if it had not been for the grace of God, we can say where where would he be? Praise the Lord. Uh but God had to change his entire makeup. Amen. Uh but Job, Jacob had something on on on the inside of him that had a thirst and a desire. Amen. No matter how and where he was, he always found himself wanting what God had promised. Amen. And I just believe that when we can get ourselves in a place where we want and desire the promises of God in our lives, amen, and something will change. Amen. Something will happen. Something will be manifested. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, one time as uh Jacob is coming back from uh his uh his father-in-law and going back to his homeland, uh this is Genesis 32:24. The Bible says Jacob was left alone, and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh, and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint. and he wrestled with him and he says, "Let me go for the day breakth." And I just could imagine that they've been wrestling this whole night. &gt;&gt; And and and at at some point it it's it's it's getting it's about to be sunrise. And and Jacob is like, I am not going to let you go until I experience a change. Amen. I will not leave this place until something takes place. Jo Jacob had a paradigm shift in his mind. But see, when you have the right mental attitude, the prophet of God says, "Every promise of God shall come to pass." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it goes on to say that uh he says, "I will not let thee go except thou bless me." And he said unto him, "What is thy name?" And he said, "Jacob." And he says, "Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel. For as a prince has thou power with God and with man, and has prevailed. You see, Jacob had no idea what he was getting ready to step into. Praise the Lord. But when this happened, if I could say this, Jacob caught a wave. Praise the Lord. Um and and and brother Jack often mentions this. In Florida, we see a lot of waves in the oceans. Amen. And when you when a wave comes, you have to get on it before it leaves. Praise the Lord. because it might not come again or you might have to wait for a while. But Jacob caught a wave. Praise the Lord. And it wasn't like uh it wasn't like a wave that would not come again. It was a wave that would abide. Praise the Lord. It would a wave that can give power. A wave that can give strength. A wave that can bring change and transformation. Praise the Lord. If I can say uh their wave is not like our wave the Lord. Because we have a wave on the inside that changes from eternity to eternity. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's it's a wave that no matter what the situation is, it cannot be defeated. Amen. The gates of hell cannot prevail. Praise the Lord. And Jacob wrestled all night and he left with his blessing. &gt;&gt; And maybe you've been wrestling all year. Maybe you've been wrestling with a certain thing. Maybe it's been several years, Lord. Uh uh maybe it hasn't been just 2025. Maybe it's 2024. Maybe it goes back to 2020. Maybe it goes back to since co I don't know when uh uh uh your wave or or your your your wrestle started. But praise God, we are in the season of restoration. Amen. And I want to encourage you that God don't have to restore that you lost it. Amen. Because if God restores it, he can restore it all in one season. He can restore it all in one day. Praise the Lord. So I encourage you saints to jump on the wave of God. Praise the Lord. And expect and receive what he has for you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Another thing I want to mention about Jacob is he experienced grace in the midst of his purging. When you're being purged, sometimes it feels like it's the end or sometimes you wonder why you. Praise the Lord. But that's when grace steps in. Amen. Because God always wants you to draw a little closer to him. Amen. God wants to have a sweet fellowship with you. Amen. He the relationship with the Christian journey is all based on our connection and relationship with God. How well we can please God in all of our doings. Amen. The prophet of God says in message questions and answers he says what you are this is paragraph 78. He says what you are that I said in the beginning what you are somewhere else is what you reflect here. What you are what your celestial or terrestrial body is up yonder. What your celestial body is somewhere else is what you're reflecting back here in the spirit land. what you are, what you are here. If you're still uh verbal minded or so forth in the spirit land or you're vogalminded here, if you still have malice, envy, strife, you're in the spirit land with that. It reflects back here. But if your whole innermost being has become cleansed, purged, it shows that you've got a body out yonder waiting that's been cleansed and purged and it's reacting back in the flesh. Don't you see? There it is. If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. Praise the Lord. And it's why while we're on this earthly journey, praise God. The Bible says in Matthew 6 verse 9, "Lay up not for yourselves treasures upon the earth." Amen. Where moth and rust dove corrupt. says, "Where thieves break in and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moths nor rust corrupt, where thieves uh do not break through uh or steal." Praise the Lord. For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. So, we have something out yonder that reflects perfection, that reflects a a finished work. Praise the Lord. So we can rejoice knowing that no matter what we're going through, we're a reflection of what is already with God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Another paradigm shift in the Bible, we'll find this in Matthew chapter 8 verse 28. You see, sometimes when we're going through certain things, uh, we forget who we are. Amen. And sometimes we forget that the weakest of Christians, the uh the prophet says, amen, will will make the the kingdom of hell tremble. Praise the Lord. So when you have recognized who you are and what your dwelling is, you'll realize that the enemy, the devil, is not your trial. Amen. You'll understand that you are his trial. Praise the Lord. And when you are his trial, at your command, he's bound. Amen. He's obligated to obey whatever you say. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And I just like this here in verse 28, Matthew 8, it says, "And when he was come to the other side into the country of Gurgens, there met him two possessed with devils coming out of the tombs exceeding fears, so that no man might pass that way." I mean, this was a a a area I could say that was on lockdown by devils. Amen. No man went near that area because they understand these two men were possessed with devils. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham even shared a story one time about how this man being possessed with devil, how much power he had. Amen. But verse 29 said, "And behold, they cried out, saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou son of God, of thou come hither to torment us before the time?" Amen. When they saw Jesus, immediately they were frightened. Immediately they understand what this meant. &gt;&gt; They understand that, "Wait a minute. We're about to change atmospheres here." Amen. We're about to go from a place of dominion to a place of torment. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; And verse 32, it says, "And he said unto them, Jesus spoke one word. He said, "Go." And at his command, the scene had to change. The devils had to flee. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And I just wonder what can happen if you speak one word to the devil. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I just wonder what can happen if you speak one word to your situation. I wonder what can happen if you speak one word to your to your condition this morning to your to whatever it is you're going through. If Jesus spoke go praise the Lord. It means the devil has to obey. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And and it's not just your condition maybe physically. It could be your condition financially. If you got debt this morning, you can say go. Praise the Lord. If you got a family member that's not where they need to be, you can say go. Praise the Lord. God has given you that command. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Where the devils can be can have a trial because of who you are. Amen. They knew who they were in the presence of. Praise the Lord. We all need a paradigm shift because it takes having the right mental attitude towards the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. The prophet of God says here in the message at thy word. Praise the Lord. He says now he promised that he will do these things sending signs and wonders. And now God has made that known to the people. If you can get the vision of it and will believe it, it will be yours tonight, this morning. No doubt about it. If Christ himself was wearing my suit in my shoes, he was standing here and you had um you would go away from here just as sick as you are now. He cannot save you against your own will. He cannot heal you against your own will. You must believe that he is and a rewarder of those who diligently seek him. Amen. Just want to say healing is not the will of God changing because God's will is for you to be healed. God's will is for you to have salvation. Praise the Lord. But is your faith aligned with the word of God? &gt;&gt; Is your faith aligned with the perfect will of God? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. In Deuteronomy chapter 2, we'll jump here for a moment. We'll read just a few verses here because I think sometimes as we face different things in our in our lives, go through certain seasons, um God always has a point where he allows us to experience a breakthrough. He always has a point where he allows us to find that way of escape. Praise the Lord. Uh you see, there's not many ways of escapes. There's only one way of escape. Amen. And we need to find exactly where it is. It says that then we turned and took our journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red Sea as the Lord spake unto me and we compassed Mount Seir many days. Amen. And it goes on to say verse two, and the Lord spake unto me, saying, Ye have compassed this mountain long enough. Turn you northward. Praise the Lord. And I just want to encourage you with that thought this morning that maybe you have come past a mountain for a very long time. Praise the Lord. But you don't have to take that mountain with you in 2026. Amen. You don't even have to take that mountain with you out that door. Praise the Lord. You can leave it right here. Amen. Whatever that mountain looks like, praise the Lord. It shall become low. Amen. The children of Israel's journey through the scriptures, we saw they had a lot of ups and downs, but it was never about a geographical location. Amen. It was always about them finding their identity, knowing who they was and the God that stood behind them. Praise the Lord. There is a God that stands behind you this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, we want to talk about what I would say is the paradigm shift. There's many paradigm shifts. There's many things that we experience in our lives that that that brings about a shift. Praise the Lord. But there's a greater shift that we're under expectation for. Praise the Lord. And we'll we'll we'll we we're'll turn into First Corinthians chapter 15. But that shift is none other than a body change. Praise the Lord. It's none other than the rapture. And I believe we're in that season, saints, where it's not about making preparations, but it's about being ready, being prepared, being in the right spirit, being in the right channel, being in a place where uh uh uh uh there's no more weights in our way, but every every unclean thing is put aside. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; The Bible says, "Behold, I show you a mystery." This is verse 51. says, "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump. For the trump shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed." And here's the paradigm shift. It says, "This corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality." Amen. So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption and this mortal have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass, saying that is written, death is swallowed up in victory. And saints, I if if if we can look at ourselves, amen, we will and shall be changed. Amen. We are this is the generation that shall see the rapture. Praise the Lord. And that that has already begun. Amen. We're we're we're not waiting for it. We're in the midst of it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And we we this caus us to shift our attention and mindset so that we're under expectation for what God has in store for us. Uh can you imagine waking up one day and and and seeing um one of them older saints that you have never seen before? Praise the Lord. Uh something in you will have to change. Praise the Lord. you you you'll have to find yourself uh looking back at the word but also realizing that something is in something is in action. God is manifesting his word. Praise the Lord. The Bible says in 1 John chapter 3 verse two says, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, and we shall see him as he is." Praise the Lord. We'll turn to Philippians chapter 3 verse 20 says for our conversation is in heaven from whence also we look for the savior the Lord Jesus Christ who shall change our vile body that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself. Praise the Lord. So, we are uh uh we're getting closer, amen, to a body change. And and it starts with h our minds um being and taking on the mind of Christ in this hour. Amen. Being in the same channel, being in the same uh uh element of the word of God. Another one that in the scripture, Amen. uh that that when we talk about the rapture that experience this was the first occurrence of it in the word and uh the Bible picks this up in Genesis 5 speaking about Enoch. It says Enoch walked with God and he was not for God took him. Amen. And obviously we know um how Paul speaks about Enoch, how Enoch had this testimony of pleasing God. Praise the Lord. And I I just think that uh prophet of God says Enoch was a type of the bride. Praise the Lord. As being the seventh from Adam, Amen. And we're in the seventh church age. Praise the Lord. Uh and and we can expect there to be a change at any day, any time. Amen. For there to be a body change. Praise the Lord. I know we're pressed for time, so we'll talk a few things here. just on purging for a moment here. Now, the purpose of purging is to clear the believer from guilt. Amen. Uh when you're being purged, uh you're being dealt with to make you uh clear of whatever you may be feeling bad about. Amen. Uh maybe uh you've done something that you ought not have to have done. Praise God. Or maybe you experienced something you just didn't understand. But it's to clear you of guilt. is to also free you of defilement. Praise the Lord. And it's to ultimately make make you free of something that's unwanted. Praise the Lord. Another uh definition here of purging, it eliminates excess. Praise the Lord. So God, when when you're experiencing that season of purging in your life, it's not God punishing you for destruction. It's not God uh uh uh looking down on you, but it's God trying to build you up. Is God taking through the process of purification? Amen. In John chapter 15 verse two, it says, "Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away, and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit." And I just love how the Bible says that every branch that God purges is uh is so that it can bring forth more fruit. Praise the Lord. That just tells me that as you're going through the season of purging, God does not purge what he doesn't plan to use. Amen. He purges what he wants to multiply. He purges what he wants to bless. Amen. He purges what he wants to use. Praise God. So if you're going through that season, amen, God is not done with you yet. Praise the Lord. The purging ultimately redirects our consciousness and it it positions us to a state of perfection in Christ Jesus. Hebrews chapter 10 verse one says, "For the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of things can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers there unto perfect. For then what they have not ceased to be offered because the worshippers once purged should have no more conscious of sin." Praise the Lord. And uh prophet of God says in the law having a shadow in paragraph 162 he says the worshipper once purged how does it do when life of when the life of the sacrifice comes back to the worshipper then it's meekness patience gentleness longsuffering goodness faith see what I mean now what did we uh Methodists do we wanted to shout and get it what did we Pentecost want to do we wanted to speak in tongues and get it but that's not it That's not the fruit of the spirit. The fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, patience, meekness. There's not one visible evidence of it. Not one fleshly. It's all the supernatural realm. That's right. It's the hidden force that's in you. The life of Jesus Christ coming back on you, the worshipper. Amen. So, when we're being purged, we're also we're uh the purging is also taking away our nature and conscious of sin. Amen. where that old man is going down and and and no longer to be to to to have life again. Praise the Lord. So when we uh experience different things in life, we can look at the word. Praise God. Because the word is our reflection. The word is the mirror of our lives. It's how we can identify the spirit man and who we truly are. God did not predestinate your flesh. He predestinated your spirit. Praise the Lord. So when God quickens the word to you, it's your soul responding to where you come from. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. A purging can be a lot of things. Uh but as we go through different things, um we thank God for his purging. Because you know, Joseph was was purged. He was sold to uh to to prison by his brothers. Uh but in the midst of all of that, Joseph went through, he found himself in a position of dominion. He found himself in a position of authority. Praise the Lord. And it wasn't so much his choice, but God had a plan for him. And when his father died, his brothers came before him and said uh tried to plead before Joseph. Amen. and said, "Our father wanted you to wanted us to let you know to forgive us because of what we've done." But Joseph looked at his brothers and says, "No, you guys have it all wrong. What God uh what what you meant for evil or what you meant to harm me, God used it for good. God used it to preserve life. Praise the Lord." So Jo uh uh Joseph understood that the Persian was only God's plan to preserve life. Amen. And and I just believe God has always has a way of bringing everything back to its original state. Praise the Lord. And I just want to share a testimony. um my work uh yesterday I had a uh I opportunity I guess I can say I spent nearly uh just with the different patients that I was with I had the opportunity to spend the whole day uh in the in a Jewish synagogue and um not only did I spend the whole not not the whole day in a Jewish synagogue but I I spent the whole day with with Jewish with Jewish family and I got to see a lot of their Jewish customs and they were very welcome. welcome welcoming to invite me to partake and and and in and their different customs as well. And but what strike me was in the synagogue they actually touched base on this story of Joseph and his brothers and they were talking about how Joseph's brothers was asking for forgiveness and how Joseph was recognized by his brothers and vice versa. And then it strike me as I was sitting there that God would allow the Jews to experience a shift. Amen. That we as Gentiles might experience a shift. Praise the Lord. And I realized that they were blind in that moment, not even realizing that they were they were ministering about themselves. Amen. But failed to see it. And God would blind them because God saw you. Amen. God was intentional about you. Praise the Lord. God knew that in this hour, in this generation, he would have a people that he would call by his name that would bear the very name of Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. You ought to give him praise for that, saints. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, another thing I want to point out about the purging is the purging is God's process of removing what cannot go where you're going. Praise the Lord. So, God is taking you somewhere. Praise God. And in order for God to take you where you're going, there's certain things that cannot go where you're going, that needs to be purged, that needs to be left behind. Praise the Lord. And if I can say, sickness needs to be left behind. Amen. A a a depression needs to be left behind. Amen. Anxiety needs to be left behind. Amen. Poverty needs to be left behind. Praise the Lord. Because God is taking you somewhere for him to show you great and mighty things. In Philippians 4:8, it says, "Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whosoever or whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue and if there be any praise, think on these things." And as I come to a close, saints, I just encourage you to think on these things this morning. Praise the Lord. Understand the blessing and the purging. Amen. Understand that God is taking you through a change to uh give you more than what you've ever had before. Praise the Lord. The prophet of God says this in the message Hebrews chapter 6 verse 599. He says, "You'll make mistakes. You'll fall. You'lly do wrong. You'll go out sometime and do things. That don't mean that you're lost. That means you're going to get correction. Says, "My little boy, a lot of times, my children will do things." He says, "They know that's against your rules and they know what to expect when they do it. They're going to get a whipping for it. Sometimes a good one, but it's still your child. Certainly, it's impossible for that man to ever be born again and and that's once been born of eternal life. Um, God is not an Indian giver." Amen. He he had uh he he that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life and shall never come to the judgment. And I just like to reiterate what the prophet just said. God is not an Indian giver. Amen. God cannot save you just to lose you. God cannot heal you just for you to not have healing within your possession. Amen. Whatever God does for you is supposed to stick with you. Praise God. Because you serve a God that changes not. Amen. The prophet of God goes on to say that uh um it's uh it's it's God's promise. Now, if you go on and say, "Oh, well then I can do it. I always do what I want to do." But if you're a Christian, you don't want to do the thing that's wrong because the very life in you, the very foundation. If you want to do wrong, it shows the wrong thing is in there. How can bitter and sweet water come from the same fountain? Amen. So it it's a moment to realize that God has something greater for uh in store for us. Amen. And and and and when we understand that God has given us all of his his authority, his word that we can enforce in our lives, praise God, um the purging is a moment for God to correct us. Amen. The prophet of God says a a illegitimate child cannot stand a purge. Amen. A bastard child cannot stand a Persian. But when you a true seed of God, you will stand the test. Amen. And if you don't pass the test, you're going to repeat that test until you overcome it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Deuteronomy 7:7 says, "The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you because ye were more in number than any people. For ye were the fewest of all people. But because the Lord loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the Lord brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondman from the hand of Pharaoh, king of Egypt. Know therefore that the Lord thy God, he is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy, and with them and love them that keep his commandment to a thousand generation. Praise the Lord. And I love that because God did not choose us based on anything that we did. His choose his choosing in our lives was unconditional, which makes his love towards us unconditional. Right. Right. So we can approach God boldly knowing that everything that he has for us is ours and we can receive it. Praise the Lord. And um last thing I want to just touch base on. I remember I was having a conversation with a brother last uh believe it was last Sunday maybe or the Sunday before that and we were just talking about a few things and he brought this to me and uh I I had to really think about it and I forgot about it. And then as I was studying my uh my my my notes, it came back. I was like, "Wow, did that brother really say that?" But the brother said that he read something that uh if they took all the money in the world and distributed equally among the people, uh after a while, the money will go back to their original owners. Amen. And I just said, "Wow, that's that's pretty that's pretty astonished." Uh but it made me look at it from a spiritual perspective because see salvation was distributed in the world equally. Healing was distributed in the world equally. Amen. Peace was distributed in the world equally. Amen. But after a while it has to go back to its original owner. Amen. Which means God has a cycle. God has a system and that system is his word. Praise the Lord. And that means you are the owner of peace. You are the owner of riches. You are the owner of healing. You are the owner of salvation. Why? Because it belongs to you. Praise the Lord. Everything that God died for belongs to you. There might be some in the world that no longer has it because they've rejected it. But you've accepted it this morning. Amen. It belongs to you. &gt;&gt; And if it belongs to you, I encourage you to take it with you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Take healing with you. Praise the Lord. Take riches with you. Amen. Take the mind of Christ with you because it belongs to you. God richly bless you. Oh heavenly father God, we thank you for your grace, Lord. Oh father, you are still the God that is rich in mercy. And oh God, how you would visit us, Lord, in this final service, Father, one more time to remind us, Lord, Father, of who we are in this hour. Oh God, to shift our mind to understand what you already given us, Lord. Lord, it says, I wish that you prosper and help as your soul prospers, Father. And God, we don't want to take your word, Lord, as as a snack. But Lord, we want to we want to swallow up your word, Father, as it's said in the word, God. We want to take all that belongs to us, Father. We don't want to live not one ounce below our privileges, Father. And God, we know and believe, Lord, that what you have for us in this hour is what will carry us through. No matter the season, Lord, no matter the year, Father, no matter the situation, Father, you are the God that can still do the unimaginable. Father, you are the God that can do the abundantly, exceedingly, above all that we can ask or think. And God, not only do we know it, Lord, but we are expecting it, Father. And God, we just believe in Lord and in and in in in this junction of the year, Father, as the world may be preparing for more sorrows, the world may be preparing for more of doubt, for more sickness, for more diseases. Oh Lord, we're preparing for more healing. We're preparing for more testimonies, Lord. We're preparing for more victory, Lord. We're preparing for more abundance, Lord. We're preparing for more preparation, uh for more restoration, Father God. Oh Lord, all these things God are our expectation this this hour Lord. And Father, we thank you, God, that you have fulfilled your word to us one more time. God, Lord, help us, Lord, to to really set our hearts, Father, on what you have set before us, Lord. That is the rapture, Father God, to know, Lord, that we'll leave this this this garbage can, Lord. We'll leave this whole stompyard, Father, and we'll go on to glory, oh Lord. Oh, Father, where this won't even be a thought in our minds, Father God, but we'll rejoice you, oh Lord. We'll we'll we'll praise you, Father. Oh, God, we thank you, Lord. We pray your blessings upon your people, Father. Oh, Lord, may their going out be just as good and even better than they're coming in, Lord. Oh, Father, I pray you'll keep each one, Father. And may you fulfill your word as you have promised. We thank you now in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. God richly bless you saints. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. How many appreciated the message? My Lord. Amen. Brother Jerry says some mighty mighty good things. He said something in the beginning that you know I I I still been in a little writing mode. He said your identity will determine your expectation. And that was something that you know I I had been studying. Who you believe that you are that's what you're going to manifest. That's what you're going you're going to attract. Like the scripture says, "As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he." So if you keep saying, "I am sick." You're going to be sick. You keep confessing that you're poor, you're going to remain poor. And I believe that was one reason the angel of the Lord told Brother, "If you can get the people to believe Nothing will stand before your prayer, not even what you think about and what you think about yourself, that's who you are. I believe that was one reason I went the direction that I went this morning because I've been I've been studying on those things and brother Jerry went right down that aisle. We got to change the way that we think and what we're thinking about. Because when we change what we're thinking, we're changing what we're confessing. Brother Brandham said, "If you're a Christian, you say that you are not a Christian, you won't be a Christian. You say that you are a drunk, you're going to be a drunk. It's going to come to pass because you're going to manifest what you speak because that's truly what you believe. You got to change what you say about yourself. Sometimes you got to talk to yourself and say, "Yeah, I'm a believer. I'm full of wisdom. I'm full of abundance. I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. I'm powerful. That's who Jesus Christ made me. That's what I'm going I'm going to have dominion. I'm a king. I'm a priest." You got to confess it. Why should there come a paradigm shift in your life? Things begin to change. The atmosphere changes. You change all because what you said. Amen. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give you peace. Come on, let's say that part again. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give you peace. Come on, help me say. Say say amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Say amen. Amen. Amen. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and your children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He is with you in the morning, in the evening, in your coming, in your going, in your weeping and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. Amen. Amen. Say amen. HALLELUJAH. IT MEANS SO BE IT. AMEN. AMEN. AMEN. Say amen. Amen. Amen. AMEN. AMEN. AMEN. AMEN. AMEN. AMEN. HALLELUJAH. Praise the Lord. Let's give our God a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Lord is so good to us. So, we want to make preparations. So, we're going to sing this little song as a declaration this morning. Come on. Makes no what you're going through. You're going to make it. God's going to see you through. Hold your head up. Put a smile on your face. THIS IS ANOTHER TEST. IT WON'T LAST ALWAYS. So get ready. &gt;&gt; Get ready &gt;&gt; for your blessing. &gt;&gt; GET READY. &gt;&gt; GET READY &gt;&gt; FOR YOUR MIRACLE. Get ready. &gt;&gt; Get ready &gt;&gt; for your blessing. GET READY &gt;&gt; FOR YOUR MIRACLE. I know you've been hurting deep down inside. Let me encourage you. It's going to be all right. TROUBLES AND TRIALS COME TO MAKE YOU STRONG. KEEP on believing. YOU KEEP HOLDING ON. SO GET READY. FOR YOUR BLESSING. GET READY FOR your miracle. Get ready for your blessing. GET READY for your miracle. God's got a blessing. Oh, God's got a blessing. Oh my. God's got a blessing. Yeah. God's got a blessing. Come on. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. God's got a blessing. WITH MY NAME ON IT. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. WITH MY NAME ON IT. MY NAME IS ON IT. MY NAME IS ON IT. MY NAME IS on it. My name is on it. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING WITH MY NAME ON IT. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING. GOD'S GOT A BLESSING WITH MY name on it. Hallelujah. Let's give our God a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. May you go out of here blessed beyond measure. Amen. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Almighty God, we thank you, Lord God, for the word that you spoke to us this morning. We're grateful for your servant getting himself out of the way, Lord God, that you can speak to him through through him to us, Lord Jesus. We're so grateful, Lord Jesus. And Father, we have come to the realization, Lord God, that we are blessed in highly favor, Lord. We are the head and not the tail, Lord. We are the lender and not the borrower. We are sons and daughters of the king, Lord. And as brother Brandham would tell the story of the African brother that came with the slaves, Lord, he was the only one with his head head up, Lord. They didn't have to beat him, Lord. He was right at it, Lord. And they wanted to know why he conducted himself like that. And it was because they found out he was the son of the king. Father, as we walk through the Lelay Oysian age, Lord, where the world is at, Lord Jesus, we know that we are sons and daughters of the king. May we conduct ourselves like that. May our speech, Lord, be that of royalty, Lord Jesus. Speaking the word of God, Lord, taking our dominion over Satan and all of his imps, Lord Jesus. Over sickness, Lord God. Oh Lord, over death, Lord, over over whatever stands before us, Lord, we is under our feet, Lord, because you are the victorious one. You are our great victor, Lord Jesus. And Father, as we leave this place, Lord, I pray, Lord God, that you'll be with your children, Lord. May they think on these things, Lord. And Father, may they speak your divine word. Go before them, Lord. Bless everything they put their hands to, Lord. Oh Lord, bless them in their health, Lord. Bless them in their family life, Lord God. Bless them in their spiritual walk with you, Lord. Bless them in their finances, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, may they tap into the untapped resources, Lord God, and pull out of you the things that they have need of, Lord. Father, be with your children, Lord. Be with Brother Timothy and Sister Rahab as they go back home or traveling if they're on vacation. Bless them abundantly. May they have a wonderful time and give them rest to their bodies. Lord, be with our pastor and all those that's traveling back with them, all our brothers and sisters that are traveling back. Lord, may your grace be with each one. And as we prepare to leave this place, but not your presence, be with your children. Go before each one. May we all go to our respective homes safely, Lord, and come back at the appointed time, Lord. We love you. We praise you. We thank you. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You all may have your seats. Sister, God bless you. It's good to have you in the house of the Lord uh this morning. I didn't get a chance to get your name, but it's good to have you in the house of the Lord this morning. God bless you.
