################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-17 - Though the Oceans May Roar - Bro Mark Cosby (09-17-2025) - Mark Cosby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-17
Title:    Though the Oceans May Roar - Bro Mark Cosby (09-17-2025)
Speaker:  Mark Cosby
Church:   Spirit and Truth Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTp5B59uGt0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hallelujah. I can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. All my shame guilt. [Music] S forgiven. No more chains. [Music] Fear. [Music] My past is over. It's over. Right now, th now is the and today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come. And I want [Music] me by. So I won't I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed me. No, I won't. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. Say, I won't go back. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. [Applause] Amen. Amen. I was uh I was reminded this week of uh the back part of my testimony that I wasn't privy to. Um I had to be told, but I thank God that he had a plan before I arrived. He he he knew where I would be even if I didn't. So, thank God for predestination. &gt;&gt; So, I just I'll just ask you to bow your heads. We're going to say a prayer over the service. Um, dear heavenly father, Lord God, thank you Lord God for just just being a God of grace and mercy. No matter where we've been, Lord God, we're here today. We're not who we should be in this moment, Lord God, but we not who we used to be, Lord God. Lord God, thank you for just keeping your hands over us, Lord, protecting us, Lord, from things we don't even know, Lord God. We're not even aware of, Jesus. We take so many things for granted, Lord God. We just want to take this moment and tell you, Lord God, we can never thank you enough, heavenly father. Lord, we just ask, Lord, that that your word come forth, Lord, in and in in today, Lord God. Use our brother, Lord God. Lord, let him get itself out of the way, Lord God, to be used by you, Lord, so we can hear from our favorite preacher, the Holy Ghost. Lord God, bless our pastor as he comes up, Lord God, and just talk to us before brother come minister to our hearts. Lord God, we want to give you the honor, the glory, and everything in between. Heavenly Father, just thank you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. I give myself away. I do. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I do. I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, here I am and here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. So I give myself away. I do. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. And here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands. And Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. So I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Hallelujah. Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. My life is not my own. My life is not my own. To you I belong. Oh, I give myself I give myself to you. Oh, my life is not my own. It's to you I belong. Lord, I give myself give myself to you. One more time. My life is not my own. My life is not my own to you. I belong and I give myself give myself to you. Give myself away. I give myself away. Hey, I give myself away so you can use me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. um wanted to um just um uh ask for your your prayers. We have a another relative that's um going through. Amen. At this time and just trusting and we know that God is a miracle worker and and he's going to need a miracle. Um but we just want to just take my my uncle Henry, amen, before the Lord in prayer. Uh, brother Mark is going to come and speak for us tonight, but just want to have a a prayer for my uncle. Amen. Before brother Mark uh would come. Amen. Let's just bow our our heads. Father, we come in the name of Jesus. Uh we come to a miracle working God. Uh we've seen you do it uh before. And God, no matter what the situation is, it's not impossible. Uh for all things are possible to those that believe and and Lord, we are believers. So the the only thing we know to do is to pray and to seek our God. Uh we ask that you just intervene. You see my uncle in his condition and situation that he's in. And he needs a touch from you, Lord. Doctors uh can't do it. The nurses can't do it, but you can. So Father, we just trust you and ask that you move by your spirit uh upon his need. look upon this family uh Lord as they're just kind of enduring this time. Uh strengthen their faith Lord just to hold on to you. Uh Father, for we know that you have all things under control. It's in Jesus name that we pray. Amen. Amen. As brother Mark would come tonight, amen, to share the gospel with us, we'll continue to sing that song, Give Myself Away. Amen. We want to welcome him uh to the pull pit tonight. Amen. Give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. My life is not bone. My life is not my own. Oh, to you [Music] &gt;&gt; and I give myself [Music] &gt;&gt; I Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you tonight. Who's happen to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Musicians, you can take your seats if you'd like. Um, let us bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear gracious heavenly father, we just thank you, Lord, for the desire just to be here in your house, in your presence, Lord. Lord, you've carried us through, Lord, this midweek, Lord. And we know we're here because of your grace and your mercy, Lord. Father, we're here just to hear even as one word from you. Lord, may you transform us and change us by your word. Lord, your word is the only word uh word in this entire world that can change and transform and change situations, Lord, and do so many things that we can't even imagine that it can do. Father, Lord, may you just be with us as you're always with us, Lord. May you bless any of those who are coming on their way here, Lord. May you help us to receive what you have for us tonight, Lord. And may you move me, plum out the way. May the people just hear from you and you alone. We ask all these things in the most precious holy name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. If we um want to turn our Bibles to Psalms 46. Let me set my timer as well. Say amen when you get there. All right. So it says, "God is our refuge in strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will we not fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters therefore roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Salah, there is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most high. God is in the midst of her. She shall not be moved. God shall help her that right and early. The heathen raged and the kingdoms were moved. He uttered his voice, the earth melted. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Shalah. Come behold the works of the Lord. What desolations he hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth. He breakth the bow and cutth the spear and a sunder. He burneth a chariot in the fire. Be still and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the heathen. I'll be exalted in the earth. The Lord of hosts is with us, the God of Jacob is our refuge. Shalah. You may be seated. So, the the title of this sermon is though the oceans may roar. So, I was going to Michigan a couple weeks ago. So, I was listening to uh sister Rebecca's song and uh that that that word when she said though the oceans may roar this struck me and the Lord began to give me inspiration and this is how this sermon uh came to birth because of that. So that that um I'll definitely say that uh the two albums that have been released sister uh Rebecca's and brother Jack have been a real blessing to me uh strength giving. I I just love, you know, because sometimes we listen to, you know, songs, uh, Maverick City and all them, you don't know exactly what their life is, &gt;&gt; but when you know the individuals personally, you know, their life, so you can have confidence that that that that they're they're uh living a life compar compared to, you know, the other uh we could say the other music out there. So, um, I looked up the word uh roar. So, it means to cause a loud continued sound. We may uh we say the sea or the winds roar, a company roar and acclamation. So I just think that uh in the season of restoration and overflow, the enemy is going to try to make the oceans roar. He's going to try to get get you to get your eyes off of um the season of restoration and overflow. He's going to put things in your life that it's going to cause uh surprise, heartaches, whatever it may be, because he doesn't want to see you get in the channel of restoration, overflow, because he knows when you get in that channel, he's going to be defeated. So, that's why we have to keep our when the oceans are roared, we know that we're in the will of God because he even said in uh Peter, I'm getting ahead of myself. Don't think it strange about these fiery trials that they're come for a reason. They're come to perfect you because God is calling us to perfection in this day and age. And restoration is going to help us get to that perfection in our life because when when when Jesus died on the cross, he saw us in a perfect image. So God is trying to get us to that perfect image trial after trial, step by step. And so we don't have to worry because we know that the God of the the God of hosts is with us. &gt;&gt; All right. So I I want to as I was reading this scripture, some things uh really point out to me. So the first thing we see is therefore will not we fear. So I love that the confidence right there. Though the earth be removed, the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea. Number two. Number three, though the waters therefore roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the welling thereof. Then he says salah. So all these things are going on at once. But I love how uh David started off. The first thing he said was God is our refuge and strength. a very present help in trouble. So it doesn't matter if all these things are going on because we have God who's our refuge and strength and a very present help in trouble. So what do we have to fear? These things are going to come. You can't stop them from coming. They're going to come. But God promised to be with you and in you until the end of the world, to the end of the age. &gt;&gt; So we we can have confidence uh in God. We can have a best friend. We can have a wife, a husband, but they can't. They're going to fail you eventually because they're human beings. But God cannot fail. He will not fail. He's never lost a battle. &gt;&gt; So, let's go to a quote. Uh, as I thought of my ways, David later cried, I'll bind thy commandments on my bedpost. I'll honor thy statutes and all when he sees the goodness of God. But you know the psalmist said again that God is our refuge, a very present help in a time of trouble. So it's good to know God to find God. Get on speaking terms with him while there's nothing wrong. So I think human beings I think brother Jack brought this out a couple weeks ago that a lot of times people wait until everything's falling apart to talk to God. But the thing is, if you would talk to God, uh, it's a quote, "In times of peace, prepare for war." Because we know in times of peace that the enemy is plotting against you. He He's trying to see what he can do next. He's he's studying what you do every day so he can plot to get you. But the thing is, while he's doing that, make sure you have a close walk with God because you don't want to wait until everything's going wrong to start praying with desperation. When you're on the mountain top, pray with desperation. So you won't be surprised when the trial comes. Because a lot of times we get surprised because we get a little laxidasical in our prayer life, in our reading life, or whatever it may be. And then that trial comes and like slaps us in the face and we're like, why is this here? But if we remember what the scripture says, think it not strange. &gt;&gt; So he says, get on speaking terms with him while there's nothing wrong. I love that right there. Then in a time of trouble, he's a very present help in the time of trouble. And so, uh, I love that song. So, though the oceans may roar and the mountains be shaken, I know I'm not forsaken. So, I love that right there that I know I'm not forsaken. No matter how bad the devil's attacking, I know that I'm still not forsaken. He says, she says, every step that I take, not not some steps, but every step that I take. &gt;&gt; No, I don't have to worry. He says, "I know your hand will guide me because you are with me." &gt;&gt; So, I love that right there. That gives the believer confidence. Maybe not the nominal believer, but the the believer, you get confidence right there that you know that you're not forsaken because you are his own. Your name is written in the palm of his hands. So, you know that you're not forsaken. &gt;&gt; So, the thing is, it's not our job to try to figure out why we're in a trial or why this has happened. Our job is just to trust. &gt;&gt; It says be still. Just trust and be still. That's all you have to do. It's not our job to try to rec it's all our job is just to recognize that God is our refuge and strength and a very present help. And it's our job to trust him and knows that as brother Marqueis said, he has a plan for your life. &gt;&gt; So you don't have to try to formulate a plan and do this and do that. God knows you have you have uh goals and desires and a future plan and he loves that. But the thing is, you want to make sure that your mind isn't just set on what you want, but what God wants. Because sometimes we can get caught up in things that we we want to do this, but we haven't checked to see if God wants it for our life. Because something can be good right now, but be a hindrance later down the road, 6 months, a year down the road. So that's why it's very important to be on speaking terms with God so he can lead and guide you into what he needs you to be in because he wants to use you in different uh we can say different social circles at your job whatever it may be because there's places that you can't reach and I can't reach that somebody else can reach though. So that's why God wants to use you to to uh give himself glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So let's go to Romans chapter 8. This is probably a very familiar scripture. We probably read it many, many times over the years, but I think it's a very fitting scripture. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; So, we'll go to Romans 8 and we'll start with verse 35. So, it says, "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?" He's asking a question. So, who shall separate us from the love of Christ? And he gives this, he poses this. shall tribulation or distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, parel or sword. And I'm I'm going to give some definitions. So tribulation is severe affliction, distress of life, vexations in scripture. It often denotes the troubles and distresses which proceed from persecution. Now distress means extreme pain and anguish of body or mind as to suffer great distress from the gout or from the loss of near friends. Also it means affliction, calamity, misery, a state of danger as a ship in distress from leaking loss of spars of want to to afflict with pain, anguish or applied to the body or mind. Persecution, the act of of practice of persecuting, the infliction of pain, punishment, death upon others unjustly, particularly for adhering to a religious creed or mode of worship either by way of penalty for compelling them to renounce their principles. Now, famine is a scarcity of food. That's one thing I'll say in America, we don't have to worry about compared to other countries because we there's so much food that we waste food. Uh many I see many people waste food and this and that, but other countries that are aren't as well fortunate us, they experience these things. So, we can be thankful that we aren't experiences naturally, I should say. Sometimes spiritually we can exper experience famine because we're not uh putting our foot to the gas with our walk with God because sometimes when we get blessings we we we we decide to lax off that sometimes that's human nature but we have to override human nature because we know we operate by the eyes of faith and what's inside of us because God is always going to call you to a higher plane a higher level because he wants to use you in a in a deeper way in a more personal way. So the more intimate we get with him, the more he can use us to um expound his glory so others can see him and him alone. &gt;&gt; So nakedness is one of means of defense and parel was danger, risk of hazard, jeopardy, uh peculiar exposure of person or property, injury, loss or destruction. So now these are some some hefty things he's mentioning. He says tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, parel or sword. These are some some real life things. As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. But I love what he says right here. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. So he mentioned all these things, but there's these are no excuses why we still cannot be conquerors. Because if Jesus died and rose again, then we are conquerors. We are overcomers. So there's nothing that the enemy can put in our pl in our way that we can't overcome because it's the overcoming living inside of you doing the overcoming. But he can't overcome if you don't let him overcome inside of you. So it's surrender. You have to surrender to win every battle &gt;&gt; because God expects us to be victorious in every trial. If we're not victorious, then we miss something. We took our eyes off of him. &gt;&gt; So it says, "For I am persuaded that neither he's given more things. For I'm beside neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come. So, I love that part right there. Nor trials to come, nor obstacles to come. There's nothing that can stop you from reaching the perfection that God has called you to. He He's leading you with his mighty hand as he led the children of Israel. All we have to do is have faith. The only thing they lacked was faith. And that's why they missed it. God I'm getting ahead of myself. All right. &gt;&gt; God literally showed them and told them what he would do to get them to the promised land. But still they they mixed unbelief instead of faith. And they were constantly murmuring and complaining the whole God was faithful the whole entire time. Mana raining down from the heaven. Um a brazen serpent. Uh we got water from a rock. Like what more do you need? Like what more can you need? God literally plagues in Egypt. Uh I'm getting ahead of myself again. opened the Red Sea and parted it. So what more do you need? Like like God literally like he babyed them. We could say every time they would murmur, complain, he'll give another chance. Give him another chance. But yet they still missed it. &gt;&gt; Let's keep it going. So nor height nor depth or any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. So I'll say this. We have no excuse. We cannot make no excuse because the Bible tells us that there's nothing that can separate us from the love of Christ. So we should let none of these things separate us from the love of Christ. So God doesn't want to hear my excuse. He doesn't want to hear your excuse. So So he didn't want to hear the children is your excuse. So the thing is sometimes we can make excuses sound so good to oursel. We can trick our own selves by making such a good excuse. &gt;&gt; But the thing is you can't trick God. &gt;&gt; So don't make an excuse. Just like Nike says, just do it. Literally just do it. So these things that we go through, they make us more like him. They in fact they increase your faith. They in fact they they they build the the perfect statue of a man in you. So you got that faith. You got you got longsuffering, love, all these things that God is trying to build a a building inside of you, a pyramid, we could say. And let's go to um Romans 8:28. So we know that all things work together for the good to them that love God and who are called according to his purpose. I'm believe I'm believing tonight that I'm talking to everybody who's called according to his purpose. So, if you're called according to his purpose, it says all things work together for the good of them that love God. So, it may seem like everything is going wrong, but guess what? He's going to make all things work together for your good and my good. So, we can have faith as we're walking down this path that you're going the right way. Because if everything's going wrong and like like the enemy is attacking that that means you know that you're in the right place. If he's not attacking then you better worry. &gt;&gt; Let's go to First Peter 4:12 or 1 Peter. Yeah. Chapter 4:12 and we'll read um we'll read actually we'll read seven verses there actually. I know I said um let me get there. Okay. Chapter 4 and we'll read verses. All right. Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fire trial which is to try you as though some strange thing has happened. I want you to know it says fiery trial. &gt;&gt; So one thing I want to point out in order to be an overcomer there has to be something that you have to overcome. &gt;&gt; The Christian walk isn't a a walk of just ease and and laziness. But you be an overcomer. Something has to be in your way to you to overcome it. An obstacle has to be there. So don't think it's strange. Any battle, any war that was won, there was an obstacle. There was an enemy they had to fight. In fact, there was battles, there was wars. And so the thing is, don't think it, don't be surprised when the things come. Just just be thankful that you can be in a fiery trial because that means God sees something that he wants to perfect in you. So a lot of people, a lot of Christians, they don't even even pay attention. They just go to church and then do their thing on the weekday, come back to church, and they just leave God here. They don't take God, they don't take them with him. So the thing is, God wants you to take him with him wherever you go. &gt;&gt; But rejoice in so much as you are partakers of Christ's sufferings that when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye, for the spirit of glory of God restth upon you. Um, on their part, evil is spoken of, but your part, he is glorified. But it says, "But let none of you suffer as a murderer or as a thief or as an evildoer or as a busy body in other men's matters. Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf. For the time has come that judgment must begin at the house of God. And if it first begin at us, what shall the end of them that obey not the gospel of God? If the righteously scarcely be, think about that. If the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? So, it really shows me that it's none of my merits, not how good I can be, not how good I am, but it's what Christ has done. Because I think the Bible even says, even at your best, it's like a dirty rag. So, it shows us that we we we we can't think that we've done something. is what the finished product of what God has done. So that's why we're here today standing because of his grace and mercy. Wherefore let them suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in the welloing as unto faith their creator. Let's go to um quote now the resurrection of Lazarus. He got sick and sometimes God tries your faith. Do you believe that? He says every son that cometh to God must be tried. Think it not strange that the fiery trials come because it's only done to perfect your faith. And guess what else? And draw you closer. They're worth more than gold to you. All right. The prophet just just reminding us why we go through these trials. So we wonder why brother Brandon went through some some of these things he went through. It was for a perfect plan, a perfect purpose so more of God could be inside of him. &gt;&gt; Let's go to Exodus um chapter 14. We're not going to read all these verses. I know just for the sake of time, but we'll go to um to the Red Sea Showdown, we can call it. And we go to Exodus 14 and we'll read um I kind of skip around a little bit, but sometimes when your Bible's falling apart, is it's falling last. A little hard to turn sometimes. I think I glued it like two times already in my life. So, Exodus 14, we'll go to verse 9. So, in the Bible reads, "But the Egyptians pursued after them all the horses and the chariots of Pharaoh and his horsemen and his army and overtook them, encamping them by the sea beside Pitup and before Balisan." And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and behold, the Egyptians marched after them. They were so afraid, and the children of Israel cried unto the Lord. So, I wanted to stop right there real quick. Actually, we go back to verse one. And the Lord said unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel that they turn and encamp before Philip between Maggra and the sea over against Balazafon before it shall encamp by the sea. For Pharaoh will say the children of Israel, they are tangled in the land, the wilderness, and has shut them up. So God is telling Moses to speak to the children of Israel to move. And so I think of like this as we're getting down to here, you're going to hear the children of Israel complain, "Oh, we should have stayed in Egypt and this and that." But you guys literally were crying for deliverance. Literally the taskmaster. So the very thing that you prayed for has got answered and now you're complaining because God had answered the prayer. To me, that that that literally logically makes no sense if you look at a logical standpoint. So the very thing you literally if you were crying out to God, it was something that was that was really tasking to you mentally, physically and fe and spiritually. Let's keep going. Verse 11. And he said unto Moses, because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? Wherefore hast thou dealt us with us to carry us forth out of Egypt? So the thing is if if they if they knew God can do these things in Egypt then this little situation was it hard was it hard for God to handle. So the thing is if God kill the firstborn of the Egyptians um flies locust and all these things and there was only light in goan no light in Egypt. So if God can do all those things then what this little trial &gt;&gt; can can God not do it? Can God not if God could be with us who if God if God is for us who could be against us? So the thing is, but we see that they had the same type of attitude. So I can see why God looks at the attitude. It's the right mental attitude as the prophet said that brings any divine promise to God to pass. So let's go to verse 12. Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt saying, "Let us alone." So I want you to notice they never apologized to God for saying that. He delivered them and they never repented and said, "Oh Lord, I'm sorry." But yet they kept doing it over and over and over and over again. Let let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians, for it been better for us to serve the Egyptians than that we should die in the wilderness. And Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show you today. For the Egyptians whom you have seen today, you shall see them again no more forever." &gt;&gt; I love verse 14 right here. The Lord shall fight for you and you shall hold your peace. So thing is sometimes we we get so overwhelmed and so stressed out because we're trying to do God's job. &gt;&gt; God never called you to do his job. God told you to be still. Um even Paul said that that we got to be in perfect rest. We got to be in that rest that the Holy Ghost is rest. So the thing is we try to figure everything out, formulate everything, plan this out, do this and do that. But God God wants to fight for you. &gt;&gt; God God knows how you're going to win this battle. God knows how you're going to get this victory. So just trust in him. Let him do the fighting. You play your part. Hitting your knees. Read your word. &gt;&gt; Speak in faith. Move in faith. And then let and watch God uh show up. If we could say that. Watch God do his thing. Watch God hit a home run, &gt;&gt; hit a buzzer beat or whatever, whatever you want, however analogy you want to hit. &gt;&gt; So let's keep going. We'll go to verse um 15. And the Lord shall say unto Moses, wherefore Christ thou unto me? So, I think sometimes in situations we it's a time to cry because we know in Ecclesiastes 3, it's a time to cry. But I think a lot of times we we kind of doubt the God inside of us. &gt;&gt; Speak the word and move in faith. That's what that's what that's what God was trying to tell Moses because he he said, "I'm in I'm with you." And so he's I'm a prophet and obviously we're not prophets, but we have God living inside of us. So we have the word living right inside of us. We I think sometimes we're scared just to speak. &gt;&gt; Speak the word. If you're reading in the word, then you have authority because Christ has given you authority to change atmospheres, to change situations. So speak it into existence. Don't be scared. Like that song says, "Speak." Just speak. And so we we see that um verse 15, it says, "And the Lord said unto Moses, wherefore Christ unto me, speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward." So, we're in a season of restoration and overflow. Speak and move forward. Maybe your business isn't doing as well as you wanted to. Speak. &gt;&gt; May maybe your spiritual walk isn't doing as you could want to. Speak. &gt;&gt; Maybe your family members aren't here yet. Speak. &gt;&gt; God wants to hear you speak. God loves to be reminded of his word. Just speak it. Speak it out to him. He loves to hear his children repeat his word back to him. Verse 16. But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thy hand over the sea, and divide it, and the children of Asia shall go on dry land in the midst of the sea. And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them, and I will give me honor upon the host and upon his chariots. Let's skip down to verse 20. And it came to pass between the Egyptians and the camp of Israel. It was a cloud in darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these. So the one came not near the other night. And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea. And the Lord caused the sea to go back and forth in a strong wind. By night, let's go to verse 23. And the Egyptians pursued and went after them to the midst of the sea. Even Pharaoh's horses and chariots and his horsemen. And it came to pass in the morning watch. The Lord looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire of the clouds troubled the host of the Egyptians, and took off their chariot wheels that they drove them heavily. So that the Egyptians said, "Let us flee from the face of Israel, for the Lord fightth for them against the Egyptians." So even the Egyptians re realized that God fought for them. &gt;&gt; So even your enemies are going to realize that God is going to fight for you. &gt;&gt; And to me, that brings me so much assurance and so much peace in my life that I know that God cares so much for me. He's willing to fight for me. &gt;&gt; He's willing to help me get the victory. Let's um and the Lord said unto Moses, "Stretch out thy hand over the sea, and the waters may come again of the Egyptians, upon the chariots, upon their horses." And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea, and the sea turned to his strength, and the morning appeared, and the Egyptians fled against it, and overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea. I want you also notice that there was not one person left from the Egyptian camp that came after them. Not one. God said there not be one. So look at that. He killed every enemy. So sometimes there might be Sauls in your workplace and many things I remember brother Jack said that he said let God kill Saul. &gt;&gt; Don't you try to do it. Don't you try to let God do it. &gt;&gt; He'll have to leave get a new job whatever it is or be your friend whatever it may be. &gt;&gt; So let's let's read a quote from proving his word. It was said one time that Israel was walking in the line of duty. The walking in the line of duty to a promised land. So I believe we're walking in the line of duty to the rapture &gt;&gt; and right in the line of duty, the the enemy come and them up in the corner and the Red Sea cut them off from the line of duty in their march and God looked down from their heaven. So when they hit the Red Sea, that didn't surprise God. He was like, I knew it was going to be there. &gt;&gt; Um in their line of march and God looked down from heaven through the pillar of fire and the sea got scared. I love that it rolled back his waves because God's waves was in the bottom of the sea and it made a way for his children walking in the line of obedience. So if you're walking in the line of obedience, God is obligated to fight your battle &gt;&gt; because you're you're getting in step with the word. If you're in step with the word, then God is obligated by his word to fight your battles. &gt;&gt; So you have nothing to worry if you're ob. Now if you're not in obedience, then you might have to worry a little bit. But if you're in obedience and in line and in step, then you can have confidence and faith that God is going to fight &gt;&gt; for you. &gt;&gt; Now God, if the Red Sea would get scared and roll back his waves, roll back its waters and give a place to journeying children march in obedience. Dear God, tonight look down through the blood of your son Jesus who made the promise when these handkerchiefs placed upon the sick bodies of people. May the eyes of God look and may the sickness that the devil be scared and move away. May the people keep their journey to the promised land with good health and strength. As Israel marched through the wilderness, there wasn't one feeble person among them as the other end. May it be granted for these people, Father, for we send these handkerchiefs in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Read one more quote. Now, you remember he had already prophesied for he said, "These Egyptians that you see today, you'll see no more." And then immediately he began to cry out, "God, what can we do?" See, after he done a pretty good job in prophesying there, you see, he done told them what would happen. If the word of God was in him, it was in him. &gt;&gt; And when he was telling that it actually come to pass, when he said was already going to come to pass here, he was crying out, "What am I going to do?" Oh, if that isn't human beings, if that isn't me, if that isn't me, see, he already proved what he said was going to happen. I think sometimes, getting ahead of myself again, that we I look at David. David didn't have the Holy Ghost, but yet he could look back and see God gave me the strength to kill this lion and his bear. And this Goliath, he he's he a he knew nothing either because he's he's in the line because David's in the line of obedience. So if he's in a line of obedience, he can have confidence that this uncircumcised Philistine won't stand. So I think sometimes we forget what God has done in the past. &gt;&gt; But thing, David didn't have the Holy Ghost. We have the Holy Ghost. So we got authority and power living inside of us. So we can look back and see what God has done as well and have a victory just like he had a victory. He had three victories. Victory, victory, victory. We can do the same thing. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said we live a million miles below our privilege. &gt;&gt; He didn't say a thousand. He said a million miles. So God expects these things to happen. God expects testimonies of victory. He expects spiritual blessing. All these things he expects us to have. But we have to be the one feeding upon him to get these victories. &gt;&gt; I lost my train. Where am I at now? &gt;&gt; And um let's see. Uh in Okay. And here a circumcis a circumstance rose in a moment. What I must do? What I must do, Lord? I think we getting that, too. Hey, Lord, where you at? Hey, do you hear me? What must I do? He had already ordained him and vindicated him and pro. I think sometimes we're scared to to speak the word. &gt;&gt; And God want God wants to see, are you really believing and trusting me? Speak the word. I placed inside of you. to use it and he had already ordained him and vindicated him and proved worked everything through him and here God oh my fully expressing men wants to rest and let God do the pushing. Wow. All right. So and yet he knew that God had anointed him for the job to do this and God had clearly vindicated his claims. It was time for the people to be delivered. God through his miracles, wonders had drawn them all together in one group. You follow me? Brought them all together in one group. Vindicated his claims. Scripture said so. Here, here was the sign. Here was the evidence. Here everything had said. So I look in the season of restoration. We have evidence. How many people have testified of God restoring, God overflowing their business. So the these are for all of us. We can all experience these things. Like I said before, in our business, in our walk, in our families, these things, God is still God is still in the throne. &gt;&gt; God is still God over everything. So these things are are at our fingertips to grasp. there as much as you uh God God is much you you can't exhaust God. You can't exhaust him. He's like an ocean. You can't exhaust him. Don't be scared. Oh God, I need this. No. Speak. Open your mouth up. Ask big things. Ask small things. Ask medium things. Just be ask. I think sometimes we're scared to ask and God want it's like like a little kid. You know they want something. You're just waiting for them to ask. &gt;&gt; And same thing with guys is waiting for you to ask. Um but uh paragraph 2:10, but he wanted to wait on thus sayith the Lord. He should have known that the very vindication of his call was thus sayeth the Lord. Wow. His job that he was ordained to was thus sayeth the Lord. Can you get it? Why? Why he didn't wait on thus sayith the Lord? So the the Bible tells us that that he chose us. That's thus sayeth the Lord, right? He he chose you. He called you by name. So we can have confidence that if he called you and chose you that the word is living inside of you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We read one more quote. Um and we'll go to Joshua 10. Um Joshua Joshua 1. I'm sorry. We go to Joshua 1 actually. I know it says 10 on there. We go to Joshua 1. And God wanted Moses to have faith that he put put in him and the gift that he had clearly a vindicated. God had clearly proved to Moses that the that it was him by the word and by the things that he was said to come to pass. It was clearly identified. There was no need of him worrying anymore about it. See, there was no more of him thinking about anything about it because it was already cleared up. He had already done these things. He had already proved by by by flies and fleas that spoken to creation that the word of God was in him. Let's go to Joshua um chapter one. See, let me get there myself. All right. All right. So, Joshua chapter 1, very familiar scripture. We've all read this many times, but I believe it's still very important and very timely and very powerful. So, now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua, saying, "The son of Moses, the minister, saying, so we know the prophet has left the scene, but yet the word is still here. It's still vindicated. So, we have to carry the torch. We have to bring the message to others. We have to because brother Brandham, he called us. He he told us that is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. So if it was Jesus with the children of Israel, he's still Jesus with you today. So he's still doing these things. He's still partnering the Red Sea. He's doing all these things still. He's still giving you strength to kill Goliath in your life because there's Goliath. There's going to be Goliath in your life. And you and God is giving you the strength and authority to to to conquer these giants in your life. So Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan and all the people into the land which I do give thee, even to the children of Israel. Because in the children of Israel, they experience overflow in that land. It says overflowing with milk and honey. And so I believe God is calling us to a a spiritual promised land, which is the Holy Ghost as we know. And and there's going to be overflow &gt;&gt; overflow of the your cup overflowing spiritually. You're going to see your business overflowing where you don't even know what to do. You got so much work. You're going to see your family members overflowing in the seats. You you going to see it cuz God God knows what you've been praying for on your knees. And he's going to answer in the perfect time and in due season. &gt;&gt; Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you as I said unto Moses. He's speaking that to you personally as well. He may be speaking that to them in that time, but I can see myself in here. I can see you guys in here as well. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; From the wilderness and thus the Lebanon even to the great river, the river Euphrates, and all the land, the high tites, unto the great sea, toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast. There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. So we could literally dovetail that with Romans chapter 8:35 through 39. Um, all the days as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. Look, check. I will not fail thee nor forsake thee. I love that right there. Let's keep going. It says, "Be strong and of good courage, for unto the people shalt thou divide for inheritance of the land which I swear unto their their fathers to give them. Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee." So I see God is really trying to stress obedience. Obedience is greater than sacrifice. So turn not from it to the right hand to the left, but stay right in the middle. That thou mayest prosper whatsoever thou goest. Right? That's the key to prosper whatsoever thou goest. We can go to Psalms one as well. I don't go to but Psalms 1 says the same thing. Whatever your hands touch, it'll prosper. But that's the key right there. That's the key. You got to stay faithful to the word. &gt;&gt; And if you're faithful to the word, you're faithful to God because God and his word are one and the same. You can't separate them. &gt;&gt; So the simple I guess the put in simplicity always keep God first. &gt;&gt; ABC always being in Christ is keep it simple as possible. This is the book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth but thou shalt meditate there in day and night. Thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written. Not just some not just your favorite scripture but all that is written. Therein for then shall make the way prosperous and thou shalt have good success. So, it's giving us a formula how to be prosperous spiritually and physically. Because if you're if you're doing Matthew 6:33, but seek ye first the kingdom of God and righteousness, and all these things should be added unto you, then guess what's going to happen? God is going to supply all your needs, right down from the spiritual all the way down to the natural. &gt;&gt; Overflow anything you can think of. If you are putting him first, he's going to supply everything that you need. &gt;&gt; Because God loves to honor faithfulness. Just like when a when your kid when your son or daughter uh listens to what you say, does his chores, you want to bless him. You want to give him gifts. So the same thing in in God's economy, if you are doing everything you can to please God, obviously we're going to make mistakes. God knows that. Repent, keep going forward. God is going to bless you for that that obedience. He says, "Have not I commanded thee?" He knows he me he mentioned this many times about being strong and of good courage. Be strong and good courage. Be not afraid, neither be dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with thee, whatsoever thou goest. So once again, he's trying to give us he's trying to build our faith and boost our confidence that he's going to be with you. He's always going to be with you. The thing is, don't just leave him right there because sometimes we leave God back there and we wonder why we going through things. Same thing with Peter. Peter is walking on the water as long as he's keeping his eyes on Christ. But when he took his eyes off of Christ, that's when he began to sink. And the same thing in our life. Our life happens. We sometimes we take our eyes off of Christ and we wonder why we're sinking. Because you got to keep your eyes on the author and finisher, Jesus Christ. Because you keep your eyes on him, there's no enemy, no devil that can stop you because you got your eyes on your strength. Because you take your eyes off, you lose your Son, he cut his hair, lost his strength. Let's let's look at I want to just look at two verses real quick. Joshua, how we on time? Okay. So, let's look at Joshua 10:8 and Deuteronomy 24. In Deuteronomy 20:4, it says in Joshua 10:8, "And the Lord said unto Joshua, fear them not, for I deliver them to thy hands, and there shall not a man of them stand before thee." In Deuteronomy 24:4, for the Lord your God is he that goeth with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you. So, once again, God is trying to remind us that that he will go before you and fight for you. You don't have to try to do all these things and try to do this and do that and and talk about this person bad, but let God handle it. Let God be God. Simple as that. So, I I tell you, there's going to be times that the oceans will roar. There's going to be difficult times time to come. And I tell you, there's going to be it's going to feel like you're drowning sometimes. You're going to feel like I can't take another another bad news, Lord. Like Job. Job is just like, man, another piece of bad news. But I look how I love how Job did not curse God not one time. And he didn't have the Holy Ghost. Once again, we he didn't have the Holy Ghost like we did. He didn't have a group of believers like we did. He didn't have this Bible to read after to have encouragement and faith in a faith building. He didn't have none of that. In fact, his spouse even say you should curse God and die. So, he literally was alone. We could say he had nobody to to counsel him. His friends were saying, "You're a secret sinner." But look at us. We got a we got a whole community of of of of holy holy ghost filled believers to give us strength if we need it. And we got we got a we have a message of the hour. I can keep on going the resources we got. &gt;&gt; He didn't have he didn't have no iPod, no no iPod Nano, no nothing. No MP3, no CD player, nothing. &gt;&gt; He had he literally had to rely on God. And I was listening to the prophet maybe couple weeks ago this sermon he was mentioned. He was saying that it was a very common occurrence for people to meet with God. He said he was even in the camp of the Philistines at one point when I believe um when Abraham lied to that king and said that Sarah was his wife and and then God came to the king in the dream and said if you marry you're a dead man. He's like whoa whoa Lord what are you talking about? He said you know I I didn't know he told me he was his wife or his his sister. And so, but brother Brandham was just saying how like it was a very common occurrence for for men and women to meet with God back in the day. And he says now it's a rarity because we have so much distractions out here. We have social media, technology. I mean, if you go 50 years ago to now, look how much more we have to work. Even though we're technically uh we're further advanced, but I believe the more advanced that we get, the further away we can get from God. And so that's why you see that that even uh we got psychiatrists are very high in demand now. People want to have them solve their problems, but they can't solve your problems. Like we said before, they they can't they can try to patch it up, but they can't solve the problem. And so, everybody wants to do um they want to try to find an easy way out. &gt;&gt; They don't want to try God because they know if they come to God, they got to give up things. &gt;&gt; They don't want to give up sin &gt;&gt; because sin feels good and it's pleasurable. But we know what sin what it produces, it produces death every time. So they know what God can do, but they they they they they don't want to uh give up drinking, um popularity, prosperity, all these things. Cuz you look at some of these mega churches, if they would start preaching the word of God, they they the congregation will probably be empty. &gt;&gt; Literally probably be empty. But they know that they they they want to keep the the popularity. They want to keep the the big crowds because that's where the money is. It's all about the money. And so a lot of people, good people are going to miss it because they don't want to uh sell out locktock barrel. And we see Moses was he was presented with the same thing. The next in line to be Pharaoh. But yet he chose to rather to suffer with the people of God. He chose the reproach of Christ rather uh than that. And so we just see that we have to make a hard choice in this day and age because everything's presented to us. Popularity is presented to us. Friends are presented to us. Sometimes we got to walk away from friends because um being even unevenly yolked can actually draw you away from God &gt;&gt; because there's spirits. There's spirits can be on that person that can get onto you if you keep hanging around that. So we got to make we got to make choices who we're hanging out with. I'm not saying I'm not telling you who to hang out with, but I'm just telling you to have a little discernment and have a little wisdom. &gt;&gt; So um but I tell you God is right there lending you a helping hand. So, just talking about just how there's going to be times where you just feel like you can't take another another um trial or another issue or problem we could say. But just know that God is right there guiding you and giving you strength to handle and conquer this. So, all we have to do is trust and walk forward just like Moses told uh uh just like God told Moses. And let's let's read one more um okay so we'll read this from um why cry and speak. Faith is a long range vision. &gt;&gt; It it it don't lower the sights. It holds to the target. Amen. Any good shooter knows that. See, that's it. It's long range. It's a telescope. It's like a binocular. It's like like a three-point shooter. A pier just knock it down every time. It's a binocular. You don't have to look around. You don't use binoculars to look. You see what it is. It is. It is. He says what time it is. You don't use that, but you see use binoculars to look a way off. And faith does that. faith picks up God's binoculars, both of them, both sides, the New Testament, the Old Testament, and sees every promise that he made and and tense says here, he looks at the end. He don't drop the sights down to look this way. He looks out yonder. He keeps the crosshairs dead center on the word. That's what faith does. That's faith in a man that does those things. So, this the prophet is telling us that that faith doesn't waver. Faith is strong and has like he said, I think he has hairs on his chest. He said, and so it has big muscles. So that's what we need in this day and age is faith. I think a lot of times people just have hope. They don't have real genuine faith. And hope is good, but you need faith as well mixed with it. You got to have both. They're like sis like like sisters we can say. And so we see all these things that people will have like tattoos of crosses and scriptures and and chains, but yet this is for show because you ask them, "Oh, why'd you get this?" "Oh, I just like it." You know, I like the cross. I'm, you know, or I'm a Christian. and you ask, you start asking them things, oh, and this and that and that, you you kind of find out that, oh, yeah, okay. And you hear them talk with foul language. I'm like, oh, I don't be saying anything. I be I be just look looking and listening. I'm like, you know, if you call yourself a Christian, you shouldn't be talking like the world. &gt;&gt; So, but the thing is, I let I let God do his thing &gt;&gt; cuz if they're seed, they're seed. If they're not, they're not. &gt;&gt; That's my timer. All right, let's um let's do the Heb let's go to Hebrews 4:12 and we'll um we'll close there. For the word of God is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of soul and spirit and the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts intents of the heart. So I think a lot of times we tend to look at our situations too carnal. We don't look at with our spiritual looking glasses. So the thing is if you look at the situations and trials and carnality then of course you're going to worry, you're going to doubt. You're going to fear. So the thing is we have to put our spiritual looking glasses on and and see that we're in these situations for a reason. They're going to perfect you. They're going to better you. they're going to make you a better um a Christian, a better husband, a better wife, a better brother, a better minister, a better So, whatever it is. Um that that God wants to uh cuz I I believe that God wants you to be better in all areas &gt;&gt; cuz he he doesn't want to focus on this, but God wants to see you improve in every areas. And I believe we're in a season of restoration where we can improve in all the areas. &gt;&gt; May maybe somebody want to see their marriage um be more close. Maybe you want to see your kids um be filled with the Holy Ghost like we said, brother Messiah. Whatever it is, ask. Because I I believe that there's nothing impossible for God to do. God can do it. &gt;&gt; So your trials and tribulations, there aren't there to discourage you. They're not they're not to break you in a bad way. They're to build you spiritually. They're to break your flesh, yes, but they're to build you spiritually. Because your flesh is not going to like the trial. Your flesh is going to complain and murmur. But don't let don't don't let murmuring and complaining be a norm for you &gt;&gt; because it was a norm for the children of Israel and that's why they didn't make it. So thing is we want to catch yourself when you begin to murmur and complain because I know we're human beings we're going to complain but catch yourself so you don't make it a habit because a lot of times we make bad habits because we let it slip &gt;&gt; and if we let it slip then that's when it becomes a bad habit. So catch yourself like like brother Brandham said, you can't stop the devil from trying to put thoughts, but you can stop the thoughts from staying in your head. You can kick them out because if you let the thoughts come in, they're going to manifest. So don't let them manifest. &gt;&gt; So um your trials aren't there to discourage you, to break you in a bad way, but they're there to build you spiritually. God is building a building inside of you, and these trials and tribulations are to build that building. We have to realize that God knows what he's doing. So, so if the o so the oceans are going to roar, the mountains are going to be shaken, everything is going to these things are going to keep happening. So, what we need to do is just be thankful that we can be through these things because God sees something in you that he wants to perfect. And to me, that's a blessing that the very God of heaven cares about me that he wants to see you and I in perfection. And so we can walk in confidence that the oceans are going to roar, but he will not forsake you. So let's just bow our heads in word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we we're so thankful, Lord, for this season that we're in, Lord Jesus. Father, we just seen you moved, Lord, in so many, many ways and so many miracles, Father, and healings and and refillings and fillings, Father. And we know, Lord, that this this isn't it, Lord. You have so much more, Father. Lord, exceeding abundant what we expect, Lord. And Father, as we walk, Lord, through with the eyes of faith, Lord, down this walk that you called us, Lord, help us, Lord, just to see the big picture, Lord. Help to remind us why we're here, Lord. We're here, Lord, just for you and you alone. Lord, may this day forward, may we we just walk with eyes of faith, Lord. May we not murmur and complain. If we do, Lord, help us to catch it, Lord Jesus. We don't want to make it a habit, but Lord, we want to make it a habit to praise and worship you, Lord. A habit to trust in you, Lord. A habit to take you at your word, almighty God. Let us make those kind of habits, Lord, because those kind of habits, Lord, are going to lead us to the promised land. And Father, may you bless all those here tonight, Lord. Those on the live stream, Lord. And Lord, may we, Lord Jesus, just just walk, Lord, as you call us to walk. You told Abraham to walk. You didn't tell him where to walk, but you told him to walk, Father. And sometimes in our walk, Lord, you tell us to walk without giving us exact direction, Lord. And Father, may you increase our faith, Lord. May you give us more of your Holy Ghost, more of you, Father. And may you bless this night, Lord. Ask all these things in the most precious holy name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] Thank the Lord for the word uh tonight though the oceans may roar. Um I um just appreciate uh that and feel like we're going through a season where the oceans are certainly roaring. Uh but God promised never to leave us nor forsake us uh in times like this. So we are very very appreciative of that. Um brother Mark made a a statement about you know uh when you're going through things like that sometimes God will just kind of come through uh for you. And um he said he'll he'll hit a buzzer beater. Uh, I said, "Man, that's that's that's uh that's a really really good thought." You know, my my mind just start going through um different buzzer beatas that I done seen. Uh, I'm thinking about, you know, Ray Allen, uh, here in Miami and they were playing the San Antonio Spurs and and Chris Bosch got the rebound and threw it out to Ray Allen and he just let one fly. I think about Michael Jordan and um you know you'd always if you had him on your team, no matter how old he was, if Michael Jordan was on your team, you want to give him the ball to see if he could uh get the last shot. And I remember, you know, a couple times they they beat the Cleveland Cavaliers because Michael Jordan shot that last shot and a lot of buzzer beaters. But I just imagine if I had God on my team, Brother, I don't if God is on my side &gt;&gt; and he's on my team, ain't nobody else going to get the ball. Give the ball to God. We are guaranteed to win if we can just get the ball in God's hands. and and and and if you could have that type of thought about whatever issue that you're facing, whatever trial you're going through, just get things in God's hands and it's going to be all right. Hallelujah. I believe that with all my heart. So, I just I just appreciate that. My God. Uh God hit a buzzer beater on your behalf. Amen. God bless you, brother Mark. We really really appreciate Amen. and the word of the Lord on uh tonight. Amen. Let us uh have uh tonight's uh announcements and we will mention that to everyone. Uh so on uh let let me start with Friday. Uh we have service here and it's uh uh we deemed it a youth service. the youth will be responsible for the specials and and things of that nature. But we uh we will have a minister speaking, brother Caleb Duran, and uh he's coming from Tucson, Arizona. A few of his saints have already arrived. They've uh reached out to me, a couple families that have uh come all the way from Arizona to be here and fellowship with us this weekend. Uh so he'll be preaching on Friday night and also preaching on Sunday morning. uh here. And then also uh brother Caleb will be preaching Sunday night in Boon Beach with brother brother Jean and the saints there at um um Bride of Christ. Uh so keep those things in mind and uh our prayer will start 8:30 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. on Sunday and then Sunday school from 8:45 to 9:15 and and then service will start at 9:30. streaming continues through uh our church website, john423.org, and our Facebook uh page, SAT Tabernacle. So, uh keep those things in mind. Don't forget the youth banquet that's coming up in uh in Sarasota on Saturday, October 4 from 3 to 10. And you can register there at www.houseofellowship.com. Brother Danny Steam is the pastor there at the church. Uh the Bethl Youth Camp where brother Jason Watkins is the pastor. They're having their youth camp Thursday through Sunday, October 16th through 19th. And they uh the you can go to that website that's on the screen in order to do the uh registration for that. So just want to want to mention those things. Our giving is through um uh Cash App, PayPal, and uh Zel for online giving. Uh we prefer Zel because there are no fees there, but we do we are able to take uh PayPal and cash app payments. If you use Zel or PayPal, it's going to be giving at john423.org. If you use cash app, uh dollar sign spirit t. And we have our mailing address as well on the bottom of the screen. And those inside the sanctuary, we do have a wooden box in the back as you exit or as you enter that you can use for your giving. Praise the Lord. All right. Um, do we have anyone here that would want to share a testimony uh tonight or if there's any special prayer requests uh that we have any testimonies? Okay. Come on. Come on. Come on, brother. Certainly appreciate the Lord. Amen. and all that he is doing in our midst. Amen. Amen. God bless the church. I don't have a testimony, but I actually do have a prayer request and I just want to ask the whole church to um keep a little situation in prayer. And I I was reminded of sister uh um Nelly. She gave a testimony. she had a situation with her computer where the computer was shut down and she has some stuff that she needed and today uh Mandy we're working on on an on the office and right now she doesn't have an office and she's working out of the uh table in the kitchen I mean in the uh dining room and a couple water spilled all over her computer and right now she doesn't seem to be able to get a lot of uh stuff that she has there is very important for the business and notes and and and and files. And so I I believe that through the preaching today, there's a lot that we can uh apply to that. I send her a couple texts throughout the preaching. I say, you know, this is very timely and we can we can stand on that &gt;&gt; and um and I and I believe that um uh us worrying in a situation does not uh bring us closer to the promises that God um has gave us. So we got to stand strong. And I just but I do ask that all of you would uh take that in into prayer that we may be able to either um get all that stuff back or get the computer fixed and get it back. And and if not, then I believe that all things are working together for our good. God has a plan. And um whether we get that stuff or not, we're still standing strong in God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Anybody else? um a praise reporter prayer requests right you know um as brother Jose was just mentioned that was a a tape I was just listening to and and I don't think I ever caught this before and um thinking about Peter walking on water uh brother Random said when he walked on water he never even got wet Can you imagine that? &gt;&gt; Can you imagine that? And and with water, you're supposed to get wet. But the miracle is so powerful that Peter never even got wet. Um so I'm thinking about this computer and um we not accepting it, &gt;&gt; especially with the need being that great, you know, whatever it take. I mean, we going to say the computer not even wet. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But we uh we Yeah, this was certainly a timely sermon and and and and you know, when we have different things that kind of come up as believers, we we elevate. We go to a different level. And um and that's what that's what we're supposed to do. When you look at the the life of the Lord Jesus, uh certain things would come. He elevated, you know, and and and and he took care of the situation. Praise God. So, yeah, we going we going to pray over that. We going to pray over that. They they not going to lose nothing. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not one thing. Anybody else want to share testimony or or prayer requests? Okay. Come on, sis. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Is it turned on, sis? Just press that button. Make sure it's green. &gt;&gt; Okay. God bless you. Um I'm just asking for prayer for me for complete healing. has been battling all week um long with um cold and yesterday vertigo. Try to get again. Um but also um just a couple of prayer requests asking that you keep my daughter Zion in prayer. She um facing a test, major test. She have to um ace on Friday. if you can just keep her in your prayers. But also my brother Lim, he's been in and out of the hospital um and the doctors that still been running tests. Um but he um actually said that the sinner's prayer with my brother Roy um a few weeks ago and um he's accepted Christ and I just pray that you would keep him in your prayers um and also that God will just bring healing to his body. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank God for that. [Applause] He heaven rejoices when just one uh repents on this side. So we we thank God. And we also know that through um Christ's death on the cross, he brought both uh our salvation and our healing. Amen. And that in that one atonement is a dual atonement that we got the benefit for. So we'll be praying for brother Lim. Anybody else before we leave tonight? All right. All right. Well, let us um take these requests to the Lord. Um and um we'll prepare to dismiss. Father, we thank you for the uh word that was given to us. Though the oceans roar, mountains shake. Um God, we are are confident that uh you are still with us in the midst of it all and we don't have to uh fret. We don't have to worry. God, we can trust and lean on you and um because you are a miracle worker. And Lord, we uh have a couple needs here. this uh computer that uh a water spill happened to it and and now our sister is trying to navigate. Lord, we pray that you just as as Peter did not experience any uh wetness, God, we're asking that this computer would go through the same type of thing that it won't experience that and there would be no damage at all in this situation. you know how important a computer is to them uh to the business to to school everything Lord. So we uh we just we know that um the same God that was watching over Peter can watch over this computer. So we committed now into your hands and even hearing the testimony uh from sister Nelly a couple weeks ago. Sometimes we don't realize when we share our testimonies how much somebody else needs to hear that. You never know what another person will be going through and they'll need to draw strength from what is being shared. So Lord, we pray that you'd help us to Lord, just share what you have done for us and and uh just God, we ask that because we don't know who we're who we're helping along the way. We ask that you'd just be uh with our sister Zion. Lord, she has this test coming up. Pray that you would just uh minister to her in her need. Continue to touch Sister Shondaanda in her body. We thank you for what you've done thus far, and we know you'll complete the work that you started. uh limb is in need of a touch. Thank God that brother Roy was able to go there and just share Christ with him and give him Lord his heart was tender enough to be able to accept Christ as his savior and Lord we know that through u your death and the cross not only did you bring salvation but you also brought healing. So, Father, we pray that you would bring healing to his body and in between him and his condition, we place the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, believing that you were wounded for his transgressions, bruised for his iniquities, the chastisement of his pieces upon you. And with your stripes, we declare healing. Father, as we prepare to leave this place but not your presence, may you, Father, uh uh just go with us and may you keep us till we come back together on uh Friday night as we Lord just uh looking forward to hearing what you would speak to us through your servant, Brother Caleb. We ask that you give him traveling mercies as he would come and Lord just uh bless Amen uh his his coming and bless his going. May you get all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And amen. God richly bless you church. Uh the brothers will come at this time uh to dismiss you. Amen. God bless you. [Music]
