################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 59 - Bro. Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 59 - Bro. Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1C8tqm0I_Sk
========================================

main hair hanging down. He looked at me in a little red face. I picked up the little fella. I thought, "Now, if God will do that before these Indians, that'll give favor." I put the little fell up against me and I said, "Dear God, please have mercy. I pray thee that thou will heal the little fella and give favor before these people that I might tell them about thy beloved son." Of course, the interpreter wasn't interpreting that. There's just stand there watching. And I knew God healed that baby. I said, "Now four tuck him over my shoulder." I said, "Now have them all look this way." They looked that way. I said, "Now, if God's healed this little crosseyed boy, will you believe?" They was looking at one another, you know, they didn't say a word. I turned his little face around like that. His little eyes as normal as anybody here. My You talk about a prayer line. I had one really in a few moments. Looked like a stampede while the dust define they had to throw out. How many knows River Jack Moore? I guess some of you do. and garden lindsy then up there and so this the prayer line was coming this next old Indian woman they had an awful time getting a quite she had two broomsticks or some kind of sticks and had rags wrapped around the top for crutches she looked to be about 75 or 80 years old she had long plats hanging down and and leather platted in her hair and she was to be the next in the line but they were crowding and pushing so at that platform they got a bunch of Indians and stood them up there to keep them down and so this Young Indian boy jumped over the platform. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] you. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] [Music] More of you in my life. More love, more power, more of you in my life. Let's sing it again. More love, more power. More love, more power, more of you in my life. [Music] More love, more [Music] power, more you my worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my mind. [Music] I will worship you with all of my strength. For you are my [Music] Lord. Oh power love. More love. More power, more of you in my life. More love, more power, more you my life. I will worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my mind. I will worship you with all of my strength. For you are my Lord. Oh, and I will worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my mind. I will worship you with all of my strength. For you are my Lord. You are my [Music] Lord. You are my Lord. Lord God, we thank you father. We thank you, Lord, for your presence this morning, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your spirit, Lord. We thank you for the power that you've had in our lives, Lord God. So many stories in this room, Lord, of how you've changed lives, Lord God, by the power and the strength of your word, Lord God, in this time. Lord, we're here for another portion. Lord, that you can further the work in us, Lord God. We want you to finish the work, Lord. You said you would, Lord. You wouldn't leave us uncomplete, Lord God. So, we want to lay before your feet this morning, Lord God, in a humility, Lord, and just ask that you feed us this morning, Lord God. Feed us of that precious word, Lord God. For we know that you are your word, Lord Jesus. Give us this day, Lord, our bread. Lord, we thank you, Father. How grateful are we, Lord God, for what you do for us, Lord. We can't sing a song strong enough to express ourselves, Lord, because there's no words, especially in this time of the end. Lord, I don't think there's even been a song written, Lord, that could express how we feel about the revelation of the word in this end time, Lord, and what you're showing us, Lord, that we are gods, Lord, as sons and daughters, we are gods. We want to give this service to you this morning, Lord Jesus, with everything that's in our bodies, Lord, our heart, our mind, our strength. We just want to place it all before you, [Music] Lord. Lord, bless our musicians this morning, Lord, and our singers. Bless our technicians, Lord, are very diligent, Lord, about making sure the service is just right, Lord. We thank you, Father, as we stand before the precious purchase of the blood of this congregation. Lord, we just ask that you would have your will once again, Lord, and bless this people. Go to that little front room once again, Lord. Bless our pastor, Lord, and let him bring forth the meal that you've prepared for us with him, Lord. Let nothing hinder it, Lord. Let every evil spirit that might try to hinder just go ahead and get up and leave, Lord, that you may have your perfect will in this house this morning. Bless those who might not have been able to make it, Lord, if they stay home and stream or if they're streaming from another country. Bless them, Lord. May the anointing overflow. And may you give travel mercy to those that are in route still, Lord. You know, you said you wouldn't lose a one, Lord, and that includes this morning's service. So, we thank you, Father. Bless the songs, bless everything, Lord. Bless the preaching. We don't want to be here in vain, Lord. For without you, it would be vanity. Have your will, Lord. We thank you. Give you all glory, honor, and praise in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Let's give him a big clap offering this morning. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Turn around and greet your neighbor and say, "Welcome to the house of the Lord. [Music] Down by the riverside. Down by the river side. I'm going to lay down my burden. Down by the river side. I'm going to stay one more. Well, I ain't going to stay no more. Ain't going to stay. Ain't going to stay no more. Ain't going to stay no more. Ain't going to stay no more. Ain't going to study any word no more. I'm going to lay down my sword and shield down by the river side. Down by the river side down by the riverside. I'm going to lay down my sword and shield down by the river. I'm going to study no more. Well, I ain't going to say you are no more. Ain't going to say no more. Ain't going to say he want no more. Ain't going to say no more. Ain't going to say no more. Ain't going to say no more. Going to try on my long white road. Down by the riverside. Down by the riverside. Down by the riverside, I'm going to try home white road. Down by the riverside, I'm going to stay no more. Well, I ain't going to say no more. Ain't going to say no more. going to die. And did my savior bleed? And did my sorrow? would be more that sacred hand for such power and at the cross. and control. When I first s the burn of my heart [Music] away, I receive my sight. And now I am happy all the [Music] day for Christ that I keep on upon the tree. Amazing beauty [Music] gra away. It was there by I received my sight and now I am blessed for your but can [Applause] never dear Lord I give myself away to all that I can when I run [Music] away. [Music] I am happy. They were in my chamber. They were all one of the four when the Holy Ghost and the promise by [Music] our single Power down. Yes. This power from heaven is with the sound of rushing wind. from the Lord came [Music] down as the Lord said he [Music] was single [Music] power everyone. Yes. This old time was ginger to our father who worship you. If you promise to believe and we all have it too. Oh Lord your power just now. Oh, to the powers of power to the powers of everyone. Oh, sing your power just now. Oh, sing your power just now. The Lord your power turn everyone glory glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Let's sing that again. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I turn it [Music] down, Heat. Heat. [Music] I break down. I feel like shouting. Hallelujah. [Music] I feel like shouting. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Down. I'm burning down since I burn down. I'm burning down. I'm burning down since I listen to this now. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I should my heart. Oh, glory glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I should my feeling so much better since [Music] I feel better. So much better since I burn down [Music] my I glory glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, I don't know why I don't know why the Lord put the songs about burdens on my heart this morning. Maybe somebody's struggling this morning or up until now. Amen. All you got to do is shake that mama. Shake him off. Amen. Y'all can be seated for just a minute. I do have a couple of praise reports here. I got a prayer request and we got a testimony. Amen. We want to welcome uh Brother Greg's brother Bill here this morning. It's good to see him. Amen. And brother Bill, our pastor says we don't have we don't have visitors. So you're part of the family, my brother. It's good to see you all the way from Hawaii. Right. Amen. So y'all Amen. Y'all can tell him aloha at the end of the service. Amen. So, let's go. Let's go with the the first praise report here, the important one. Amen. So, this is from the Isari family, but we going to Hey, we're going to be I isaris this morning. Okay. So, we we would like to thank God for adding another year to Sister Lee Ishiari. Amen. Praise God. [Music] Amen. Says, "We are so proud of the young lady she is becoming. May God continue to protect her and guide her future and give her a great husband." Now, that I didn't. Amen. That will keep her in the word. Amen. And continue to be her everything and all that she does at home and in school. We love you and appreciate you. Amen. That's from your whole church family. Praise God. Amen. And I I I've got a just a little praise report because we we have been um we just want to thank God as a Porter family for everything he's been doing for us. um with my daughter's work. Uh both of my son-in-laws are are um prospering with new jobs and raises and and uh just moving up. And that that makes dad proud that they're taking care of, you know, my daughters and uh and that they're here every every time the doors are open. Amen. That's the important thing. So, I do want to say that just not for the Porter family or the blacks or the spec dos, but he's he's doing lots of stuff for everybody here and he's such a good God. He's so good to us. Amen. Amen. So, I'm going to read this prayer request and then I'm going to ask um Sister Charlene to give her testimony. Amen. Um, and and uh, brother brother Mike came to me and he kind of wanted to kind of downplay it a little bit, but but he he brought it to me. He wanted me to bring it before the congregation. So, it's important. He's having trouble in one of his knees or both of them. One of them, just one. So, we want to ask the Lord to give him a touch this morning. Amen. Praise God. I'm going to ask Brother Hamilton to come up and pray this morning. Amen. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Okay. Let let me get Sister Charlene also to give her testimony. But if y'all didn't hear um you said it was who? Your one of your clients. Her name is Okay. Client's daughter. Her name is Pam as well and she had a breast removed due to cancer and it's moved to the other one. Okay. Request. Um, my chair to being pressed. I've been having this constant headache. Headache. What's a headache to our God? Amen. Amen. But we'll pray, sister. Amen. Use that one. God bless you, saints. I just have a quick testimony. Um, I was in Virginia this weekend for their tent meeting and I was planning on coming home last night after the service and the service ended around 11:00 p.m. and I was going to be on my way home, but then my phone was dying and I wasn't worried about it um cuz I I said I'm just going to go to a gas station, get a charger and charge it on my way home. But I had I went to three different gas stations to find trying to get a charger and none of them would work. Um because my phone was saying that there was water in the port and I know that there was not water in the port. So I was like I don't know what's happening. I tried so many different ways. I was blowing into it. I was um one of the workers at the gas station gave me some canned air to blow into the port to see if I can get the water out and nothing was working. Um I was sitting in the gas station. I was like, I have two choices. I can either sit here and wait until my phone starts uh charging or I can just get on the highway and go home. And I was 2 and a half hours away from home and I was like, I'm just going to get on the highway and find my way home. So, I got I say I'll just drive until I see one of the road signs here says Charlotte, North Carolina, and I'm just going to go. I was like, phone or not, I'm not staying here. So, I got on the road and praise the Lord, I'm here. And the road was very hard. It was raining and foggy, but I made it here. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. GPS. Amen. Come on up, my brother. Let's stand as we go to the Lord this morning. If you have a if you have a a burden on your heart this morning, raise your hand to the Lord and let him know. I'm sure he knows already. Amen. God bless you. All right family, let us pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, Lord, for hearing testimonies, Lord God, that Lord, it proves, heavenly father, that without the electronic devices, Father, Lord, you still know how to guide your children, Father. Lord, you are the north star, Lord God. And with you reigning in our hearts, Lord God, you know how to lead and guide us, Lord God. For you are that everpresent compass, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord, for another opportunity, Lord God, to rejoice with one another, Lord, to praise your name, Lord God, and to hear your word of instruction, Lord, your word of correction. Your word that's going to take us, Lord, another step higher, Lord God. We give you thanks for it, Lord God. For there's many, Lord God, that do not have this opportunity, Lord God, because they're blinded, Lord God. So, we give you thanks for it, Lord God. We don't ever want to become complacent, Lord God, and just be another service, Lord God, where we can shout and praise, Father, but the master speaking, Lord God. And that's the most important thing is to cleave unto every word, Lord God, for your prophet said, "Stay with the word." Father, we thank you, Lord God. Father, we have requests, Lord God, that you know all about, Father. But I believe if we all pray on one accord, Lord God, that the healing of our brother's knee, Lord God, and the headache demon, Father, Lord, that I'm having a battle with as well, Lord God. I know, Father, that you're able, Lord God. And the sister, Lord God, that has the cancer on the breast, Father, Lord, you came in a cancer age, Lord God, to prove, heavenly Father, that there's no demon, there's no devil, Lord God, there's no thought that can be expressed, Lord, above your thought, Lord God, and by your preeminence, Lord God. Lord, we know, Father, that you can bring everything under subjection, Lord, to your power, Lord God. And Father, we ask these things, Father, because you promised in this hour here, Lord, that you would prove, heavenly Father, that the impossible is possible, Lord God. So, Lord, we believe that you can take away the cancer, Lord God. Lord, I believe you can restore the breast, Lord God, because your prophet said that there will come a time, Lord God, where limbs will be restored, Lord God. And if this is not the time Lord God, then when Lord Jesus, Father, we pray, Lord God, for the remainder of the service, Lord God, that you bless the tithes and the offerings for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. Father, we pray, Lord Jesus Christ, for the addition, Lord, that we are endeavoring in, Lord God, that you continue to bless, Lord, the hands that are preparing it, Lord God. Keep them from sickness, Lord. Keep them from distractions, Lord God. And keep the progression moving forward, Lord God. We believe, Lord, that you're able, Lord, to do a supernatural work, Lord God, with the things we commit unto thee, Lord God. Father, we pray Lord God for the pastor Lord God and just that you keep everything Lord God and the subjection Lord to your perfect will in Jesus Christ's precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Brother Ben, we're just going to call you up to sing, my brother. You ready? Okay. Don't be going nowhere. Come on up, my brother. Amen. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] over you. I trust in you, oh Lord. over you. I trust in you. I believe I believe in you. I trust in you, oh Lord, to over you. I trust in you. And I believe I believe you are the God of spirit. You are the God of wonder. You are the God of all powerful. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe you. I trust. In you, oh Lord, you are you. I trust in you. I believe. I believe in you. I trust in you. Oh Lord, over you. I trust in you. I believe I believe you are the God of miracle. You are the God of wonder. You are the God of power. Oh, I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All the way. Well, [Music] down well down well [Music] down well down well. [Music] Now they [Music] will now be well. I got the well down. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Now well Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Now [Music] yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. Amen. Sister Yogi Beth has a special this morning as well. Do you need [Music] this? God bless you. [Music] [Music] Going home. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I'm going home. I'm going back to God. [Music] from a life of sin and bondage. Taskmasters held me bound. [Music] You see, I was living under [Music] pressure constructing Satan's [Music] Edom. Then an angel from God came to me with the word the mystery of who I really am. You said you came from God. You go back to God. Come and live in your in every place that's your feet tread upon that I give to thee. If you you say to that mountain behold, thus thine I shall see. Because you came from God, you go back to God. Come and live. And you're in terror. Oh, every place that go be upon that I give to thee. Oh, if you say to that mountain remove, thine I shall see. Oh yeah. Because you came from God. You go back to God. Come and live in your [Music] endeavor. Divine nature and tributes of God's DNA. You journey into Canaan. Position nothing in Christ alone. The victory is in your hands. Yeah. And with all things under your feet to every enemy you meet, they'll know that you're the end of God. Every place that go be upon my gift to thee. Oh, and if you say, if you say to that mountain remove I tell me why. Because you came from you. Oh yeah. Come and live in your in the light of fallen on our boundaries. Yes, sir. Yes, we know what we can make and everything that falls within our lots. Oh saint, we access it in Christ. We don't just air what he has. We also air who he is. He's our portion, our every place. Oh yes. Oh, I give to I give to thee. And if you do, if you say, "Oh, mountain remove tonight. I shall see." So tell me why [Applause] you go back to God. I live in your in the for ourselves. Yes, Lord. Saints, we know what we can claim. Everything that falls within our hearts, every blessing we accept it in Christ name. We don't just care what he has. We also have who he is. He's our portion in every place. Every place. Oh yes. I give to thee. I give to thee. If you if you say that [Music] mountain tell me why why I'm going back to God and you're in every enemy you meet every enemy you meet put them under your feet put Get under your feet. Death, get under my feet. Death, get under my feet. Sickness, get under my feet. Sickness, get under my feet. Discord, get under my feet. Discord, get under my feet. Hate, get under my feet. Hate, get under my feet. That fighting, get under my feet. Get under my feet. To every enemy you meet, to every enemy you meet, put them under your feet. Put them under your feet. Hate, get under my feet. Hate, get under my feet. Greed, get under my feet. Greed, get under my feet. Adult tree, get under my feet. Adult tree, get under my feet. Lust, get under my feet. Weakness, get under my feet. Get under my feet. Get under my feet. Weakness, get under my feet. Weakness, get under my feet. Cancer, get under my feet. Cancer, get under my feet. Headache, get under my feet. Headache, get under my feet. Knee pain, get under my feet. Knee pain, get under my feet. Sickness stay under my feet. Sickness stay under my feet. Take every enemy you meet. To every enemy you meet. Put them under your feet. Put them under your feet. To every enemy you meet. To every enemy you need. Put them under your feet. Put them under your feet. Bondage. Get under my feet. Get under my feet. Sickness stay under my feet. Sickness stay under my feet. Satan is under your feet. [Music] Because you came from God. You the man. Oh yeah. Come and live it. Sing. Because you came from God. Because you came from God. We're going to die. Come and live and you're in heaven. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Woo. I think we in for it this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's bring our pastor out this morning with the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Only believe. Oh, believe. All things are possible this morning. Only [Music] believe. Oh believe. Oh belie. All things are possible. only believe. Let's raise our hands. Sing Lord I believe. Lord I believe. [Music] Lord I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are impossible. Lord, [Music] one more time. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus is here. All things are [Music] possible when Jesus is king. Jesus is king. Jesus is king. [Music] All things are impossible. [Music] Jesus is here. Amen. You believe it. Let's give him a big clap of Thank you. Thank you, musician. Thank you very much. Wonderful. Wonderful. And I don't know how to thank God for the congregation and the musician and everything. I was even thinking myself back there. I say, "Is that fair for me staying here in the room?" And everybody else is enjoying over there. Amen. Glory, glory, glory to God. You might be seated a little bit. Let me go over my uh checklist. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and uh Savior Jesus Christ. both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family members here? We do not have visitors. Brother Bill from Ohio, second time again. God bless you. You right in the midst of your family. God richly bless you and good to see you again. And Sister Diamond, good to see you this morning. Mara works so hard. Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome. and my sister here. God richly, bless you. Welcome again to spoken word. You know what? Let me do something. You just stand so we can give you a warm welcome. Sister Diamond, Brother Bill, let's go. Praise God. Thank you very much. You might be seated. So, you're part of the family. Don't feel strange like you are visiting. Uh uh uh uh uh uh here. You want to say amen? Say amen. Amen. You want to shout, shout. You feel like you need a vent, vent yourself. If somebody have a problem with that, you see me, I got a coat. Amen. Brother Brandham say, "Sister Best will get so much under the anointing until she will scream." And brother Brandham was even missing her. Amen. I got a quote on it. So if you got a problem, either you tell me, I put it there so we free the sisters. Amen. If you quiet, stay with your nature. If somebody's loud, leave them alone. So let everybody else enjoy. [Applause] Amen. Oh, glory to God. It's starting this way. I don't know if I will finish my sermon. Amen. Oh my. Everybody's looking nice. Praise God. Oh, glory, glory, glory to God. I told sister Cheron again this morning. I say you look beautiful. With those colors sparkling, I said I say this is for me. Really? Okay, don't worry. We'll take about it in a couple's meeting. But at least have I said something wrong. Okay. Praise be to the name of the Lord. I believe you are all up to date with the sermon. We're reading our Bible twice a day. Our cood book church ages 70 weeks of Daniel the seals adoption or sabbandi is listening to the message of the hour. Amen. Sister Sharon hand up to be fortunate to be my wife. So if you have a problem hearing her name on the pulpit that's your problem because me and her we are one. So you can't talk about me without talking about her. So that was just a tommo missile that was flying somewhere. Amen. To just make sure we quieten the atmosphere. Amen. The question and answer. I'm still waiting on the deacon for our next quarterly meeting. And Lord's willing, our married couple part six will be on May 10th, which is going to be next uh Saturday. And if you got a guest and they want to come, just let us know ahead of time so we make sure we give them a a warm welcome and uh uh make sure they're comfortable and they don't feel like they knew or the visitors or something like that. And if there is any question, just do the best if you can put it by Wednesday. So I make sure as I'm going through the series and we will go ahead. I will see what I will do by the grace of God. My purpose is to get in birth control and start it from the scripture and lay it down completely so we can see what does the prophet say because we got too uh uh sad in the message. One say no, one say yes. We need to put it together and then find out what does not what a preacher say. What does the Bible and the message of the hour say? What does the prophet say? Enough with what preacher says or preacher so we want to hear the word. the word and nothing but the word. Amen. And then on June the 7th which will be the youngsman meeting and we will pick up right there and start on courtship. I believe I got everything clear. Brother Robert, brother Tony, brother Glenn, we got a baby dedication this morning. The baby was born, but the doctor asked for the baby to stay a little bit longer at home because of allergies and everything. But by the grace of God, now he's free to come to service. And now the baby's here this morning. It's uh uh the son of brother patient and sister Isabella. So it has been a while since you've seen sister Isabella. Now she's here this morning and the baby name is William. [Applause] So the musician are not here. I forgot about it. So you all the congregation will sing bring them in as they coming in. So let's go. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the Br. Bring them in. Bring the little one to Jesus. Brother Patient and sister Isabella, you can turn so the congregation can see you. They look good. Beautiful. A little bit closer. A little bit. Ah, that's the way we want it. It looks like he want to renew the marriage vow again because you look so great. Let me read something in the scripture. And according to the message of the hour, so we we we you you have an anchorage. According to the book of Luke 18 verse1 15, the Bible says, "And they brought unto him also what?" You got one right there. That he would touch them. But when his disciples saw it, they rebuked them. But Jesus called them unto him and say, "Suffer little children to come unto me and forbid them not for of such is the kingdom of God." Amen. And brother Brown, I mean the message, the token after the opening of the seal, he says, "You know, when I see little fellows like that, he always take me back when I was a little boy. And now the old saying is you know they on your feet now and your heart later. I don't believe in that curse. Brother Brandham say but I don't believe it. It shall be so when we dedicate them to the Lord. How many believe in dedication of babies? So a dedication is a protection. It's a covering. You are taking the baby back to the original owner. You taking the baby and telling God, "This is your baby. We appreciate your gift, but we know that we cannot control what is going on in this life. He only take the supervision of the Holy Spirit to make sure they keep the baby in line with the word." Brother Brandham say, "I don't believe it shall be so when we dedicate them to the Lord." We have a responsibility here and God placed this in your hand. He made a preacher out of you. He made a preacher out of you. I always say about women preachers, you know, but every mother is who? Preacher. Here is her congregation. See to raise these little fellows right while daddy is doing what? Not playing on the internet working. And you got a responsibility. God bless you both. You got a fine little family. Amen. This is not the only baby I'm dedicating. There is more to come. For your information, FYI, for your information, there are many babies to come. Amen. Amen, brother Stephen. So, let me get baby. He changed my body. Hey, he's wide awake. Start looking more turning toward mommy now. Yes. Okay, baby. Let me give you congratulation, my brother and sister. Congratulation again, baby William. Man, I don't want my wife to see this. Did you see that? Oh, wonderful, wonderful. Praise God. You okay, buddy? Okay, let's go ahead and you pray with me. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly again. Father this morning thanking you for your grace, your love, your mercy that have provided such a wonderful bundle of love. A gift that is coming from thee Lord to bless this family and bless the church. Lord, as you spoke to us through your word, you gave it to us and now we are bringing baby William Bbe onto the hand, Lord. Father, we pray that the angel that was ordained to oversee this baby be always there, Lord. Father, may your blood protect him because these are seed that have come in the end time when the world is completely in turmoil, Lord. But Father, we believe there is a purpose for this child to be born in such a time, Lord. Father, may you bless him and bless not only him, but bless mama and daddy, Lord. Father, grant unto them the wisdom they need, Lord. Father, to raise this child in the fear and admonition of the Lord. Father, we rebuke every spirit of sickness, any attack from the world of darkness, anything that the devil will try to sabotage this gift. Lord, let that this gift stand as a testimony to declare again, Lord, Father, that you are still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, bless him and give him a good health. We commit him unto their hand and bless this family in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you. Congratulation. All right, baby. It's so quiet. Praise God. Congratulation again. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a big clap offering. The last time I baptized, brother Robert told me that I was a professional already. So now I don't know about baby dedication where I am at in a mast's or PhD. I'm not sure yet. Oh, somebody say PhD. Oh, praise be to the name of the Lord. Brother Glenn, I believe we got everything covered. So, I will try the best if you do good today, the next time, then next Wednesday, the next Sunday, we will get where we supposed to be doing. Okay. Yeah. There was something popping up in the night. I keep pushing. I say somebody will try to pull again today. So, we need to rush like leave me on the highway so we can move on forward. Amen. Glory to God. So let's stand now for the reading of the word. My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph's five garment part 59. Praise God. Amen. My theme this morning is a multi-purpose life. Is the word difficult? Okay. A multi a multi- purpose life. In other word, it's a life that doesn't have only one purpose. It's a life that have several many purposes. Amen. A multi-purpose life. Because when we say purpose, we always look at one thing and now we want to broaden that. Now it's a bundle of purposes put together into one purpose. Amen. It's not just about Joseph ruling. It's Joseph ruling, Joseph interpreting dream, Joseph saving people from Canaan all over the land. And Joseph also displaying Jesus Christ. So there is more to Joseph than just Joseph. We clear on that one. So flight attendant prepare for takeoff. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace. You of your mercy and for healing baby William, Lord. And to see him healthy and looking good. It is nothing but an expression of love from thee. Lord, we have done the best that we can do with the ability you have given us. But when it comes to ministering your word, Lord, to speak to your children and interpreted, he only take the supernatural action of the Holy Spirit. Father, may you move me completely out of the way. May you move the audience, both visible and invisible, out of the way. May you be the one speaking, the one interpreting, the one filling, blessing, healing, and the one doing everything because we depend upon thee. We commit everything be the alpha and the omega. the beginning and the ending of this service in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's go to Jeremiah 29. Glory to God. Everybody slept good. Okay. Praise God. I slept late. Woke up early for some reason and start praying. So God knows there's a purpose for that. Jeremiah 29, this is where we have been there. You know what it is, right? We clear. Glory to God. Let's go to verse one. I will skip certain verses and those that I'm going to skip down the road, we will pick them up because if I touch them now, we gone. I'm not going to touch anything. So let's see if we do good. So what I skipped today, we pick it up next Sunday and we see because there are many stuff laying here. Now according to verse one, the Bible says that now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem to the residue or the rest of the elders which were carried away captive and to the priest and to the prophet and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon. You may be seated. So clearly here we find out that Jeremiah stayed in Jerusalem. He did not go to captivity. Are we clear? So there was a residue. There was a a certain group of people that were taken captive by Nebuchadnezzar all the way to Babylon. Now Jeremiah sent them a letter, a letter of a prophecy of what God is trying to say to those people that are there. Because over there they got priesthood, they got prophet and things were happening there. And Jeremiah already prophesied that it's going to take how many years? 70 years. 70 years. But he sent them a letter. We clear? Job to verse four. In verse four, the Bible says, "Thus says the Lord of host, the God of Israel, to all that are carried away captive." We clear? Amen. Come on. whom I have caused to be carry away to be carried away from Jerusalem to Babylon. So who caused that carrying away? Who initiated it? God caused it. We clear? So if God calls something, ask God before you move. Amen. God is the one that moved them and put them there and God say you will stay there for 70 years. Then preacher priest begin to come up and begin to pray. They say no no no no you're going to go early. Wow. We clear verse eight. This is why God is sending this letter. I will I have skipped uh verse 56. will pick it up. Verse 8, he says, "For thus sayith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, let not your prophets," we understand now, " you deceive you." Neither hearken to your dream, which you cause to be dream. You so much under pressure, you think about something all day. Guess what? You going to dream about it? I have a question and answer about a dream for my like two years. The Lord doesn't give me a chance to get there. But we will get and you will understand how dreams operate. Are we together? Are we together? The Bible says verse n for they prophesy falsely to you in my name. I have not sent them say the Lord. For thus says the Lord, that after, not before, my friend. In other word, any prophecy that is contrary, any dream that is contrary to the prophecy of Jeremiah doesn't come from God. That's right. That's why Paul say if any one of you think you're spiritual remember that word I'm saying it's a commandment from the Lord it's a letter that was sent right it was written in a letter in tracks and it was sent in tracks whatever is contrary to the tracks come on of the prophet God didn't Amen. Are we clear? Easy. Praise God. He says, "For after 70 years be accomplished at Babylon," we on verse 10, brother uh Benjamin, "I will visit you and perform my good words toward you in causing you to return to this water." Are we clear? Amen. So go ahead and start fasting before 70 years. You will see a kidney doctor, my friend. Amen. Relax in your life. Don't stress up your life. Okay? It's not how much you doing the work. Relax, my friend. All is well. Are we together? Amen. For I know They thought that I think toward you. How can you tell somebody in captivity I know? I'm already suffering and you telling me I know. And you are telling me I have to wait 70 years. Then you come, you say I know. So what am I doing right here? The 70 years was to give the land remember rest. Because they abuse the land. They overwork the land. Yes, they were working till Sunday. Don't worry about it. Okay, they were working till sun. They overwork the land until God say, "Uh-uh, I need the land to recover 70 years." So when you go back, the land will be so fresh, full of stuff for 70 years. Amen. Because if God sent you before, the land is not recovering yet. By you praying, you say you want to go there. God where? In an in an abused land. Verse 11. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, says the Lord. Thoughts of what? Peace. You know that what it means now, right? And note of what? Evil. To give you an expected end. We clear on that one. So the thinking, the plans of God was good. Yes. Even taking them to Babylon. Amen. He was good. He had a purpose. Are we together? God say, "Stay there. I know what I'm doing." After 70 years, you don't have to worry about it. I'm I am the one who carry you away. After 70 years, the same way I took you away, I'm coming to pick you up. No problem. my friend. Verse 12, then shall you call upon me. You see, when you start calling upon him, sir, you can call before, but if you call before, just know you're staying right there. You have to pray a different prayer before 70 years. I will show you that next Sunday. If you do good today, you cannot pray to leave. No, sir. You have to pray a different prayer. Amen. Because the purpose is dictating the the the answer of prayers. Are we okay? He said then shall you call upon me and you shall go and do what? Pray unto me and I will do what? Hearken unto you. At that point when you pray I listen. Amen. Before if you pray to leavem Israel have to say 400. Right. Amen. It's not going to work my friend. If you don't understand these things, you will be a Pentecoster in this message and you're going to stretch your life for 10 years. And after 10 years, everything is delivered and you already have a high blood pressure. Wow. Amen. Amen. And now you need to start praying to remove the high blood pressure. Because you didn't understand those element. Are we together? All right. Let's go to Matthew 13. You're doing good, my friend. This is not milk. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yeah. You ate long enough, then you can begin to get some stuff. Amen. You can begin to crack some bones. Amen. Amen. Amen. Matthew 13. If you think this is strange, wait for what is coming up. Matthew 13. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Verse 24. You there? Amen. All right. Another parable put he forth to them. We already prayed. Saying, the kingdom of heaven is like to a man which seweth water. good seed in his field. Okay, before I continue, we need to clarify this thing so it makes sense. If not, we will be moving without knowing how we going. Job to verse 37. Then we come back again. You there? Amen. He answered and said to them, he that sawth the good go to verse 36. Then Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house and his disciple came to him saying, "Declare to us the parable of the tears of the field." If you read Matthew 13 from the beginning, Jesus spoke about other parables. That's right. But the disciple never asked about the other one. Only this one. That's right. We clear now? Verse 37. He answered and said to them, he that seth the good seed is who? The son of man. So the swer here, the swer is who? Son of man. The son of man. And who is the son of man? The one that was talking. It is Christ himself. We clear? Amen. So now when we read, we know who is the ser. We clear? Amen. Verse 38. The field is what? The world. We understand now. This world here is the field of the son of man. We clear. Come on. The good seed are the what? Children of the kingdom. But the tears are the children of what? The wicked one. So the good seed, the good seed here are people. [Applause] I told you about what was coming up. Okay, let me go your way. They are children. Children of who? Children of who? The kingdom. Kingdom of God. And the tears are who? Children of the wicked one. Children of the devil. So now we clear about the parable. Right? We all clear. Now let's go back to verse 24. Now another parable put he forth to them saying the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man. We know that man now. It is who? The son of man. A man which saw water good seed in his field. If you notice the seed is good. Amen. The seed is good. Are we clear? And we know that good in the Bible means what? You you have a problem with that? No. You know the rich young ruler, right? Good master. God said there is no one who is good but what? So good sir in the Bible is who? So this God seed [Applause] are we together? Amen. This God seed are the children of God. Are we together? Are we together? Let's make it a little bit harder. Go back up to verse three. Go to verse three of Matthew uh Matthew 13. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. The Bible say, "And he spoke many things to them in parable, saying, behold, a ser now, went forth to sow." We clear? Amen. And when he saw some seeds, if you notice, seeds is plural. Are we together? The seeds are plural. My God. The Bible say seeds, it's plural. Amen. Some seed fell by the wayside and the father and the fouls came and devoured them up. Are we together? Amen. Down the road we know that the seeds are the children of the kingdom. But here they are also seeds. We clear? And we need to know this seed here is who? Amen. We clear. Amen. If you turn, do not do it. I save you some time. If you turn into Luke 8 verse 5, Luke repeat the same parable. And Luke say a ser is went out to sow what? Seed. It is the seed of the swer. Amen. But the swer is the son of man. That's right. And if you notice here, Luke put seed singular. Are we together? Are we together? Uh he says some the seed that was singular becomes plural. He say his seed singular and as he swed. Wow. Amen. You understand? Amen. Some the seed now is multiply. Amen. Yes sir. Amen. So all the seed make one seed. Are we together? Are we together? He says some fell by the wayside and he was what? Down. And the fouls of the air did what? power. And when you drop to Luke 8:1, Jesus said that now the parable is this the seed is what? The word of God. Now the seed is what? The word of God. But the seed was what? children of God. And the seed is what? The word of God. And it's a good seed. It is a God seed. And a God seed is a person. And that person is also the word. Yes, sir. If I lost you, you raise your hand. My friend, let me start it again. My friend, according to Matthew 13, good deity seed are people. Amen. It's a children of God. A child of God is a good seed. It's a God seed. But a seed also is the word. So a child of God is a word. Yes, sir. Have I lost somebody? Okay. Praise God. Brother Robert, if you notice in first Peter 1 verse 23, the Bible say that when we are born again, you follow me? Being born again, not of what? Corruptible seed. But what? Incorruptible by what? The word of God, which does what? Liveth and abideth forever. So there is another word of God that liveth. Yes. Amen. And that word ab forever. It's a word that can talk. That's right. Amen. Amen. A word that doesn't die forever. And that word is incorruptible. And it's called the law go. That's exactly what it is. So when you are born again, Peter is saying that you are born again by the word of God that is coming toward you. Amen. But my question is you are already the word. So what is the new birth then? [Music] Have I lost somebody? So what is the new birth now? There is a pillar of fire who is the word of God that liveth forever. But you also you are the word of God. There is a word of God, Jesus Christ. And there is a word of God, Tony Thompson. [Applause] Is that hard? There is a word of God called Jesus Christ. But there is also a word of God. Yes, sir. That is called Christy. Amen. That's right, brother. And when you are born again, one come toward the other. Yes, brother. Glory. Glory. Glory. Are we together? Are we together? Glory to God. Brother Steph, these are two separate parable. How do you put them together? Because I got a prophet. Brother Brham says, "A swer went forth and did what?" Sow seed. And while he slept, another ser came by water. Sow tears. He went ahead and told the parable. The disciple could not understand it. Jesus did water. Explain to them. He said the ser is who? The son of man and the field is water the earth and the seed is the water word of God. Now brother Brandham put the two parable together. Brother Brandham say amen. The seed is water. The word of God. Whatever God's word say it is water. Seed. And you also you are a seed. But let's solve this problem once for all. Okay. Please keep your seat belt because I'm going to take off from the airport. Brother Brham says in the God who is rich in mercy. He says many of you can fellowship with me on water. Yes. In other words, many of you can find yourself in this same situation like brother Brham. What is that situation? The situation brother Brandham say when you was a little boy or a little water girl. So both of you are together. You would walk around and there will be certain things that would just where it would not bother the kids. Amen. I'm putting everything together. It seems like there was something where in you. That thing is where? In you. Amen. Hallelujah. When you were fighting with your friend, there was something in you. Yes, sir. When you were drinking alcohol, there was something in you. Where you were smoking marijuana? Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, sir. There was something in you when you were watching that pornography. There was something in you that didn't like it. It is a good son. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? He says there was something in you that did what? Cried out. Brother Brandham say there was a God somewhere. Yet you were a what? Sinner. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. So when you were a sinner, you were God. [Applause] [Applause] That's right. When you were a sinner, you were the word of God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Today internet will fly. Amen. He says there were a god where? Somewhere. Somewhere where? There were a god somewhere yet you were what? A sinner. You remember that? Congregation stay quiet. Amen. Congregation says what? Amen. H if you don't find yourself that's your problem. He said congregation says what? Amen. Certainly. Now, what was that? Praise your holy name. Can we read? That was the leader form of life where in you then. Hallelujah. Did you have eternal life? You see how you have a problem answering? He says, "And then after a while, you heard what the gospel." Maybe you went to what? Church. You picked up this and that and went from what? Denomination to denomination. But one day, you being part of who? You had to be part of what? The word. In other words, you are a a a fragment of the word. You are a portion of God. You are a piece of God. He says you you you have to be part of the word. And when you heard what the word, you know where you come from. You know what was what? True. You were always always when you were sinner. Always what? The seed. The seed was where? In you always. The seed is what? The word of God. Word of God. The word of God was where? In you always. When? Always he say you was you were always the seed was in you how always the word seen the word that was in you [Applause] sir is it complicated where is brotherham getting this stuff now today you understand that's why never challenge a prophet because the prophet is perfectly in line with the Bible Brother Brandham said, "The word sees the word in you. The pillar of fire saw the word in you. The seed sees the seed in you." Because you are the word and God is the word. The word son of man saw the word set. The word Jesus Christ saw the world. Michael the word Jesus Christ saw the world Olivia. And then the word married the word. Are we together? The word seen the word that was where that was before the foundation of what? He saw the word and you come to it. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. When you were a sinner, where was that devil? Now that you become the word, Amen. Right, brother? What is the devil? Because when you were ignorant of your weapon, he could not do anything. Amen. Now you are aware of your weapon. What do you think happened? Let me continue. Let's go back to our scripture. We on Matthew 20, Matthew 12. Which verse, my friend? Uh Matthew 13. Which verse are we at? 25. 24. We there. Amen. The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which seth what? Good seed in his field. Now we understand what it means. Now remember it's good seed. Good means God. So you are the word of God. That's why the word could come to you. The word come to the word. Amen. We understand now the Bible says but while men slept his enemy so this son of man already have an enemy amen. Are we together? Yes. Remember the son of man is sowing good seed. Amen. The project of the son of man is for the seed to reproduce themsself according to their own identity. So the son of man sowed God and he was expecting for God to come out. [Applause] The son of man sold the word. So the crop that is coming up will be nothing but the word. Are we together? The son of man sold God. The crop that is coming is a divine crop. So the plan of the son of man is for good crops. We together. We together. Verse 25. But while men slept, his enemy came and did what? So tear among what? To wheat. And went what? His way. Why didn't the enemy sow the tear before the wheat? Come on now, brother. Come on now, brother. Come on, brother. When the field was empty, the enemy doesn't do anything. I hope we are together. Are we together? When the son of man pulled the seeds and begin to sow divine s. Amen. And so Charlene, and so brother patient and so Tramen and so brother Tony when the se when the son of man begin to sow. Are we together? Amen. He was sowing good good seed. You follow me? The presence of good seed trouble the enemy. [Music] The one who called the enemy to come is the nature of the seed. Because the seed is good. It can only develop with evil. [Applause] [Music] Amen. If this is too strong, you tell me. But I don't have any choice. I'm going to sh this into you, my friend. Are we together? Are we together? The thoughts of God are not evil. They are for good to give you an expected end so that at the end time you going to become a god but that thought to always pull something the nature of the crop is what bring the trouble the enemy when he saw you and he knew who you were amen Amen. Amen. The enemy say I cannot leave this crop like this. I need to put some trouble maker in the church. [Music] [Applause] Let me leave it. Amen. Can I continue? Can I continue? We clear. We getting somewhere. Verse 26. Go ahead, my friend. But when the blade was what? Sprung up and brought forth what? Ah, there appear what? Amen. If this son of man knew that he has his enemy. Why didn't he protect his field? Yeah, brother. Amen. Good question. Amen. Because his enemy always is there to sabotage you. But the son of man left the field open to the enemy and the enemy say ah now he's not around. He's sleeping. Men are sleeping. Okay, let me go ahead and now begin to throw certain things there so he will be surprised. We clear verse 27. So the servant of the householder came and said to him, "Sir, did you uh did not you sow what? Good seeds. Good children in your field. From where then cometh what tears?" So who attracted the tears? Don't worry, we will get there. Who attracted? Remember it's the attribute. You remember that Sunday that pull trouble. It's it it's what God is trying to accomplish in your life that is what pull trouble [Music] no trouble nothing you don't worth anything we clear are we together oh God help me verse uh uh 28 he says to them a what an enemy how did he know he was an enemy so if you know that he was an enemy me. Why didn't you protect the field? Amen. And you are putting good seed. Would you leave good seed to the mercy of everything? No. The good seed work somewhere. Can I continue? He says he says to them, "An enemy has done it." The servant said to him, "Will you then that we go and do what?" Gather them up. In other word, so these things are going to cause trouble to your seed. Yes, sir. Amen. We want your seed to grow easily. Amen. Prospering. Amen. Without trouble, a quiet environment, everybody loving you. If you bump here, it's a seed. You bump here, it's a God. You bump there, it's a God. You go here, it's a God. You move for backward, God. You go forward, God. You sleep, God. So, let's go ahead and remove the tears so we can clean up the environment. It looks good. But it's contrary to the purpose. [Music] [Applause] My friend, are we together? I hope we don't have stairs here. Amen. Amen. Because brother Brandham said the word tear means brier. It means we and brother Brandham give all type of terms that he knows. There are many of them but they are put there to okay let me continue. The Bible says and then he says verse 9 29 but he says to them what nay means what Lord there is trouble with the good seed let's go remove the trouble so the seed will go good the son of man say why not He says, "Nay, lest water you gather up the tears while you gather up the tears, you root up also the wheat with them." So trying to remove that evil, I'm reading the Bible. It will cause you also trouble. Amen. In other word, your development. Right. Require those tears. Amen. Lord, remove those tears. Remove those tears. Remove those TH. Okay. Don't worry. Don't worry, my friend. Anyway, I don't even expect amen on this because I know when we are cramming, right? Read there. Verse 30. Let both do what? Grow together. This is hard stuff, my friend. So when the son of man is coming with his irrigation, he's watering. Take your time, brother. He's watering. What is the purpose of the son of man? To water who? His own seed. His own seed. But guess what? Who else is getting the the the water? Take the tower. So when the anointing is coming down [Applause] Yes sir. Yes sir. That's why I have to be me because I don't know who you are. Yes sir. Because the anointing is sent for me. Are we together? Are we together? The intent of the rain, of the water, of the irrigation is not for the te but the tear being under the same field also get the blessing. [Applause] Is that complicated? But the only problem is the wit change toward and become more God. But the thing won't change [Applause] [Music] if you sit under an atmosphere like this for a long time and you don't change. Watch out. [Applause] Five years you still mean. Watch out because the water is coming so you can become God. [Applause] But if you don't change, something is wrong. Because the water doesn't change the nature. You become bad. Yes sir. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Jesus said, "Don't don't remove it. Leave them together." Because if you remove one, you cause trouble to the other. When do we remove them? Verse 29, he said, uh, verse 30, let both of them do what? Grow together. Until when? The harvest. Do you know what the harvest means? The harvest means you have reached maturity. Amen. So when you reach maturity that's when they come and remove the tear. In other words, the tear, you must love the love your enemy. Love your enemy. The one who does bad for you, he's actually fertilizing. [Applause] He's there as a fertilizer. [Applause] until maturity. [Applause] So enemy do your job. Me I do my job. You keep troubling the church. Me I'm moving forward with the church. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Are we together? Either you going to move with the church or you going to do the daddy job. But remember your daddy job made spoken word prosper. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? I didn't write the Bible. I'm only reading the Bible. Brother Tony, are we together? He says you leave them till the harvest. In other words, it is very important for your maturity. Amen. Remember the field is what? So in this world your maturity require the devil is working for you my friend. All the headache sir. All the pain, everything that is going on, it is shaping you up to become more God. [Music] Remember, you won't change. You will you you will always be God. But to bring God out of you, you need a Pharaoh with a heart that is hardened. An unconverted Pharaoh. Because the more Pharaoh hardened, the more the miracle multiply. Can I continue? The Bible say, "Let both of them do what?" Grow together until what? The harvest. And in the time of the harvest, I will gather. I will say to the reapers, do what? Gather, gather together first the water, the tears. And do what? Bind them in the bundle to be water. Burn them. This is another mystery. But gather the wheat into water. in my barn. So we clear now? The good seed is what brought the bad seed because the bad seed are important to fertilize the soil so that the good seed can grow very good. Are we together? Now let's go to Ephesians 2. I'm almost going to be finished with the reading of the Bible. Ah yeah yeah yeah. When you go to heaven, that's where there is no tears. But in here, you need tears. That's why Joseph could go and say, "Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, this spirit upon pifer house, go back to hell in Jesus name. You need that to tell a lie. So you move you to the next station. I cast the devil. It's not going out. Jesus say some devil need to go by fasting. Uhhuh. Mrs. Matifa in Jesus name. You see her tomorrow. Hey cutie. [Music] You must stand as a child of God to prove to her that I don't bow down to this type of spirit. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Uhhuh. Where are we at? Ephesians 2 verse uh uh 10 if you there. Glory to God. If you don't understand this thing, you will be suffering. Amen. For we are what? His workmanship. You know what it means, right? We are his masterpiece. Amen. We are his workmanship. The workmanship of God. We are his workmanship created where? In Christ Jesus. To what? To good works. Amen. Walk on the work. Good works. How is the seed? Good. Good. Good seed. And your work that you were created for are what? Good works. Good works. And good means what? God. So your work is the work of who? God. Because you are who? God. [Music] Created unto good work. Amen. Let's see when those work was put in you created unto good works. You there which God had what? Before before ordained before what? Ordained. In other words, God already plan that we should do what? Walk with them. So those work you you pray in them or you walk in them. Do you have to do anything? That's why that's why that's why you will see people treated you bad. And you make decision. You sign paperwork. You finish your whole war from this time, from that time. I would never do this, this, this. And after a while, you just feel like I need to help them. You just can't help being bad because you were predestinated to good work. [Applause] Even if you want to be bad, you will feel something in you say uh just forgive them. Give them what they want. It means you are God. [Music] Amen. Because your father sent the rain on the just and the unjust. So you can't help but to be God because you were ordained to be God and to show off the work of God. [Applause] [Music] Are we good? So you are good seed and you were predestinated for good work. So in you it is good. Amen. Amen. Amen. But when you are too good like that, there is a problem. Let's go to Romans 7. Amen. What is the problem of you being good and predestinated for good work? Let's go to Romans 7, my friend. We almost there, my friend. Romans 7 verse 18. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. For I know that in me that is where dwelleth water because inside you you are good. Take your time brother. Take your time. Take your time. Mr. Eva must come a little bit closer to help the good in you grow. Is that okay? Flesh. This is you. You You are good. Remember the attribute of good pull somebody it brings evil because good develop in the midst of evil. Paul say in me in my flesh I found that there is evil. Why is evil in the flesh? Amen. Verse uh 18 he say for I know that in me that is where in my flesh dwelleth what? no good thing for to will is present with me. But how to perform that which is good, I do what? I find none. So somebody's troubling Paul. Amen. Verse 19. For the good that I would do, I do not. But the what? The evil which I would not that I do. In other words, I don't want to do it, but I find myself trapped. Amen. That's why Paul is crying Christ remove this stand Paul stay with him take him till full redemption show to him that you are God bring him under subjection let him obey you teach him a lesson teach thy evil a lesson tell him when I speak you quiet because I am God. When he doesn't want to go to church, you tell him you you going to church and you going to praise God and I'm going to show you you will obey me. Before you know it, he begin to obey because he help you develop who you are. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together my friend? This help our Christian walk to go to become now easy to become something that we enjoy because we know which button to push [Music] if you look at something if you're going on the road and there is a billboard that is bad and you do this and you do this Yeah, brother. The one who did this is not you. You don't ask forgiveness for that. Because he was trapped by the devil. Amen. Even though the devil say you saw it, you say, "Hey, he was on my way and my auto medic moved. I will ask forgiveness if I go back again but I won't go back because we are trouble too much with petty little things. You need to understand who you are because those little stuff make our walk like it's too burdensome every day. It's like a problem. No, be free. I didn't put that billboard. I was walking by it. My head move. That's your problem. [Music] If not, you will be all the time. Jesus. Jesus. Look at the way women are dressed. It is summer. I didn't tell them to dress like that. I won't be repenting all day. I know who I am. I didn't leave my house to last. Yes sir. Amen. I hope somebody's coming. Where are we at, my friend? Which one? 19. For the good that I would do, I do not. But the evil which I would not, that I do. Now, if I do that, I would not, it is no more I This take bones to crack this. It is no more I that do it, but what that dwelleth where? In me. Can I continue? Verse 21. I found then a law that when I would do what? Good. Evil is what? You were predestinated to do good work. But when you want to do good, evil is present. Yes sir. Amen. With Nem, we would know it today as the law of what? Contrast. That where there is good, there is what? Evil. Where there is right, there is what? Wrong. And we will never No matter what environment may be ever be able to do what? Shake ourselves from the presence of Ed. Amen. Don't worry my friend because Paul say when I do what good then what evil's present the sinner will never be able to shake away from the Christian and the Christian from what the sinner there will be a witness there of right and a witness of what wrong how many times always and you make your choice you have to take the side one side or what but you got to stand for what is right Because you know you are a good seed for orained for good work. So God sent you here for a purpose to manifest who is God. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Oh my God. Oh praise God. Glory to God. Amen. Brother Brham says this that I ask him for something sometime he shake his head and he says what? And I just rejoice as much that as I can. If he says what? Yes. Because if he knows if it's his will it's a whole lot of better than what? Yes. If it's the will to do it that is when you really do what? So now at this point we understand that our prayer goes with time. He goes with season and he also goes with purpose because according to Ecclesiastes 3:1 to everything there is a what and a time to every purpose where under the heaven remember those principle my friend and you will uh uh stay away from brother pressure. Brother Brham gave us an advice. He say never be hasty. See, do what? Take your time and have what? Faith. If we have asked God for what? Anything. Remember, God answers what? Prayer. But he's going to do it in his time, in his season, and according to his purpose. Amen. Are we together? He does it in his time. The way that is what? Best. And makes a work just right for what? Us. So we know that the your purpose can never be defeated. You know that right? Brother Brandham says this my friend. He says Satan could not take them. He could not drawn Noah in the flood. Until what? The purpose of God has been fulfilled. He could not burn up the Hebrew children until what? The purpose of God had been finished. He could not kill Job with boil and trouble until what? The purpose of God had been finished. Neither could the lion eat Daniel. Until what? God's purpose had been finished. Neither could death an old age take Abraham. Until what? The purpose of God had been finished. And neither can he take you. Amen. Come on. Or can he take who? Me. until what? The purpose of God of our life is what? Finished. So if God already took brother Brham, what does he mean? The purpose is finished. Where is your return ministry standing for? [Applause] You waiting for brother Brham to open the seals. Brother Brham cannot die without fulfilling that which God sent him to do. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. So we gather from there a what? Consolation. That that was paragraph 42 43. Brother say and why does God let trouble come? Are we together? He says God does what? Trouble. In other words, he controls trouble. put a bit in the mouth and makes it water. Obey him. And those trouble bring us into a water a fellowship with God. The test are important. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? God uses the fire of the trouble to cook you well to prepare you well to light your candle. Amen. Hallelujah. To develop you more. Because there is a key with trouble. Glory to God. Brother, I mean the church ages say think it not strange concerning what the fiery trials that are and that are to try you. That is what Peter did. What sir? Isn't strange that God want us to develop a what? Christlike character that comes through what? Suffering. No sir. And we all have what trials. We are all water. Trials and water chasing. Not one but goes through water. That the church that is not suffering. Uhhuh. Come on. Yes sir. Remember you are a church. Remember you are church. The church that is not suffering. Amen. And is not being what? Try. Has not got it. Got it. Amen. Amen. Let me read it again. My friend, the church that is not what suffering and is not being watered has not gathered. It is not of God. Amen. [Music] [Applause] And I got a news for you. Spoken word 100% from God. That's right. Amen. Because this church has been tried and has suffered. It is a proof that it came from God. Amen. Your suffering and your and your trial is a proof of where you coming from. That's right. Because your development requires that. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Yeah, we talking about a multi-life purpose. Brother Steven, you have not even start touching on it. Oh, glory to God. What? H how do we get in the purpose? Brother Brandham say when we are expecting saying this guy, he's a great person. This is a great person in the message. I shall lean upon him. That does what? Displeases God when you do that. Uhhuh. We must lean what? On God. And what? God alone. We must not trust the ability of what? Ourselves or what? Any man name. We must completely do it. We yield to God. Amen. Amen. [Applause] You soak it. I was drinking water. You soak it. Amen. Brother say no what? No ability, I don't care what whose it is, will never be used where usable in the sight of God. God has to get what? All of our abilities where how out of us before he can achieve what? His purpose. Amen. You got to get to the corner. Uh-huh. Uhhuh. When you tired and God say now I can take him out of water. Amen. Amen. Because at the beginning when you still have triumph, you are doing your own purpose. That's right. But not God purpose. That's right. But when you tired, then God can achieve his purpose. Amen. Of good works that he forain you to do. Amen. He say if he's got something for us to do and as long as what we feel that we are doing a what pretty good job out of it then we shall never be able to be used of who? God William Marion Brham. And what good did he do? Nothing. And it shall never be until every person that professes to be what? A Christian will do what? forget his own ability and do it. Yield himself to God. Then God can achieve his purpose. Uhhuh. Follow me now. By sending, not a revival. Amen. Amen. We need a revival. We need a revival. Uh-uh. Brother Bam said by sending what? Not a revival. But brother, what we need to do first is send a what? A killing. Come on. That's right. So we can do what? Revive. You have to do what? Die. Before you can do what? Be born again. He needs a what? A killing of ourselves. This stubborn uncle needs a what? A killing. And who? And me with it. Come on. Amen. Come on. Brother Brham needed a killing. We need a what? A killing so that we can be what? Revived into a what? A new life. A what? A new home. A what? A new home. A what? A new experience. We need first the day of what? Morning. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Why? Because God sets a time and has a what? A purpose for everything that he does. There is nothing happens. Just what? Accidentally. Continue. Those who love the Lord and are called according to what? His call. There is no accident. Amen. Even if you hit a road block, there is not accident. Amen. There is a purpose for the road block. That's why. Come on. [Applause] Amen. Glory to God. I'm doing something. It's not working. It's not working. Remember, you are a good seed. That's right. You are predestinated for good work. If it's blocking, there is a purpose. Uhhuh. Because all things is working together. That's right. For good. Amen. Because I am good. That's right. And I am saying for good work. That's right. Everything work together for good. That's right. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Everywhere. Amen. Come on. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Woo. You're doing very good, my friend. So, don't don't don't flank. Continue this route. Amen. He says we are what? Predestinated. And what? Everything works. Uh-huh. Just right. Uh-huh. For that. Uh-huh. Because he cannot lie. Continue, my friend. And he said, "Thou was so." Uhhuh. And everything has its time. Uhhuh. It's season and it has its way. God is what? God is behind every move. And sometimes we think that everything is going wrong. Uh it's up to us to those things are put on us what trials and wondering it is what testing to see how we will react on action. Amen. Amen. When they say Moses go deliver Israel, the first thing you think Moses will just go get in the truck. No. Promised land whom a bunch of Egyptian. No, you brought a bunch of Egyptian. God have to try to clean up Egypt. Amen. Moses say it's three days God said go this way. Take 85 south. Get off from Edif. Get in the country where you going this way and this way. And you see the farm. Go there. Amen. Because I need to clean up something. Amen. Because the premised land is too precious. Uhhuh. It's a land that have milk and honey. Amen. So I need to clean up very well. Amen. Before I put them there. Amen. I took you to the wilderness to teach you. Uhhuh. That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word. Let me see. What are happen? I can provide food in the wilderness. Amen. Water in the wilderness. So when you go in prosperity, you will always remember me. Amen. Amen. [Applause] I'm good in time, my friend. Uh-huh. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Let's pick up Lazarus. You did good. Let's go to John 11. Let's see the multi-purpose. Let's go to John 11. Multi-purpose. Ah, glory to God. Spoken word. Congratulation. Lord, help me with this. You there? Amen. Don't slow down because we got to get moving. The time is not slowing down on me. We ready? John 11. You there? Amen. You remember the story about John 11. You remember the family of Lazarus. Amen. And Mary and Martha with our father with our mother. You remember that, right? And Lazarus got sick. And brother Brandham said Jesus knowing that sickness was coming left their home so that sickness can strike Lazarus. Are we together? And Mary and Martha being strong believer they pray and they send the request to Jesus. They say Lazarus that you love, your BFF is sick. My friend, when they say BFF is to bring something quicker, so BFF is not immune of trouble. Amen. [Applause] Because trouble will develop BFF. Amen. Even Jesus learned obedience by the thing he suffered. That's right. Are we together? Amen. So they send a request and Jesus ignored the request and he went again further. Amen. And the situation got bad until the situation was so bad and Lazarus died and they bury him. And when they bury him now Jesus want to go back. When we call you, you didn't come. Why are you coming again? I was expecting for God to answer yesterday. Somebody else already took the job. What's the purpose? I don't need a prayer request. You know yourself. You know yourself very well. It's all right, brother. It's all right. It's all right. In other day, never mind. I'm in your support of your prayer prayer. It's okay. It's already finished, right? Amen. That's it. Then we begin to look for new scripture to strengthen oursel. Maybe was the Lord will I begin to add something. Amen. Can I start now? Amen. Can we get in the in the in the surgery? Amen. Okay. Let me pull the surgical tools. We ready? Amen. Ah, brother Robert say, "Let's go." All righty. Let's go to verse 8. Seven. Mhm. Then after that he uh says he to who? His disciples. Let us go unto what? Judea again. His disciples said to him, "Master, the Jews of late sought to what? To stone thee." And you go there again. Again. In other word when we look at this verse, my friend, follow me. This is another surgery friend. Yes. When we look on verse 8, the disciple are giving us a clue on what Jews are. Jews wanted to stone Jesus. In other word, based on this verse, Jews are bad. Amen. Bad boys. They're trying to stone the master. Why do you go there? Why do you do to go to people that want to stone you? You remember those that rejected you in Egypt. Uhhuh. Why do you want to go back to them? Moses, I hope somebody's catching. Amen. We clear now? Amen. We clear. Are we clear? Amen. Now, according to verse four, Jesus says, "This sickness is what? Not unto death, but for the glory of water, God. So what seems to be bad. Uhhuh. The purpose of it is not for a bad thing. Amen. Even though it's producing bad. Uhhuh. Are we together? Amen. The purpose of sickness, of Lazarus/de, Jesus say it was for what? The glory of God to do what? that the son of God might be glorified. That the son of God to glorify the son of God. The son of God. Me and you look at sickness as a problem. Uhhuh. Me and you sickness. Ah, this is a problem. Maybe I didn't fast enough. Maybe I left her. I stopped listening to brother Melot. Uhhuh. That's why I got these allergies. That sickness is not because Lazarus did something on. No, it is for the glory of God. Amen. And because the purpose is the glory of God. Amen. And the glorification of the son of God, the answer to prayer is changing. Amen. Jesus is ignoring that. Amen. He says, "No." Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Now drop to verse 14. So we save time. We there. Amen. Then say Jesus to them plainly. What? Lazarus is dead. And I am glad for your sake that I was not there to the intent that you may believe. Amen. So the third purpose of the sickness, come on, father. Amen. Now we begin to go to the multi-purpose. Amen. Number one, the glory of God. Number two, the glorification of the son of man. Number three, it was not for Jesus only. But the same sickness will help. That's right. To bring the disciple to a strong faith. Amen. Because the disciple already believing. Amen. They believe. That's why they were discipled. Uhhuh. But they didn't more encourage. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? For the encourage of the fifth of disciple. Uh-huh. Now we already got three, my friend. One sickness. Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Okay. Job to verse 17. M if you there you can say amen. Amen. Amen. In verse 17 uh the Bible says then when Jesus came he found that he lay in the grave how many days? Four days already. Why did Jesus wait only four days? We know that four is the number of the earth. That's right. And we know that four is the number of deliverance. And Jesus waited four days. Let's slow down. Job to verse uh 18. Let's go, my friend. Now, Bethany. Bethany means the house of affliction. Amen. Or the house of misery. We Okay. Amen. Now Bethany was near Jerusalem about what? 15 furlongs off. These are the scripture that when we read we just go 15 furlang and then we go to the next time because we think there's nothing here. Uhhuh. This is just the telling the story. Uhhuh. But not in this church my friend. No. Even a kama means something. Amen. A stop means something. A sema colony means something. Are we together? Amen. 15 furong means less than two miles. Okay. Amen. [Laughter] So when you are in Bethany and you are moving toward Jerusalem. Amen. It is less than two miles. Amen. Amen. It is like you living here brother Robert from here Gastonia to what? Uh uh King's Mountain. Yes. uh or Bessame city right you live in Gastonia to Bessame city you just move like that and you in Bessame city that's how Bethany and Jerusalem what is the importance of this detail jump to verse 19 verse 19 and many of the Jews the bad people came to Martha and Mary to comfort them concerning what their brother. So the because of the short distance follow me my friend the death of Lazarus cause an attraction sir to pull the Jews Amen from Jerusalem Amen toward Bethany. Amen. Amen. Because if the distance is far people have to take airplane. Amen. Uh-huh. But if the distance is shorter, he can pull the bad people closer to the event. Uhhuh. Because Jesus want to show that he is the resurrection. Amen. Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. So this short distance here is important because he brought many Jews. So the death of Lazarus was for the glory of God. Amen. The glorification of the son of man. Amen. To anchor the disciple more and that death is used to bring many Jews. The bad people to the occasion. Amen. Amen. Or to the event. Amen. We clear. Are we together? Amen. Praise God. 4 days is also speaking of corruption. Yes. Because in three days corruption set in. Are we together? So Lazarus is already corrupted. So the situation is very bad. The situation have deteriorated completely. Amen. Because psychiatrists believe in couples dying. My God. Psychiatrists believe that a couple can get in trouble so much until that couple dies and they go to divorce. Okay. Amen. Amen. Because when he die, it begin to stink. Then everything that is coming from that marriage is stinking everywhere all over the message churches. You didn't know what happened to so and so. You didn't know so and so. But I got a news for you. Even if it's deteriorating, we got a resurrection. Amen. Uh-huh. Are we together? Are we together? Glory to God. If you sleeping, the devil is working on you. Are we there? Amen. Are we there? Amen. Let's go to verse 19. And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary to comfort them concerning who? Their brother. So, the purpose is about the brother who died. Uh-huh. Verse 10. Martha uh 20 then Martha Mhm. Martha Martha this woman. Uh let me continue my way. Then Martha as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming went and met him. But Mary sat still in the house. Amen. Now we got Mary and Martha in plain view here. Uhhuh. Hallelujah. Amen. We got Martha. Amen. Amen. Which we know is in the kitchen. Yes, sir. Uh-huh. When they preaching, Mart is in the kitchen. Amen. And we got Mary. And Mary is at the foot of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. But when the situation deteriorate, Amen. Mary cannot move. Uhhuh. It is martyr who's moving. Amen. Who is martyr? Leave it alone. Why did Mary sat still and ma move? Uhhuh. Brother Brham says this. Glory to God. He says, but ma, she has been very what? Dilatory. Do you know what dilatory means? Lazy. Lazy. She has been very lazy, very slow. Mart have been very dilatory seemingly Uhhuh. about fixing a place for water Jesus to sleep and a place for him to do what? To eat and water so forth. So m I'm trying to stay away from this brother Glenn. Mr is more geared toward the entertaining of Jesus Christ. Uhhuh. In food. Uh-huh. Amen. Let me leave that alone. Please don't get upset on me. If I get on matter, we won't go nowhere. Are we together? M when you when you when an event take place, matter will go toward the kitchen. Yes. And and Mary will go toward the event. And it looks like Mary is more spiritual [Applause] than Mr. But Marty is preparing the food of Jesus. Amen. Because Jesus need both. Amen. He need Mart and Mary. Uhhuh. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother, brother say Mary was the one that always car about the food and the dinner of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Brother, brother, I'm saying Martha is a woman that always want her house clean. Amen. [Applause] Let me leave it. Let me go back to this. Let me go to the to the mainland. [Applause] [Laughter] I told you this is a century. Amen. I have a lot of quotes for Martr. They are not here. So if you pull this way, I I love to give quotes, but I don't have the quote in here for Martr, but I'm just giving you the highlight. Brother Brham say Martr is a woman that clean her house so clean, spotless. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. In other words, when you get in the house, Martha is picky. Uhhuh. [Applause] And usually she's trying, she's interpreted of being less spiritual. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. Because when the meeting is going on, Martha goes to the kitchen to feed the congregation. Amen. [Music] Amen. No, it's causing war here. Let me continue my way. Let me continue my way. Ah, with your marion bra, you folks. [Music] Amen. Father have mercy. You you have to to uh give me my minute back that you're taking. Uh we agree, right? Uhhuh. Brother uh the deco, brother Tony, they agreed in the message. This great servant Moses, I have to give you the quote now because I don't have it here. This great servant Moses preached in 1955 in January the 22nd paragraph 48. Brother Brham say another woman by the name of Martha and Mary they love him. He gone from their home and their brother was dead and rottening out in the grave. One day they heard that the rock was coming rolling into the city. And Martha has been very dilatory about cooking good dinners. Amen. For him. Amen. For him. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Back in the day, he was him. But when the act of the apostle started, Uhhuh. Jesus became the disciple. Amen. So when you cooking for the disciple, you're cooking for him. Amen. And ma usually when a convention is going on, ma will go to the kitchen. Amen. Amen. Okay. Okay. He says cooking dinner for him and things and not maybe paying so much attention to the spiritual. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Uhhuh. But in her heart, Uhhuh. she believe it. Amen. Amen. That's the reason why Martha loves when she is in the kitchen to have a loudspeaker. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. So that as she's fixing the dinner, she's still hearing the word. Amen. [Applause] Cannot continue. You need Mary and Martha. Amen. For the church to function well. Amen. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Remember every minute you got to pay me back in the message the resurrection 531205 paragraph 71 brother Brandham say now when he come along there things begin to change little martr she has been kind of dilatory in all the things of the world about food and making tables ready but you know I kind of like her now. See, as soon as she heard Jesus come, she started to see him. Now, I believe that Martha had in her mind some scripture. And here is what I think she had when the Shunamat woman in the Bible when Elijah passed by and she was blessed and give a baby. Amen. So, Ma had a backup scripture. Amen. Of what she was doing. serving the servant of the Lord. Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. In the message water from the rock 550224 paragraph 118 m very dilatory about keeping the preacher. Amen. Keeping the preacher with something to eat. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. her sister kind of rebuke her and say she ought to do this that and the other. But the first things you know she might have been a little unconcerned but she was listening to the good things. Amen. Amen. Now brother Brandham is showing us that mother was in the kitchen but her ear were listening to Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Mary stay in the sanctuary. Amening the word. And Jesus say Mary got a good place. But Martha also in the kitchen was also listening. Amen. But we need ma because we need food. Amen. Amen. That's fine my friend. Can I continue? Amen. In the message led by the spirit of God in par in 1956 07. Thank you my brother. 0723 paragraph 68 brother Brandham said little martr she was a kind of dilatory little childh and so she always wanted to make the house look clean. Uhhuh. She had to clean up everything make everything look of spotless while Mary listen to the word of life. But I imagine ma was listening too. Amen. Amen. because she prove it one day. Amen. I'm going to go somewhere because we moving that direction. My friend in the message perseverant. My friend in 1962 0623 paragraph 73 brother Brham say Martha now you're going to get a toah hook my friend. Let's speak of her just a few minute. Martha, we always think she was dilatory about getting her house clean when she was going to entertain Jesus. Mary a little lazy sad. Uhhuh. [Music] [Applause] Now let's balance it up. M is so unconcerned about spiritual things, but Mary also is lazy. Uhhuh. Doesn't want to do chores. Uh-huh. Let's balance everything now together. That's why we need ma and we need Mary. Amen. To balance the church. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? Uh-huh. Are we together? Amen. Mary a little ladies inside just sat around and listen. Uhhuh. Jesus of course say she listened to the better things but Martha show her color what she was what was in her heart. Now we found out when trouble came. Uhhuh. When situation deteriorate. Uhhuh. When situation are hopeless. Uhhuh. When situation are gone beyond hope. Amen. It seems like matter kicking pretty good. Amen. I hope you understanding me. When everything is good, daddy is strong. Uhhuh. When everything is good, daddy's strong, he will do this. He will do this. But when you get before the doctor, you will see daddy getting anxious. Uhhuh. And it looks like mama hold tight. Amen. The one who is in the kitchen seems to come up with another stress. That's right. Compared to the other one. Amen. Come on. And you will see daddy, what did the doctor say? And mama say he will be all right. That's right. The baby will be all right. Amen. And daddy's all nervous because m kick in when situation are desperate. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Uh-huh. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Mary's good. She listen to the word, but she get sometime she's tired. Uhhuh. And when the master came, Mary did not move. Uhhuh. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Sister Pam, are we together? Sister Lorel, are we together? Young sisters, are we together? So you can play both. You can be Mart and Mary. When you are when it's not your turn, you go to Mary's spot. When it's your turn, you go to M spot. But you still listening to the word. Amen. Glory to God. You see how you took me off. Brother Brham says this, "But Martr has been so what?" Very dilatory. Seemingly about what? Fixing a place for Jesus to sleep. There is something about Martyr for that because Jesus needed a place to sleep. Uh-huh. It is not just the minister preaching the gospel. Uhhuh. We need to make sure they got food after. That's right. So we need to have a martyr in the church who God lay a burden to make sure this preacher get something to eat. Amen. It is God in ma feeding God. That's right. Come on. It is God in listening to the word. Amen. It is God in all. Amen. Come on. Yes. Ille. Glory to God. He says a place to Jesus to do what? To sleep. and a place to what? To eat. Even asked Jesus one time to make her sister what? Come help her. But down in her heart what? Faith struck. While Mary did what? Sat still doing what? And doing what? Nothing about it. And did what? Give up. Uh-huh. Come on. Hallelujah. When it's a quick situation, Mary have a faith. Uhhuh. She will bust any door. Uhhuh. And bring the solution. Sometime it's not Mary. Uhhuh. M say you pull back let me hand it that. That's right. [Applause] Hallelujah. Brother say Mary sat there because she what? She gave up. Martha did what? Slips out of the house and down through the city. No doubt she met some of them on the street says what? Where's that divine healer that you had? What about Lazarus now? She did what? Pass right on by them. Now let's go back to our verse my friend in verse 20 we are 20. Then Martha as soon as she heard that Jesus was what? Coming. Went and did what? And met him. But Mary did what? Sat still. Because Mary gave up. Uh-huh. Amen. That's why Mary have to be always with Martha. Uh-huh. Amen. Mary have to be always with Mr. because they change. They pass the ball. Amen. There's a time. It's Mary's time. There's a time Mary got to pass the ball to Mh. And it matter to move with the ball. They need one another. Amen. Come on. Amen. Brother Glenn, you're talking about stabilizing the church. Uh-huh. My God. No one is respir. That's right. Both are Christian. That's right. From the same family. Amen. [Music] Cannot continue. Uh-huh. Can I continue? Uhhuh. Can I continue? Amen. So from today when you are working over there and the and the and the stuff is going you're not less spiritual. That's right. Be joyful. You say now I'm a martyr. Amen. I have a loudspeaker. Amen. I'm listening to the sermon. So the sons of God when they come the gods are coming. And I'm preparing food for the gods. Amen. For the Jesus. Amen. The Messiah. Amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. Can I continue? Amen. He says, uh, where are we at, my friend? Uh, he went and met him, but Mary did what? Sat still in the house. Verse 21. Then say martyr to Jesus. Lord, can do do I have my time? Amen. Because if I stop here, we got to pick it up next Sunday. He says, Lord, what if thou has been here? If thou has been here, what? My brother had not died. If you notice, Martha is believing Jesus Christ in the past. Amen. That's true. Because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, let's put yesterday. That's right. And let's put I told you it's a surgery. Uh-huh. Let's put today and let's put what? Forever. Forever. Let's put tomorrow. Oh, let's put it in the future. So yesterday, Mart faith was 100%. Uhhuh. M is declaring that if you would have come yesterday, my faith was there. Amen. That's right. If you had been here, I know this brother would not have died. In other words, I believe you in the past. Follow me, my friend. Amen. If you continue like this, I cannot go. 100% check. Amen. Come on, M. What about the present? Uh-huh. What about today? Uh-huh. Are we together? Uh-huh. Are we together? Let's go to verse where where are we at? Verse 22. Verse 22. But I know. Uh-huh. Come on. Uh-huh. Come on. [Applause] Who knows? Jesus. No. Martha. Who knows? M say I know. Uh-huh. Come on. Remember I know. Uh-huh. We know. M say I know. Uhhuh. What do you know? Mh. Come on. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Brother polycap we good over there. Yes. Okay. I know. What do you know? M sister Christa. What does m know ma tell us? He says but what I know that even now. Come on. Glory. Glory. Are we together? Amen. In other word matter say yesterday 100%. Uhhuh. Even now. Now. Today. Uh-huh. Right now. Come on. [Music] Amen. Even now. What? Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Even now. You there? Uh-huh. Amen. Whatsoever. Uhhuh. That you. Uhhuh. Ask who? Of God. Jesus was who? God. Amen. And M is taking God is telling God whatsoever you ask God. Uhhuh. In other word, ma is opening the son of man. Amen. Because the son of man has a bundle. Uh-huh. It's a surgery, my friend. The son of man is son of man. Uhhuh. Son of God. Uhhuh. And son of David. That's right. He came as a son of man. Uhhuh. And m opened him up. Uh-huh. Come on. Before he changed to son of God. Amen. M open Jesus up. Amen. He said, "I know that God, but let me open a different office now." Uh-huh. God need to ask God. Uh-huh. Oh. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister, are we okay? If I lost you, raise your hand. Oh, Israel, the Lord your God is how many God? One. God is God. One God. Are we together? Amen. Mother say, I know that if you Uh-huh. Ask God. So martyr opened the office of a priesthood. Because it's under the priesthood that Jesus speak to us toward God. Amen. Amen. That office is called the son of God. Uh-huh. The son of God is God speaking to God for you. Come on. It is Jesus working for you. Come on. Toward God. Amen. But Jesus is God. Fly. Come on. Shake. Somebody is my friend. Amen. This airplane is high. I'm trying to come down my friend. Can we continue? Amen. M say I know that you remember God your God say you remember that. You remember. Oh God your God have anointed you. That's right. You remember m say I know what do you know that whatever you Jesus Uhhuh. you the man Jesus whatever the man Jesus Uhhuh. ask of God Uhhuh. the man Jesus when he's asking God he's a high priest. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Let's go back to the verse, my friend. Verse 21, 22. He says, "But I know that what even now whatsoever you are, you you what? Ask of God, God will do what? Give it thee." In other way, M is talking is telling Jesus, I know that your prayer Uh-huh. Amen. are always answered. Always answered. Amen. Do you remember that? Uh-huh. I know that. In other words, you take this burden now and you handle it. Amen. Uh-huh. In other words, Lord, yesterday I was up. Uh-huh. But today the situation is wrong. Amen. I don't have any more strength anymore. Since I don't have a strength, I need to work with a high priest. Amen. Amen. I need to give you the request and you hand it because your prayer I always answer. That's right. That's right. [Applause] What are you trying to say, brother Steven? The Bible says in Roman 8, who is he that does what? Condithth. Is Christ. It is who? Christ that died and what they rather that is risen again. Who is even where? at the right hand of God who also does what? Maketh intercession for us. Martyr was looking at Jesus Christ as a as a mortal to intercede. The Jesus that Martyr was talking to was immortal. That's right. Because later on he died. That's right. But our Jesus is immortal. That's right. Amen. Are we together? Amen. The Bible says in Hebrew, but this man Uhhuh. because he continues how ever has a what? Unchangeable priesthood. Wherefore he's able to save them to the what? Uttermost. To whom that come to who? Unto God by him. Uhhuh. Seeing what? He ever liveth to make intercession for them. For such a high priest becometh to what? Us. Who is how? Holy. Uhhuh. Harmless under fire. Separate from sinners. Made higher than the water. The heavens. And brother. And then the Bible say, "For there is one God." Uh-huh. That's right. Come on. And what? And one mediator between God and man. Who is who? Christ Jesus. So ma is using Jesus as a mediator. Come on. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. But now has he obtained a more what? Excellent ministry. But now much also he is the mediator of a what? a better covenant which was established upon what better promises. Listen to what brother Brham say. No wonder Martha with this understanding. Amen. She was what? Persevere in the water of Jesus. What understanding did Marta have? Uh-huh. Let's go. My friend, if you had been here, my what? My brother would have would have not would have not would not have died. Uh-huh. But even now, whatever you ask God, God will do it. Give it to you. Oh, if we can only get those word in our heart tonight. Uh-huh. I know I'm sitting where? In a wheelchair. I know I got water. Cancer. Got water. Heart trouble. Whatever it is, I know the doctor say my last hour is water. Close that hand. But even now, Lord, whatever you ask for, ask God, he will do it. Amen. Come on. He is what? He's sitting at the right hand of his majesty to make intercession upon our what? Our confession. Just be as what? Persistent as Martha was. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Listen to brother Brandham. Is he alive? Amen. Marta talked to the man Jesus Christ. But the man Jesus Christ is not here. Is he alive? Yes. To help you like he did martyr. Yes. Brother says he alive. Could you speak to him? Yes. He does what? ever liveth to make intercession where? At the right hand of his majesty. He is never asleep. That's right. He is not dead. Uhhuh. But he's what? Risen again. And he's what? The same in principle, power, action, moving yesterday, today, and forever. Hebrews 13:8. He ever liveth to maketh what? Intercession. He's the high priest that can be touched by the feeling of infirmities. Whatever you ask God, God, God will give it to you. Amen. Amen. In other words, if you care, rely on the high priest. Uh-huh. Send him the request. Uhhuh. And let him handle that. Amen. And you confess that it's already done. That's right. Amen. Come on. [Applause] I'm about to land down, my friend. Where are we at? Where are we at, my friend? Going to 23 now. Go to verse 23. Glory Lord. Jesus said to her, "Your brother shall rise again." He put a future there. Jesus put a future there. But that future was not far because Jesus was going there. Look when he put the future, look how Martha follow Christ. Look on verse 24. Martha said to him, "What?" I know. In other words, I am also in the future. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Are we together? Uh-huh. Are we together? In other words, Jesus, I know in the past, I know in the present, I also know in the future. I am everywhere. Amen. Come on. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. In other words, ma is somebody that really know how to lock Jesus. Amen. When Jesus want to go this way, M say stay here. He goes, he say stay here. He goes, he say stay here. He say I'm here. Come on. I'm here. Yes, sir. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Buckle up. We getting to the airport, my friend. Because I don't I cannot continue if I cannot finish this one. Where are we at, my friend? 24. He say m say, I know that he shall do what? Rise again. Where? In the resurrection. At the Look where m is going. Uhhuh. Even going where Job is. Uhhuh. Amen. In other words, if you are the same yesterdayh, today and forever, I am also the same yesterday. Come on. Today and forever. I believe you in the past, in the present, and I believe you for my tomorrow. Amen. Amen. Flight attendant, prepare for landing. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection. never told anybody this one beside Mr. Uhhuh. I hear that word when he listen to m say m let me open up to you something. Come on. Do you see me? Uh-huh. You knew me as Jesus. Come on. But from today know me as the resurrection. Amen. The one who can quicken every dead situation. Come on. In your life. Come on. I am there. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. My friend, let me let me do something here. Where are we at? Verse 25. Let's go, my friend. Hallelujah. I am what? The resurrection and the what? The life. He that believeth on me, though he were dead, Uhhuh. he shall do what? Live. And what? Did Lazarus believe on Jesus Christ? Yes. Yes sir. So guess what? He going to live. Lazarus is going to live. Come on. Yes, sir. Whosoever lives and do what? Believeth in me. Shall what? Never die. Do you believe in this? Amen. In other words, Jesus want to for the last time recheck m. Uhhuh. Let's see the face of m. Amen. The one you thought was not spiritual. The one who is in the kitchen all the time. Listen to her word. Amen. What are you saying, ma? She said to him, "Yeah, Lord." Uh-huh. What? I believe that thou art the Christ. The what? The son of God. Which should come into what? The world. The same revelation of Peter. Come on. Come on. Come on. The same revelation of Peter Mart. That's right. I know you are the Christ. That's right. She has a personal revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. My God. Glory Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Would you please allow me to stop somewhere? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Amen. Flight attend and prepare for landing. Can I continue? Amen. I'm continuing toward the airport. Okay. Amen. Okay. Okay. Okay. In the back. Okay. Over there. Brother Patience. Okay. Sister Dy. Okay. Okay. Sister Dy say okay. Okay. Okay. Where are we at? 26. 26. Let's go to 20. No, 27. Let's go to 28. And when he had said so, she went her way. Notice. Uhhuh. Notice before martyr leave. Before martyr leave, Jesus, Jesus made sure the confession of Peter came out from Marta. Amen. When the confession of Peter came out from Martha, Jesus sent Martha to a mission. Amen. Read with me on verse 28. And when she had said so, Uhhuh. she went how? Her way. And call who? Mary her sister secretly. How? Secretly. Ah, not openly. Uh-huh. Come on. It's a secret talk now. Uh-huh. It's no more open. Uh-huh. Secret. Come on. Are we together? Amen. The secret of the seven zer. Come on. That's it. That's it. That's it. Uh-huh. That's it. In other words, she had a secret message for Mary, not for everybody. Listen to her. She said she called her secretly saying what the master has come. Who came? The master. Look how she she she's calling Jesus who? The master. The master has come. Uh-huh. The master has come. Not Jesus came. The master. Uh-huh. In other words, everything is now That's right. The master has come. Uhhuh. The master of the storm, that's right, has come. The master of circumstances has come. Amen. The master of the problem has come. Amen. The master has come. Amen. And what is the master looking? Can you read with me? Uh-huh. He said, "The master has water has come." And water calleth for thee. Search me. Where did Jesus call Martha? There it is right there, brother. Wow. Hey, we reading the Bible. Where did you see that Jesus told Martha, "Go call Mary." So, how did she know Jesus is looking for Mary? It is not written in the Bible. Come on. It is in the thunder. Come on. In the thunder. That's right. Amen. That's why That's why she has to speak secretly. Uh-huh. Because it's a message of the thunder. Come on. And he said the master is doing what? Call for thee. So when Martha is fully charged, Uh-huh. she can go jump stop. That's right. Mary, come on. She can jump start Mary. Amen. Come on. [Applause] Brother Robert, are we together? Brother Bren, are we together? When Martha is fully charged and Jesus look and say battery charge, he say go now to Mary because Mary is loat. Uhhuh. And m goes and hook the cable. Amen. And say the master need you. Amen. And Mary. Amen. Come on. [Applause] Hallelujah. Please, I'm going to land this plan. I don't have any choice. Uh, go to verse 20 and I'm going to stop here. Verse 20. The problem is the anointing flowing here. It keep opening the scripture. H uh verse 20. You there? Amen. Then Martha as soon as she heard that who Jesus was coming went and meet him. But Mary what? Sat still in the house. If you notice Mary heard but Mary didn't move. Yes sir. Okay. But when Martha comes with the secret message, jump now to verse 29. Uh-huh. As soon as she heard that, the same message. Uh-huh. But now it's given in the tent. Uhhuh. That's right. The same message. That's right. But it's now anointed. That's right. In the tent. That's right. Come on. Amen. The Bible says what? She arose quickly. As soon as she heard that, Amen. What? She arose quickly. And did what? Came unto him. There was something about that secret message. Uh-huh. And he jumped Mary up. Amen. Come on. In other words, Mary who was tired receive strength. Come on. Amen. And Mary begin to run. Amen. And notice why Jesus is waiting for him. Watch where Jesus is waiting for him. Ah verse 30. Verse 30. Look with me. Can you read with me? Verse 30. Amen. Now Jesus was what? Not yet coming to the town. But was in the place where what? Martha met him. Jesus stood in the same place to make sure Mary reached the level of Come on. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes sir. Yes sir. You didn't get me. Uh-huh. You mean you get me? When Jesus stopped, he dealt with Martha, but Mary was behind in faith. Uh-huh. So Jesus could not move. Amen. Because that spot is strategic. Come on. He need to call Mary. Amen. To make sure Mary meet Mart. Amen. Because Mary and Martha goes together. Amen. Come on. [Applause] I'm going to I have to stop for here. I know I have to stop here because I wanted to stop but somebody's having a trouble and the boss is sleeping me to move somewhere. Come on. Watch here. Watch here. So you see Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Ah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Go to verse 32. Amen. Watch the word of Mary. Then when Mary was come where Jesus was and saw him, she fell down where? At his feet, saying to him, first question. When Martha was talking to Mary uh to Jesus, was Mary there? No. Martha when she met Jesus, she said, "If you have been there, my brother will not die." Uh-huh. Now look Jesus wait on the same spot that Martha met him. Look Mary coming on the same spot. Look what is coming from the mouth of Mary. The Bible say in verse 32 then when Mary was come where Jesus was and saw him she did what? Fell down at his feet. Uhhuh. Saying to him what? Lord if you have been what? Been here. My brother has what? Not die. She repeat the same thing mother said. That's right. That's why Jesus waited on the same spot. Uhhuh. To bring her in to the same level. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. I'm going to lower the airplane, my friend. Because now I already opened the the the tire and so I got to I got to hit the tarmac. Amen. Are we there? Amen. Are we there? Amen. Glory. I have to skip some of them. We got to pick up next time. Let me skip this and get here. Uh, all right. Go to verse 38 because we got to pick pick up the There are stuff laying there. Verse 38. I'm trying to let this plan go down, my friend. To the airport. Let's go. Jesus, verse 38. Therefore again did what? Groaning in himself. Come what? To the grave. And he was a what? A cave. And a what? A stone lay upon it. And Jesus say what? Take ye away the stone. Brother Brham says, he says that I can see him walking down through that space there to the grave and say what? Take ye away the stone. Look like if he had been a gentleman, he would have took it away himself. But he asked them women too. Instead of Jesus removing the stone. Uh-huh. Since ma and Mary are both revived. Come on. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. There are stuff that God do. Uhhuh. And there are stuff that you have to do. Amen. That's right, brother. So that you can be part Uhhuh. Yes, sir. of the thing. Come on. So Jesus look, he say you remove the stone. Uhhuh. Not he. Brother Brandham say as a gentleman, these are women. How can you let two women remove the stone? Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham say why? You got your part to do. Amen. That's right. Yes, sir. What? You've got you've got to do your part. She said he said do what? Take away the stone. And they took away the stone. Uhhuh. Maybe those women were like and Jesus is standing there. He says he's not a gentleman. He said and they took away look like they took away the stone and the stink went out. So was so bad. So when they finished taking the he said it went so bad and they was about to do what? Suffocate there on the account of that the what? Dead human body. Are we there? Listen to this my friend. I have to hit the tarmac. I believe if we have if he had spoken to the stone he would have what? Vanished. Don't you believe so? Amen. Look like if he had been a man talking to them little girl. old women that he who took the stone himself away. But you got something to do. How yourself? That's right. Amen. When God revive your faith, God need a rest. That's right. Come on. It is not God to speak to the problem. No, your mouth. That's right. Must do something. That's right. Come on. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. How many days Lazarus was in the grave? Four. And Lazarus resurrected on the fourth day. Uhhuh. And I'm going to finish by this. Brother said there has been a day of what? Reformers. And there have been a day that is just a day that can call day or what? Nine. Because how many beasts do we have? Four. We have four beasts. We got a day of a lion. Uhhuh. We got a day of an ox. That's right. We got a day of the reformer. That's right. But the fourth day is the day of an evil. Come on. That's when the resurrection, comes. Come on. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Because the earth is the last messenger. That's right. The last anointing. The anointing of an eagle is the one that brought the dead back to life. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Everybody that went through corruption is waiting for the eagle anointing. Amen. It is the eagle anointing. Amen. The capstone ministry that will pull the dead. Amen. From Amen. Come on. God bless you. Let's God bless you. Amen. My friend, time is gone. I got to stop. No, I got to stop. I appreciate you returning the the minute, but I got to let you go home. I don't know where we stop. You need to remind me. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Martha and Mary. Today you have a different perspective of Martha. Amen. Martha is important. Mary is important. You need both of them. There are situation it's going to be Mary who's going to be strong and there are certain situation Mary will be slow. But if you a martyr, pick Mary up. Give him the secret message of the thunder. Right. Amen. boost her faith up. You say, "I know, sister. You always strong. You the one that encourages us. When we see you, we get courage. Don't be down. Stand up. We are with you together." Hallelujah. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this afternoon. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love and your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, I appreciate the church giving me the minute to go over, but Lord, we felt led to stop here because the material continued to go and we want your children to soak it in pretty good. Father, you spoke to us about a multi-purpose even though we have not finished the other purposes. But Lord, we can see that one thing that looks bad, one thing that looks like sorrow, something that looks like it's Lord tormenting us, but there is a multi-purpose behind that one thing. Amen. If this event never happened to Lazarus, we would not have known the true identity of Martha. We have not have known your glory as a resurrection. We would not have known that the disciples still needed encourage so that someone who has been in this walk for a while and still found himself weak at time can refer to this and say that I know he can do something to stabilize my faith more. Lord, many things has been spoken. May you take that which was spoken and give it to your children in a more abundant revelation. Bless us all together. Father be with us for the remaining of the day and the oncoming week. We commit everything unto their hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you church. We love you. Suffering that will stop you. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. When [Music] Jesus is with Jesus. Oh happy day. Happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh Jesus. When Jesus [Music] when Jesus Oh. Jesus Christ. [Music] Oh happy day. Happy day. Oh happy [Music] day. Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy day to spend this afternoon. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Happy day. Oh happy day. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Yeah. Every [Music] day. Happy day. Oh, happy day. Happy day. Oh happy day. Happy day. Oh happy day. Happy day. Oh happy day. Happy happy day. Oh happy day. [Music]
