################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Bro. Joe Adams • 4/9/25 • Wed • Power Restored to the Church, such as I have. - Joe Adams - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   Bro. Joe Adams • 4/9/25 • Wed • Power Restored to the Church, such as I have.
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlAKpZz-CEY
========================================

[Music] the rain. Let's just stand if we could. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Let all heavens and earth proclaim. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's something about that name. Amen. Don't you just love that name Jesus tonight? Any need you have, you can just call on the name Jesus. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And I hope you come expecting. How many come expecting? If you come expecting, God was obligated to deliver. So, we're very thankful to have brother Joe Adams with us and his family, uh, Sister Jessica, Sister Rebecca, and Sister Caroline. And, um, I think we might be seeing a little bit more of them a little more often from time to time now. So, we're uh we're thankful. Uh we had had a good wedding last week and for Weston and Lauren and everything just went well. We thank you for your prayers and for all that everybody done, the the gifts and the outpouring of love and and appreciation. So, we thank you for that and they're uh they'll be back sometime this weekend maybe. But, uh we just want to tell you we appreciate you. So, um we'll just turn the service to to Brother David. We're let's let's just open open our service in prayer if we would. Brother Tommy, would you open the service in prayer? Yes Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Let's just sing a little chorus as we turn it back to Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about that name. Oh, master, savior Jesus. Like the fragrance after the rain. Yes. Amen. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. And earth proclaim. Kings and kingdoms. We'll all pass away, but there's something about that name. Amen. You love him with all your heart. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. I just want to thank you, Lord. And I just want to thank you, Lord. Oh, yes. for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed to me? Oh, thanks for that special night. When I saw this glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank you. Can we sing it to him again? Oh yes. Oh, and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. Have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night. When I saw this glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank you. Amen. You thank him for it. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. This is the day that the Lord has made. I'm going to be sad. No, I will rejoice. If there's anybody ought to be happy tonight, it ought to be us, shouldn't it? Amen. I just just thank him for his goodness. Well, this is the day. Oh yes. This is the day. Oh, that the Lord has made. Yes, the Lord has made. will I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. Oh, and this is the day that the Lord has made. Well, I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. This is the day. Oh, that the Lord has made. Oh yes. Oh yes. And this is the day. Yes. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has made. Well, I will rejoice. Yes, I will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. Oh, and this is the day that the Lord has made. Well, I will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. Amen. Yes. Amen. Amen. I know one thing. Y'all are fired up tonight. And I'm excited cuz you know what? If you come expecting, you're going to get a blessing. And if you come wanting me to mess up, guess what? You're going to get a blessing cuz I'll do it. But I'm so glad that he's here tonight. And you know what? Look at Brother Glenn here tonight. What God has done for him. Amen. Amen. Amen. I tell you, I just feel like the windows of heaven are open tonight. Amen. Let's sing that song. This has been on my heart all day long. Years I spent in Vanity and Bride. It's all because of Calvary. Tonight we're here because Jesus paid the price. Amen. Well, years I spend in vanity and pride. Oh yes. Caring not. My Lord was cruel. Sified and knowing not it was for me. He died on Calaryine. Oh, and mercy there was great and grace was free. Oh, and pardon there was more applied to me. And there my burden so found at [Music] Cal. And by God's word at last my sin I learned. And in I trembled at the law I' spurned until my guilty so employing turn of oh and mercy there was great and grace was free and pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden soul found at [Music] Cal. And now I've give to Jesus everything. And now I gladly own him as my king. And now my raptured soul can only say, "Oh, of mercy." There was great grace was free. Oh, and pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden so [Music] foundly at Cal. And oh the love that drew salvation's plan. And oh the grace that brought it down to man. and all the mighty golf that God did spend at Calvary. Oh yes, sing it. Oh, and mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden soul found at Cal. Now I've give to Jesus everything. And now I've give to Jesus everything. And now I gladly own him as my king. And now my raptured soul implantly sing of [Music] calary. Oh, and mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. And there my burden soul [Music] finally at Calary. Amen. Aren't you thankful for Calvary tonight? God bless you. You may be seated tonight. And like I said, it's just good to be in the house of the Lord. And we welcome our visitors. This brother over here, Brother Tommy. God bless you. I didn't get your name, but we appreciate you being here. And Amen. And like brother Brad said that we'll probably be seeing a lot more of the show family around or Adam's family. I still I always do that sometimes, but it's good to see them here and we're family. We're just getting closer and closer and my family's moved down there and now they're moving up here some. So, God bless you. It's good to have them here with us tonight. It's good to have each and everyone here tonight. And most of all, it's good to have the presence of the Lord in our midst tonight. You know, if we just come tonight, it would just and he wasn't here, just be another gathering, but when he's in the midst, it changes the whole picture. Amen. Brother Michael John and brother Daniel and brother Caleb, would you come take up the offering tonight? And we have a few prayer requests tonight. And uh we want to remember brother Austin. He's not feeling well. And also Sister Megan, she's not feeling well tonight either. Also, continue to remember uh Sister Parish. She's doing some better. We just want to continue to hold her up in prayer. And God bless you, Sister Parish. I know she's streaming tonight. Her and Sister Peggy, they always do. And my wife is planning on being here Sunday. She's doing a lot better. Thank you for your prayers. Continue to remember Sister Sherry. And and uh Sister Janette's here tonight. God bless you. Or she wasn't feeling well Sunday. she wasn't here, but we're just thankful that God's He's in our midst tonight, isn't he? And Amen. We just, it just makes me want to run just to feel the presence of the Lord and see what he's doing in our midst. God is so good and we just love him and appreciate him tonight. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known by the uplifted hand. And Sister Donna is doing so much better. And we just we got a lot to thank him for, church. We really do. Amen. And brother Josh is feeling better. and and how's your friend doing, brother Josh? I didn't ask you before church. So, we want to remember that request. So, amen. Brother Caleb, would you take these needs to the Lord in prayer tonight? Amen. Second little course. It's Jesus I really want to see. Amen. I was thinking brother Tommy's prayer and I thought, Lord, it's you I really want to see tonight. Oh, it's it's Jesus I really want to see. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes. It's Jesus. I really want to [Music] see. The more I see of this world, the less it means to me. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see. Let's sing it again as brother Glenn comes. Oh yes, it's Jesus I really want to see. Oh yes, it's Jesus. God bless you, buddy. I really want to sing. Oh, the more I see of this world, the less it means to [Music] me. Well, good evening everyone. I'm telling you, I want to give you a praise report and I want to personally thank each and every one of you for your prayers. As you know, I think you might know Sunday night or Sunday afternoon a week ago, we were parking in a fast food place and all of a sudden I went crazy and I run over my handicap parking sign and right up over the curb through the gravel and Sherry told me I even ran went all the way back around and parked. I don't remember any of it. I remember hearing her, but she sounded like she was a thousand miles away. So, of course, our neurologist, I have these little strokes. He thought maybe it was a stroke. So, Monday, they put me in the uh MRI tube for an hour and a half, and that thing clunked and clunked and clunked. And then they brought me over for an EEG and they cooked up 32 leads to my brain. It turns out it was no stroke, it was a seizure. And it was because the left side of my brain is all scrambled up. So I'm going to work on the right side from now on. But unfortunately for me, I cannot drive for six months. So I'm at the mercy of my wife. And I begged her for a week to take me to Where's that place, honey? Where we buy the stuff? Uh, Rural King. Because I wanted me some trail mix. She finally broke down after a week and let me go buy trail mix. All right. So, anyway, you guys need to help me pray for her so she won't be so stubborn. Okay? And I want to praise the Lord. and he laid this song on my heart. And let me tell you something, it is no secret what God can do. Because look at what he's done to this 77y old fool standing up here. All right. [Applause] [Music] The chimes of time ring out the news. Another day is through. Someone slipped and fell. Was that some new you? You may have longed for added strength, your courage to renew. But do not be diseened. I have news for [Music] you. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. [Music] With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. [Music] You know, you [Music] know, there is no night for in his light you'll Never walk alone. You'll always feel at home wherever you may roam. There is no power can coner you while God is on your side. Take him at his promise. Don't run away and hide. It is no secret what God can do, what he's done for others. He'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. [Music] It is no secret what God can do. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret. [Music] what God can [Music] do. Amen. God bless you. Yes, sir. Brother Glenn, I didn't tell you, but my dad used to sing that song all the time. Brought back a lot of good memories. Amen. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a hand another praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. We serve an awesome God tonight, don't we? Amen. Sister Becca, would you come and sing tonight? And I asked Sister Jessica, but she passed the buck on to her tonight. God bless you. [Music] foundations and all I feel is my heart breaking. King, you still reign and you're still God. And when it feels all hope is faded, the heavy questions hit so hard. And though my soul faith feel forsen, you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still God. I will declare that you are with me. Though voices whisper that you're not, you never leave me nor forsake me. Cuz you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still God. And when my eneies surround me, I'll trust the victory of your cross and fix my eyes upon you, Jesus. For you are God and I am not. You are good and you are faithful as you have been from the start. You're working all things for your glory. Cuz you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still God. And this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still [Music] [Applause] God. Amen. Let's just stand if we would. We'll be ready to change the order of service and and uh just uh invite Brother Joe to come at this time. And how many will pull on the gift of the Lord tonight? You know, Brother Joe and the family come up here to set up housekeeping and they've been working and been laboring, but we set all that aside now and trust you set aside all of your thoughts, your troubles this week and just say, "God, speak to me tonight and Lord, meet the needs that I have in my heart." Because we're all needy people. So, let's just sing Amazing Grace as we ask brother Joe to come now. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. It was grace that told my heart to fear and grace my fears relieve. How [Applause] precious. Oh, the hour I first believe. Let's sing it. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Music] God. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, what a great privilege we have as your children to come in your presence tonight, Lord. For we know, Father, one moment in your presence can change an entire life. Lord, it can change an entire destination, Father. We could be going one way, Lord, and then all of a sudden, Father, one moment in your presence, completely turn around and and living a right life, Lord, heading down the right road, Father, making the right choices, being strengthened by the word for this hour. We're so thankful to be servants of the living God, to worship you tonight in spirit and in truth, to have a calling in our hearts and our lives. Lord, we have turned from unbelief to believe. And Lord, we have turned from doubt to faith. Lord, we have turned from sinners to be sons and daughters of God. And Lord, we just invite your presence to come tonight. Lord, you see that we have we have wearied ourselves with the daily affairs of life, taking care of uh the homes and different things of that nature. But Lord, tonight we just want to set all that aside and ask God that you would just speak through the vessel and you would speak to the ears of the hearer tonight that we can be in tune one with another. Lord, with the spirit of God and what you would have said for us tonight, we just commit our lives to you now. Father, we ask you bless this service. Bless every need. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. If you have a need tonight, I want you to just lift your hand to God. But I want you got that need. And as I begin to take the word tonight and preach, I want you to hold that need over that the word as it goes forth because I believe the Lord really laid something on my heart for the service today. And as Brad said, we were been busy there trying to get the home situated and everything and we've really put every bit of energy we had into it. But I knew that God gave me a confidence you're going to preach this message tonight. So I just rested in that. And so I'm just believing for the supernatural tonight. How many you going to believe with me? Gideon, you going to believe with me tonight? We're going to believe for an outpouring of the spirit of God. It's a Wednesday night, but we can still invite the presence of the pillar of fire to be in our midst to still move in our lives. I believe he's a living God. I don't believe he's limited by a Wednesday or a Sunday or a Friday. I believe he's God every day of your life. If you'll just trust God, believe God, no matter the situation, no matter the trial, put God on the scene and God will show up and God will show out for you tonight. I just believe it, church. I want to preach to you tonight. Power restored to the church. Power restored to the church. How many of you in Elton, Kentucky ever lost power? Some of y'all don't have houses in, do you? Man, you know what it means when you lose power and you're just waiting. Everything's in the dark. Nothing's working. But when power is restored to the home, that's it. Woo! We got power again. The refrigerator's working. The lights are on. Hallelujah. We can see where we're going. What about power being restored back to the church of the living God? I'm telling you, we got more than energy power. We got more than co-op power. We got a supernatural power restored back to the church. Oh, the lights are on, somebody. Whatever you have need of in the house, you ain't got to worry about it being disconnected. There's an energy flowing through that current, through that line tonight. If you can trust God and believe, power has been restored back to the church of the living God. And for a subtitle, I want to call it this. such as I have. Now, let's get in the word. You seem prime for service tonight. Acts 3 and verse one. We're certainly honored to be here. And as brother Brad insinuated, and I think I did in January, our kids done went and did it. So, we going to be here a lot more. Y'all could have done a little bit better than that. [Applause] Come on. Give us a little bit. priming for us, honey. You're embarrassing me. That's all right. I'll come along. We'll have a good time. There's turkey season. There's deer season. I mean, there's all kinds of stuff we can do in Kentucky. Woo! I'm coming. All right. Acts 3 and verse one. Now, Peter and John went up together in the temple at the hour of prayer being the ninth hour. Notice they were attending service. Don't tell me you can have church at home because Peter and John were going to the house of God. They were going to make petitions and make their petitions known to God. We done got so supernatural, so spiritual in this hour, we don't need church. And find out where you'll be when you don't go to the house of God. Find out where you'll be when you're not making petitions known to God. Peter and John at the ninth hour went to the temple at the hour of prayer. And a certain man laying from his mother's womb was carried whom they lay daily at the gate of the temple which is called beautiful to ask arms of them that entered into the temple who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked in arms. And Peter fastening his eyes upon him with John said look on us. Woo man, you get some preachers doing that today, telling you to look on me, look on this, and look on that. We snip these little things out and send it all around the world. Look what he's trying to do. Build his own kingdom. Peter wasn't about building his kingdom. He was about displaying the kingdom of God. He saw a man crippled. Let me tell you, there's a lot worse things you can be than crippled in your feet. You can be crippled in your spirit. You can be crippled in your soul. You can be creepled in your in your mentality toward the things of God. And Peter saw him and he said, "Look on us. Otherwise, take your eyes off your problem tonight. Take your eyes off your situation tonight. Take your eyes off your trial tonight and look on us for a minute." Peter done been somewhere, church. And if you'd been where Peter was, you'd had that same kind of fire, that same kind of passion, that same kind of confidence, that same kind of trust. Peter knew where he had just come from and he was ready to expose it or to share it to give it away. Notice now Peter put his eyes on. He said, "Look on us." And he he gave heed of them expecting to receive something of them. Then Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee." Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. Come on, you can do better now. ELT, in the name of Jesus Christ, whatever that need was that you lifted to God, in the name of Jesus, rise up and walk away free tonight. Walk away delivered tonight. Walk away healed tonight. Amen. And he took him by the right hand and lifted him up. And immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength. And he leaping up and he walked and he entered in with them into the temple walking, leaping and praising God. Oh, we're not supposed to act that way in church. [Music] Come on, man. What can we do on a Wednesday night when somebody gets set free? When somebody's crippled his leaves and they begin to leap up and walk and shout and praise God, but it's a Wednesday night. I don't care if it's a Tuesday night. He still deserves your praise. He still deserves your worship. It's God that breaks the chains off of our lives. It's God that raises you from a crippled [Applause] condition. There was nothing bashful about his worship. And all the people saw him walking and praising God. And they knew that it was he which sat for arms at the beautiful gate of the temple. And they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him. God bless you. You can have your seats. Unless you want to stand with me all night. We'll have church. Let's go. Hallelujah. I don't know about you, but I feel fired up tonight. Notice here in this section of scripture that I read, I had a brother reach out to me a while back and he says, "Is this the third pool in action?" I told a brother back I said if we are the people of the open book and we believe that Revelations 10 is truly to the bride of Jesus Christ and we are born again believers and we are a continuation of the book of Acts then I say yes sir we must fit this scripture. We must be a people in the end time operating under the fulfillment of the word of God. Come on somebody. But notice unbelief which is the enemy of our faith is prevalent to what? Hinder you hinder you from re receiving the promise of God or to even destroy your expectation. Can we have that in 2025? Can we have that in my church? Oh, we've we come from this church and they didn't act like it in this church. See, they try the spirit of the enemy is trying to destroy the expectation that we can have a revival. Come on church, get behind it tonight. Let me tell you, the devil is going to be there every step of the way to hinder you, to stop you, to prohibit you. But the bride of Jesus Christ, she has said the Lord, and the move is on, brother and sister. I say the move is on for for the bride of Jesus Christ. But the spirit of the enemy is there to always put your focus on something else. Whether that's a man or he's building his ideas and he's building his kingdom and he's doing this and he's doing that. But notice there is a scripture that we're going to get into tonight and we we find it in the book of Joel because Peter goes back to the book of Joel shortly after this. We find in Joel one it says that which the polymer worm had left the locust has eaten and that which the locust had left the cankerworm had eaten and that which the cankerworm had left the caterpillar has eaten. So we find that these four insects are the very same insect only in a different stage. Just like the believer, he can live in a justified stage, but he's got to progress to a sanctified stage. And from a sanctified stage to a Holy Ghost fililled stage. So it's the same insect through four different stages that we find this insect is about destroying, not building up, but destroying the bride tree. God planted a tree in the garden. God had a perfect tree. And we find what did the enemy come do? He came and defiled it. He become to eat on it and eat on it and eat on it. And we find brother Brandon would tell us the polymer, what did he do? He ate the fruit off the tree. Ate the fruit of joy. Ate the fruit of faith. Ate the fruit of brotherly love. Well, they don't go to my church and they believe this crazy idea and they did. And we can't have no fellowship with nobody because of all our separations. I ask you, where is brotherly love in any of that? If a tuxedo should put their arms around some overalls, where are we at in 2025? Somebody don't make as much money as we make. And we Oh, come on. Oh, we done got so dignified in the house of God. We We about like we were in junior high. Little status, little symbol, a little bit of money, a little bit of no money and all that. I keep them at arms length. They don't they don't make six figures. Okay. But notice the cankerorm or the polymer worm here eats off the brotherly love. Listen what your prophet say about it. He said all that Luther left the Methodist ate. All the Methodists left the Baptist eat. All the Baptist let the Pentecost and he said the whole thing is cut down. And then what it do? The first fruit of it was brotherhood up. He says that's one of the thing that kills the church right there. When there's no brotherly love, I'm not supporting their meeting cuz they don't support mine. Where's the brotherly love at in that? I ain't supporting that meeting cuz I don't like that brother. He done me wrong 25 years ago. Well, get over it. Have some brotherly love about you. Don't let that little insect eat that off of you tonight. God's got a promise of restoration. Notice brotherly love. Then brother Bam talks about now let's see God's God's tree. How many want to see God's tree? How he describes God's tree. All right, brother. I think it's going to be me and you and one other person want to know about this tree tonight. I'm not sure where everybody else is at, but notice what he says. Let's picture a big tree, God's tree. It's bearing nine spiritual gifts. There's healing the sick. There's speaking in tongues. There's casting out devils. that's doing great works, preaching the unadulterated word of God. No denomination to tie them down. They are free doing a great work. Amen. I'm talking about God's tree. God's church, not a man-made church, not a man-made idea, but what God thinks about his tree. What God thinks about his church. And you look at 1 Corinthians 12 and verse4, Paul will put it like this. Now there's diversities of gifts, but the same spirit. There's differences of administration, but the same Lord. There are differences of operations, but in the same God, which workketh all in all, but the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. For one is given by the spirit of the word of wisdom. So now look at these nine spiritual gifts that you're that should be in operation in every church of God. Nine spiritual gifts should be in operation in every church. So for to one is given by the spirit of the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit, to another faith by the same spirit, to another the gifts of healing by the same spirit, to another working of miracles. That word miracle, there is dunamis power to perform miracles. Don't tell me that the days of miracle is over. When God laid it in his word, he said, "This is one of the nine spiritual gifts that should be in operation in every local assembly." We should expect the power of God. We should expect the supernatural. We should expect the miraculous to take place, the miracles. It's here today, church. It ain't passed off for another day. It ain't back in 1965. He is here today doing the same signs, the same wonders because his word declares it. Amen. The working of miracles to another prophecy. Well, that's only for a prophet. Nine spiritual gifts in every local assembly. And what is preaching the gospel? Prophecy going forth. And to another the discerning of spirits. And to another diverse kinds of tongues. and to another interpretation of tongues. But all these work at that one in a self-same spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will. But you see, the enemy gets in and he wants to eat off these gifts so that that church sits cold, formal, powerless. There's no expectation on a Wednesday night. Come on. Oh, we come and we go through the form. We go through the formality. We looked apart, dressed apart, sit in our same pew. How dare you get in my pew? I have been sitting in that pew for 15 years. But have you made a move? Have you made a move? Oh, I'm talking about making a move. I'm talking about the crippleness getting off of you tonight. You can sit there until the rapture comes. I ain't talking about your place on a pew. I'm talking about your place in the lamb's book of life. Have you been inscribed there? I'm talking about one that's here tonight to make a move for you, to move for your child, a move for your kid. He's the same living God tonight in Elton, Kentucky that he is when he walked the shores of Galilee as he is when he was in in in Groos, Virginia and just healed brother Ron Spencer. He's the same God. And he's looking for somebody that'll take him at his word. Somebody that'll believe, somebody say, "Yes, Lord. Let it be me tonight, God." [Music] somebody that can look to the scripture and say, "You can't tell me that that's not alive today." God put it in his word. Who are you as a man to take it out? God put the operation of the nine spiritual gifts there. Who are you to say it ain't in operation today? Who died and made you God? Well, we got the word. Yeah. Then read it. Really? I mean, come on. At least practice what you're saying. You got the word. We'll read the word. Put it in operation tonight. But that little insect begins to eat down. Oh, we ain't seen nothing in a long time. Eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat. Heats the joy off the church. Eats the faith out of the believer. How do you know this is a word? It's been translated over and over. I mean, come on. This is the King James. When was he alive? He didn't even do it himself. He just took credit for it. Come on. Notice, eat the joy off. I love what he says here about that. See, that's another fruit that he ate off. The joy of salvation. How many of you got the joy of your salvation? How many? Come on. About two or three of us. I mean, you really got the joy of your salvation. You don't mind coming to church. You don't mind how long the preacher preaches. You don't mind how he's laying it down. It don't matter if it's, let me tell you, if it's joy unspeakable and full of glory, we should receive it. We should accept it. We should say yes, it's for me and for my family. But he's Oh, you he didn't ate the joy of your salvation. Sh. You shouldn't be that emotional in church, brother Joe. I know some of you. It's a quote out of the restoration of the bride. Shh. You people make too much noise. Let me Y'all done heard me talk about my testimony. I used to be out there in the world, man. I'd hoop it up, run it up, drink it up, shout it up, praise it up for the devil. And if I could do that with an uncurrender life, what can I do with a life committed to God? I'm not going to give the devil more than I I'm not going to give him more than I can give my God because he redeemed me. He saved me. He set me free tonight. He broke the shackles off my life. I enjoy I enjoy my salvation. I enjoy my religion. I enjoy this message. I enjoy my God. Why not enjoy it? Why poke your neighbors? They get you some of this. It's good. It's worth serving. Let me tell you, it'll make you have a take a bad day and turn it into a good day. You people make way too much noise. You ever heard that? You make way too much noise, Gideon. All that jumping around. There's some churches you can't say that about. Ain't no jumping. Everybody's bent over stiff from alahhide done set in. They dead. But to enjoy, enjoy, brother Glenn, all that God's done for you. Enjoy what he's done and expect him to do more. It ain't over, church. It ain't over till God says it's over. And you're sitting there tonight is proof that God still wants to move. He still want to pour it out. But you make too much noise. All that crying, saying amen, shouting, that's a bunch of nonsense. We don't do that here in Kentucky. I'm just picking on Kentucky because I'm in Kentucky tonight. There's nothing to that. First thing you know, he says, "You set in a big morg, you know, sat there, all of them dead, some of these inbombing fluids of so-called doctrines of creeds pumped into their veins where the spirit of God ought to be running." Where the spirit of God, did you hear that? The spirit of God ought to be running. Well, we don't act like that. Well, do you got the spirit of God running through your veins? Or don't you tonight? Because if you got the spirit of God running through your veins, you can't help but shout. You can't help but dance. You can't help but praise God because he's done something for you. He's turned your life around. He made you a son of God, a daughter of God. He's healed your body. He saved your soul. Oh, hallelujah. That's what God has done for you tonight. And the spirit of God should be running through our veins. This ain't some dead Methodist church. This ain't some dead Catholicism. We are the church of the living God and power has been restored back to the church. He says, "No wonder they're icy cold and dead. Spiritual thermometer 90 below zero." Yep. Somebody say amen. Crack that neck behind. Oh, don't act like you ain't never done it. Who did all that? There you go. Oh yeah. Spirit moving. All of a sudden, somebody shouts out a hallelujah. Acts uncontrollably, maybe stand up. Heaven forbid somebody run. I told Brother Brad, "Look, I done picked up me some new shoes. I polished them up for you last night. I said, I put my dancing shoes on tonight cuz I'm expecting God. I'm expecting God to do great things. I didn't come with sad shoes. I didn't come with concrete shoes. I came with dancing shoes. I came with praising shoes. I came to glorify my king tonight because he does great things. Let the spirit of God flow through your veins. You'll get as excited as I am right now. Amen. Brother Tommy, you know what it means for alcohol to flow through your veins. Man, you feel 10 foot tall, bulletproof. No, we ain't but 5 foot nothing. Feel like I'm the biggest man in the room. If alcohol can do that, what about the spirit of God? If alcohol, if drugs can make you feel that invincible, what about the spirit of God? What about the power that is supposed to be in the church? How many of you have ever ever went to a like a little electrical plug and accidentally touched it? When there ain't no power, you can touch it all day long. Look at me. Turn the power on that joker. Turn the power on it. Flip the breaker. Turn it back on, church. And go over there and touch it, man. You'll get a shot. Hallelujah. I said you'll get a shot you can't control. There's power in the church. There's power in the house of God. Hallelujah. Just touch it one time. I can't see it. You can't see it, but I dare you to touch it. I dare you to touch it tonight. You got a need from God. I dare you to touch him tonight. I dare you to let the power of God restore back to you tonight. Then the locust, brother Brad, it would change stages. Then the locust be to munch and eat. And what did he do? He ate the leaves to fellowship off the tree. Well, we should be able to fellowship with one another. What does the leaves do on a hot day in the summer? Y'all have them here in Kentucky. You want to find the tree that's got the most leaves on it. Brings a little bit of shade, a little coolness. No matter how you're feeling, no matter if you agree or disagree with the other person sitting underneath that tree, you're there to cool off, no matter how frustrated you are with what's going on in the church, in your family, on your job, just come sit under the coolness of the big oak tree. But if the leaves are ate off, there's no reprieve from the heat. All you feel is the heat and the pressure of life and the pressure of this and the pressure of that and the intensity of this. And we find that this locus begin to eat the fellowship off. Well, he's a Presbyterian. I won't have any fellowship with him. Or he don't believe this or he believes this doctrine. He believes that idea. Well, we g we're not having fellowship. I tell you what, your your prophet your prophet was a prime example. Draw me out of your circle. I'm going to draw one bigger and I'm going to draw you right back in. I'm going to pull you right back in my circle because see the locust hadn't ate off his fellowship, had ate off his leaves. And we find next thing you got the canker worm. What's he do? He gets into the bark of it and it begins to eat the life out of the tree. Don't let some cankerworm spirit get a hold of you and just eat the life out of you. You sit there full of bitterness. You sit there full of jealousy. You sit there full of envy and and disgust about how God's blessing this one and not blessing you and you're going through a trial. Let me tell you, God brings you to a trial so he can perfect you through the trial. I just got through reading the book of Job and I tell you, you know, sometimes, Brother B, I'll be honest with Brother Thomas, I'd skip over the book of Job because you know what? I'm like, my goodness, that man went through it. That was for you. Job went through it. His friends turned on him. I mean, it's chapter after chapter after chapter after chapter. If I had friends like Job, I'll get some new ones. And then his wife, won't you just curse God and die? Tired of hearing about it, Joe. I'm sick of it. You're making a house a wreck. We done lost our wealth. We done lost our kids. We lost everything. And you look at you. You look pathetic. Don't let that be you, wife. Job went through it. But Job remained faithful. Job remained true to God. And notice Job did. He wasn't aware of the conversation that God had with his archeneemy, the devil, about Job's life. See, God had confidence in Job. And I'm going to tell you tonight, if you're going through a trial, God has confidence in you tonight. He know you'll stand. He know you won't fall. He know you won't back up. He knows you won't wither. God knows it's about you tonight. God allowed the trials to come to perfect Job's life and his the Bible says that in his latter days he was blessed more abundantly than his early days. God restored. Did you hear that? God restores. He restored double to Job. Notice the canken worm after he got amongst the congregation, he got them all dignified. Dignified, aristocratic. We don't act like that. I'm not even going to pick on any Canadians or or would be Canadians. They just different than us Louisiana, southern Kentucky people. But you hear what this cankerworm does. Gets in there and gets us all dignified. If you don't come with the suit, you're not welcome at our church. We expect you, no matter how much money you make, to look the part. There are churches under the umbrella of what we call the message. They are churches. There are movements that you must come in dressed to the nines. You may drive a hoop at home, but park it at home. You rent that stinking the Cadillac and drive it to church and dress like you're there for business. Churches have become so dignified. The people become so dignified. He said you took all the fellowship. He took all the fellowship away. Come on. Even like don't let that be you, brother Thomas. Don't let that ever be Thomas Ber. You keep preaching this message. I don't care if they walk in it. Well, half-dressed, but you got to make sure you got enough clothes on to hide it. But come as you are. Let me tell you, don't don't go out there and rent a suit. Yes. Don't go out and try to put on to be something that you're not. No. Get the love of God in your life. Get the Holy Ghost in your soul. Let me tell you, you won't try to be dignified. You won't become starchy and cold and indifferent. No, you come expecting God to move. You'll come believing for the power of God. Next thing you know, notice he said instead of giving them the new birth, they gave him a they gave him a creed. shake the preacher's hand. Brother would tell us, "Don't take the natural. The natural is always death." Then you got the caterpillar. What does he do? He sucks the He's a sucker. He sucks the life out of the tree. And the Holy Spirit is the life of the vine. And that when that thing goes to work and goes to eating and goes to knowing, it sucks the life out of the tree. You know what it does? that gives you some kind of form of godliness, but you deny the power. You deny the effects of the power of God and all you have is a formality. Oh, my hair is long. I don't wear makeup. I wear skirts. Boys don't wear skirts. Just FYI, I'll throw that one out there just so we're free and clear on that one. In this day and age, you got to put that out there, right? We don't operate like that. But we find here, you see what these enemies are doing. You see the spirit belongs in the bride church. Shouting belongs in the church. Joy and the joy it belongs in the bride church. Peace belongs in the church. Oh, healing belongs in the church. Prophecies belong in the church. Interpretations belong in the church. Let me tell you, tongues, it belongs in the church. Let me tell you, we should have joy in the house of God. It belongs in the church. Are you the church tonight? What? One left, the other eat until there was nothing left but a dead tree. And every time God sends a big rush of the glory down, they just moan. Oh, we hadn't had a move. We didn't do that when I was a kid. We didn't act like that. We don't need all that. It'll do some of us good to go back to Pentecost. Some of us all we went back to is 63, 64, 65. It'll be some of us good to go all the way back. Not 1909. I'm talking about all the way back. Keep going on a little bit further. Keep going on a little bit further. Oh, go back to where the church was inaugurated. Go back when they came out of the upper room staggering like drug men, like drug women. Oh, they were stammering with lips. They thought they were drunk and full of new wine. It'll do some of us good to come to church and go out acting like that. What happened on the day of Pentecost? God tripped the breaker and turned the power on. I say, God, turn the power on tonight. People got a need. Kids are in need. Mama's in need. Daddy's in need. Grandparents are in need. Turn the power on tonight. [Applause] In the book of Joel verse or chapter 2 and verse 25, I just read you what this these insects have done to the tree. But God in the richness of his word. Joel 25 verse two verse 25. Chapter 22 25. I will restore. I will restore. He's going to restore to somebody. Come on. You could be sitting by your neighbor not getting nothing. Dead, cold, indifferent. But God promised a restoration to somebody. God said, "I will restore, not may restore. Oh, if it's possible, I think I will restore. If you can believe for it, let me tell God put in his word. There's going to be a restoration of the bride. Whether you want to believe it, whether you want to doubt it or not, God is going to restore. And there's going to be a people. There's going to be a bride. There's going to be somebody. It's going to be a beneficiary of the restoration of power. They're going to believe. Somebody's going to believe in this day that the power is on. Oh, hallelujah. When you say, "Brother Joe, I need a scripture." Go to Ephesians 5 and verse 27. This is God speaking that he is going to present. Notice he is going to present to himself a glorious church. God is going to present a glorious. This word glorious here means splendid. Oh, come on. You can do better than that. Honored, gorgeous. You know, when I look in the mirror, I don't think I'm ugly. I just be I'm like, "Oh, boy. God did good when he made you." No, I'm just kidding. We look in the mirror and we look Oh, man. We see every fat sale. You know what fat sales? They going to make it in the rapture. Them things don't die, they multiply. We've been starving ourselves to death for two months getting ready for this wedding. I feel I ain't lost an ounce. But I don't stand in front of that mirror all gloomy. No, I look at the transformation. What I was to what I am. Oh, I want you look in the mirror of God's word tonight. Look at what you were and look at what you are tonight. Look at what your desires used to be and look what they are tonight. Stand in the mirror of God's word. Quit looking back at what you used to be. Look at what God has made you today. Look at your reflection in the mirror of God's word. God has restored unto you tonight power and demonstration and manifestation. You're not what you used to be. You may not be what you want to be, but thank God something's changed. Thank God you're different. Thank God your desires have been changed. Thank godly for the supernatural. He's going to present to himself a glorious church. Honored, gorgeous. Woo. You need to start thinking some good pronouns for yourself or some adjectives. We say it around my house. We're blessed and highly favored. Come on, somebody. We're the head, not the tail. What do you mean, Brother Joe? The head, not the tail. I'm like, we ain't the dog, the tail wagging the dog. We are the head directing the tail. Hallelujah. We are sons of God tonight. We are the head and not the tail. We're going up and not down. Some of you need to tell the devil that tonight. I am the head tonight. I'm blessed and highly favored. [Applause] Oh my. A glorious church. illustrious, honorable esteem free from sins. Sounds like to me he done restored power to that church. Earlier this morning, we had no water at 1,65 stream whatever drive we was on. I guess that's the address. I got lucky. Maybe not. Had close enough. And that trailer we was in. Got there this morning. No water. It was cut off. But you know what we did? About two or three hours in, we done replplumbed that entire house. Put new fixtures in, new lines in. Some of them we had to put a little tape on them, little teflon tape to tidy them up a little bit. Some of you need a little bit of tape on you. Tidy up so there ain't no leaks. Come on. And all of a sudden, Brother Brad said, "I'm going to turn the power." I said, "Praise God. We need a potty in this house. We tired of driving down the road to use the bathroom, but when he did, we found a couple leaks. We didn't leave them leaking. And let me tell you, God ain't going to leave you leaking tonight. Got to fix it up, right? Got to put some teflon or the Holy Ghost around those toilets and make sure there ain't no leaks. And I tell you, when we walked out of that house at 4:00 today, everything was plumbed up. The toilets were running. The sinks were running. Everything ran as it should. Why? Because there's been power of water restored back to the church. What can God do to us? I just been leaking, brother Joe. I just been leaking. You ain't got a leak anymore. You in the right place for it tonight. Some of you raise your hand. I got a need. That's a leak. Let me tell you, God is here. He's the greatest plumber you've ever met. He can fix that leak. He can make sure the water flows. The water of the Holy Ghost flowing through your life, flowing through your family, flowing through your children. God can do that for you. But thank the Lord, he put a promise in his word. I will restore. These destroying insects had eaten a bride tree down to there was any hope of revival. Can we have a revival? She'd gone down through the dark ages. But there was a word that's already been spoke. And no matter how dark it got, no matter how much they ate, it was not going to rule out the word of restoration. And can I tell you tonight, no matter how far it goes, no matter how far that waver child goes, that prodal goes, no matter how sick they get, it doesn't anull, I will restore. Brother would tell us, we got too many beaver preachers today trying to dam up all the water up and say, "Well, this is ours and this is just for us here and this belongs to us." And what happens to it? It becomes stagnated. That's what's the matter with a lot of organizations trying to back up the water for your organization only and it's got stagnated. Notice you know stagnated water get a little of these wiggle tails in it. That's what the matter with some of the church today. Little wiggle over here and wiggle out there. The days of miracles have passed. No such thing as divine healing. Can't sit five minutes in a minute. Oh my goodness. Stagnated water. Beaver dance. Blow it out. Come on somebody. Blow it out tonight. Blow out the stagnated one. Take that log of indifference and blow it out tonight and let the Holy Ghost flow through. God gave the promise of restoration. And that's what this message is. It's a promise of restoration. What? Restoration of life. Restoration of power. Restoration of the promise of returning back to the original. A promise of fulfillment. Restored fruit. joy, faith, peace, happiness. Some of you need that fruit tonight. Some of us need it. Let me tell you, there's good days and bad days. We're human, right? And sometimes you don't want to come to church. You bring this old carnality nature and take it and bring it, drag it to the house of God. Say, "Oh, boy, you need some joy. You ain't going to get it at home." Let me tell you, you stream all you want to. It ain't the same like being in the presence. When Moses got in front of that burning bush, he didn't stream the bush. Oh, he felt the effects, brother Tommy, of the bush. You couldn't tell Moses that bush was fake. You couldn't tell Moses that was only scientific reason. It was only intellectual. Moses was at the bush. Moses heard the voice. Moses felt the power. I said, "Oh God, let me feel the power of the burning bush today." They can't talk it out of it. I've been there. I've been changed. I'm not going back. I can't be the same. Restored leaves, restored fellowship, restored covering, restored life. Jehovah Gyra, God said, "I will restore, sayaith the Lord, all the years. I'll send back another church in the last days. I will restore that original power again. Tell me we days of miracles has passed, I say hogwash. Tell me we can't have miracles today, I say hogwash. You tell me God don't deliver cancer, I say hogwash. You tell me that God can't save our children, I say hogwash. I say God will again restore the original church with the same power, the same size, and the same wonders. We either believe this or we don't. So God sent us a message to restore this end time bride back to the same power to be equivalent to the same bride and the same power and the same supernatural and the same miraculous that they received on the day of Pentecost. Amen. The same. How do they act? 120. Well, I don't believe that way. 120 staggered out. Well, I didn't learn that. They didn't learn that either. All they had was Moses's law. They weren't expecting Joel to his word to come to pass. They kept looking to Moses's law. Moses's law. Moses's law. But when the word of fulfillment came, they didn't see it. Oh, little bride, don't get disgusted out there. Don't discredit the word because you ain't seen it. You begin to expect it. You begin to pray for wait on it. Wait on it until the day of Pentecost fully came. 10 days they waited in that upper room. I'm going to go just about another 15 minutes. That okay tonight. They waited 10 days and no doubt there was some chatter. Peter, why you got us up here? John, let me come on have a talk with Peter. Come on. We We've been here forever and we ain't seen nothing. Sometimes that's how we get cuz we're human, right? Ain't none of y'all robots programmed for this? They just as natural as us. You mean we got to have a week of meetings? I mean, come on, brother Thomas. What are you thinking? It's hot in May. It ain't that hot. But it's going to get hot. Going to get hot. And if you ain't right with God, it's going to get hotter and hotter and hotter. But notice here they were in the upper room 10 days finally. Oh, you feel that? Whoa. Come out like a mighty rushing wind. There was no denying who was flowing in. There was no denying what was happening. This wasn't some gentle breeze. This wasn't the the windows lifted up so they can get a fresh air. No, the power of the Holy Ghost came down like a rushing mighty wind and begin to lay upon them. And the prophet of God said that was the logos himself dividing himself upon the people. I said, "Oh logos, tonight divide yourself among us. Follow me tonight. Let me fill your spirit one more time. If this message is a restoration message, then why shouldn't we believe for it? The message that we've been given, the opening of the seals, the restor, excuse me, the restoration of original power. If this is not the power, then where is it? Come on, church. I'm asking you an honest question. If this is not the power, then where is it? If William Brandham is not the manifestation of Malachi 4, Revelations 10:7, then where is that man that must fulfill that scripture? Cuz we're not leaving here until that has been performed. But can I ask you another question? How many of your hearts have been turned back? Come on. I need a little bit more participation today. How many of your hearts have been turned back? Well, then your proof tonight that Malachi 4 has already came. Your proof tonight that Revelations 10:7 has already been manifested. And if that's the case, you are proof tonight that power has been restored back because it took the power of God to change your thinking and change your mentality and turn you from unbelief to believing. [Applause] If this is not that source of power, then I ask you where where will it come from? Cuz I want to be near it. I want to receive it. If I knew at my house I had no power and my neighbor had power, that means one or two things. I didn't pay the bill. That means I didn't do my part. Or somebody cut the source. If my neighbor has power and I don't, if my neighbor has power and I don't, I don't want you to put it in a neighborhood on a house address in the street. I'm talking about your neighbor in that pew. If my neighbor has power and I don't, either I didn't pay the bill. Come on. I either I didn't do what I need to do to have their power restored on when I come to the house of God and I sit there like a bump on a pickle. If I didn't do my part, then shame on me. There won't be any power. But let me tell you, all that you got to do is come down to the altar and pay that bill and the power will be restored to that church. I said the power of the Holy Ghost will be restored back to that life. And another thing, if there's no power and you have paid your bill, then somebody has cut off your service and you can appeal to the agent. Say, "Look, my bill is in. I got a I got a clear check." Woo! I said, "I got a clear check. The debt has been paid. I should had power. They will dispatch an army out to that house and flip the breaker and turn that source of power back on. Somebody needs to appeal to the Holy Ghost tonight. I don't have power. My family don't have power. My marriage is lacking power. But tonight, I'm appealing my [Applause] case. How old power turn back on. He may be going through a mental condition. feel like you're just waited down by depression, anxiety, fears, maybe even contemplating suicide. That's a lie of the enemy, that's because the source of power has been cut off, man. Well, if you can ever get that current flowing, oh my, you can ever get 220 pumping back into that house, pumping back into that breaker, right? It comes through one source where there's a lot of breakers in that box and it feeds this room and it feeds this room and it feeds this one and this one and this one. And if you can ever get that main source powered back up, church, there ain't nothing that that house won't provide. Let me tell you. And if you can get this source powered back up, there'll be spiritual tongues in the church. There'll be manifestation of interpretations in the church. There'll be discernment in the church. There'll be healings in the church. There'll be miracle. Come on, somebody. There'll be miracles in the church. All we got to do is get the power restored. Prodigals have come back home. I don't care how long they've been out. Turn the power on. All right, let me bring this down to a close. I got to skip a lot of stuff. Notice now Peter and John went together two by two. I like that. Don't go by yourself, church. Peter and John went to the temple about 7 o'clock on a Wednesday night. I mean, y'all didn't hear that, did you? 7 o'clock on a Wednesday night. Went going to the church and notice what they find. Oh, I can just preach, man. I'll tell you what. I'll pick that up later. Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of praying in the ninth hour. And a certain man laying from his mother's womb. He was carried there whom they laid daily. Notice they laid him in this same spot daily. And the history tells us for 40 years of his life. Picked up and placed to beg. A beggar every day, seven days a week. That's the only way he was going to make it. That was the only way his family is going to make it. And some of us, we come daily, Sunday, Wednesday, special meetings, and we sit right in our same spot. This is my spot. I've occupied this spot forever. Do you know that? When we built this church, I claimed that pew. It's got my name somewhere written on the bottom of it. 40 years. Y'all been in this church 20 plus years somewhere around there. But he was a Couldn't offend for himself. Couldn't walk for himself. Couldn't provide for himself. Depended upon the people to provide for him. But this day, this service was different. This service was different because Peter and John just left Pentecost. Peter and John were four days out from Pentecost. Peter, oh, I'm telling you, Peter, is there another Peter here with me tonight? Is there a John in here with me tonight? You done been to Pentecost. You done been changed. There ain't no hallelujah. What about a young person? Have you been there and been changed by the power of God that you know that you know that you know that you met that same pillar of fire and Peter came from that thing four days and then he comes into the house of prayer and he sees a lame man Gideon and he he looked at him. Notice Peter just for a minute said take your eyes off your lameness. Take your eyes off your problem. Take your eyes off that condition. Take your eyes off that situation. Look on us. Why was Peter directing him to look on us? He wasn't about building Peter's kingdom. He wasn't about building the universal church, Catholic church. No, Peter had just left the source of power. Peter had just left. When they turned it on, Peter was so overturned. Notice Peter was a liar. Peter was a denier. Peter was a cursor. Peter said, "I'll die for you, Lord." And just a few hours later, he denied the Lord three times. What am I telling you tonight? God can turn your life around. You may walked in and denying Peter, but at the day of Pentecost, when he walked out, he was changed. He was charged with the power of God. And when he walked out four days later, oh hallelujah, that lame man looked as if Peter was about to unload a a pocketbook of money. Peter didn't have no money, Brother Brad. He gave up fishing. He went fulltime in the ministry. You don't get rich in the ministry. I would thought I would heard some preachers say amen to that, but none of them did. You don't get rich, but your blessings are on the other side. Notice what Peter said. Peter looked down on Peter. Remember the word of Job. If they will call upon the name of the Lord, they shall be saved. Hear this lame man, man, 40 years at the same spot calling on the name of the Lord. I want to be saved. I want to walk. I want to be free. I don't want to stay in this condition. Let me tell you, if that's you tonight, God can raise you up out of that crippled condition. Oh, Peter looked at him. He said, "Silver and gold, hallelujah, have I done, but such as I have, such as I have." What do you got tonight? I got power. I got the anointing. I got the Holy Ghost. I got an experience. I've been there. I've seen the power turned on. Such as I have give I thee. Such as I have. And he reached down and lifted. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] He reached down. Gideon picked him up and he went walking, leaping, and praising God. Come on, Gideon. Walking, leaping, praise God. Cuz we're free tonight. I'm telling you, you're free tonight. Power has been restored. Power has been restored. Such as I have. He was expecting some money. Well, what Peter was about to give him, he would never beg again. He will never hear me when I say this. He will never come back to that spot. 40 years in that spot. But this day was different. I'm never coming back to that spot. God knows that spot. Never coming back. God knows that spot. Young man, that condition. Let me just tell you tonight, God knows. He's seen no seizures. And I'm here to tell you tonight, God is here to move on your behalf. Cuz such as I have, give I to thee in the name of Jesus Christ. You don't have to be tormented any longer by seizures. Father God, I pray you'll touch them. May there be a spirit of God, touch them right now, Lord, I preach faith, the power of God, I pray right now, Holy Spirit, as I lay my hands on this child. May the power of Pentecost, may the power of the Holy Ghost surge through him right now. Satan, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. Take your hands off of God's property. You believe it, church. The power is here. The anointing is here. It's been restored to the church of the living God. You got a need. I got a God. You got a situation. I got a God. Such as I have. Musicians, come. Such as I have. Give I thee tonight. power restored to the church. Not a oneman ministry. Uh those days are over. God is working in and through his bride. And if you got a need tonight, I say like Peter, look on us. When that angel of the Lord told your prophet said, "If you can get the people to believe you, nothing will stand before your prayer, not even cancer." He said, "Not believe me, but believe what I'm telling you. I have preached to you the word of God and the spirit of God accompanies the message." And if you got a need tonight, I got a God for you. No matter what your need is, no matter how big, how small, I believe God is here for you tonight. Restore power. If you got a need, won't you just make your way now? We got a song leader tonight. Let's just sing Only Believe. Let's invite the angel of the Lord here tonight. Amen. Brother Jonathan, today's a different day. Yes. Yes. Today's a different day. Yes. When I was studying this thought, Amen. God laid you on my heart. I didn't know your name, but I know you were John's son. Amen. And I was telling brother Bad in the back when I came to here last year at May and Turkey hunting and I left here. I went to North Carolina and I preached for brother uh brother Josh Bennett. And there was a young man. His dad's a p or his dad's a preacher. I can't remember his name. name. I think it's Seth Carlos nephew Coffee. Seth Coffee, his son about four or five years old, maybe maybe three or four. He had something going on with him and he was just out uncontrollable and doctors couldn't figure it out what was going on with him. And at the end of the service, I called him up. Amen. And we prayed and we laid hands on him and we anointed him with oil. He fought us cuz he didn't know what was going on. But we prayed and six months after that service, I got a phone call, tell brother Joe that my son is completely healed. He's not had one more bout. What am I telling you? I'm telling you, it's time to believe. It's time to doubt your doubts and put your faith on the line and know that God has called you to be a son and daughter of God. And we're not waiting on the church. We are the church. We're not waiting on the power. The power's here. God is looking for somebody that'll believe. Will you believe him tonight? God bless you, church. You got a need, I'm here to pray with you. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. [Music] Only believe. Yes, Lord. Only believe. Only believe and all things are possible. [Music] only believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord. That all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I [Music] believe. Oh Lord, I believe and all things are possible. Lord, I believe for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. and all things are possible. Jesus is here and Lord I receive. Oh Lord I receive and all things are possible. Oh Lord, I receive. Lord, anoint sister Adriana. Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive and all things are possible. Oh Lord, I receive. Oh, just only believe. Only believe and all things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Yes. Only believe. [Music] Oh, leave be granted Lord. Oh, all things are possible. Only believe for Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. And all things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible for Jesus. Lord I believe tonight. Oh Lord I believe. Yes Lord. Lord I believe. And all things are possible. Lord, I grant it tonight. Lord, yes, Lord. And Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. And all things are possible. Lord, I help her to receive tonight. Lord, oh and Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive that all things are possible. Granted, Lord, Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive. Lord I receive and all things are possible. Lord grant it Lord Jesus tonight we believe tonight. Oh only believe. [Music] only believe that all things are possible. Only believe. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. Grant it tonight, Lord. Oh, all things are possible. Just only believe. Oh yes, for Jesus is here. Yes, Lord. Give her what she has need of. Lord, you see her heart tonight, Lord. Oh, all things are possible. Oh yes, Jesus is here tonight, Lord. We love you, Lord. Oh, Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Yes, Lord. Oh, all things are possible. Yes, Lord. Jesus is here. Lord, help us to believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, oh yes, all things are possible. Yes, Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe and all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh, just only be. Lord, help Sister Lisa tonight. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. And all things are possible. Yes, Lord. Lord, I believe. For my Jesus is here. Oh yes. Oh Jesus is here. Yes. Oh, and all things are possible. Yes, Lord. For Jesus. Hallelujah. He's here. Oh yes, Jesus. Brother Joe, one more. He's here. Oh, Jesus is here. Yes, Lord. And all things are possible. Yes, Lord. For Jesus, hallelujah, is here. And Lord, I believe tonight, Lord, oh Lord, I believe all things are possible. Lord Jesus, he's here. Here, oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible. Jesus is here and Lord I believe. Help sister Sarah. Lord. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. and all things are possible. Oh Lord, I believe and Lord I receive. Oh Lord I receive that all things are possible. Oh Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive and all things are possible. Lord, I receive. Oh, just only believe. Yes, Lord. Oh, believe that all things, yes, Lord, are possible. Yes, Lord. Believe. Oh, believe. Holy believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Oh Jesus is here. Yes, Jesus is here. And all things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus Lord is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible for Jesus is Lord I believe. Oh Lord I believe. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. and all things are possible. Lord, I believe for my Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Yes Lord. Oh Jesus is here. Yes Lord. All things are possible. Yes, Lord Jesus is here. Amen. We can say we've certainly been in the presence of the Lord tonight. God certainly been mindful of our needs, our desires, the intents of our heart. It's just been good to have been in the house of the Lord. You know, when as brother Joe was preaching, I couldn't help but think and I talked to brother Ron this week. And you know, if you hadn't seen his little testimony, you ought to watch it because it sure builds your faith. Four months. They gave him four months to live five years ago. And he got his first clear SCA scan of his brain this last week. Let's give the Lord a hand. [Music] And I talked to him. I said, "You must be ecstatic." He said, "Man, we are feeling good." You say, "Well, that's brother Ron. It's happening here. Clear clear limp nodes." Sister Donna, they sent her home on hospice. We're still moving. Sister Donna, brother Ron said to tell you just to keep taking one step in front of the other and that you're on the prayer list and he thinks of you every single day. God is moving, brothers and sisters. Prodals are coming home. He's very mindful and tonight we've seen the power and the demonstration of the Lord. Why don't we just bow our heads before we dismiss and uh Brother Troy, would you dismiss us in prayer tonight? Everything. Amen. Aren't you thankful that you can leave a service tonight, no matter what you're going through, and know that victory is yours? You can have victory. You can have deliverance. You can have healing. You can have redemption. Everything you have need of, victory is yours. Let's sing that as we get ready to go. Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind cuz victory today is mine. Well, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz joy today is mine. Victory once again. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind. Cuz victory today is mine. Love is mine. Oh, love is mine. Love is mine. Love today. Oh, I know it's mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz love today is mine. Victory is mine. As you dismissed, victory is mine. Victory is mine.
