################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-16 - Bro Andrew Spencer • 5/15/25 • Thur. • From Famine to Revival - Andrew Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-16
Title:   Bro Andrew Spencer • 5/15/25 • Thur. • From Famine to Revival
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGlnZCbe8Cw
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] [Music] Ooh. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. [Music] Ooh. Come on. [Music] Oo. Oh. [Music] Okay. Do you [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Ooh. Ooh. [Music] Amen. How praise the Lord. How many believes he abides? Amen. Amen. All right. You got it good and loud now, brother. I mean, it's my son. Amen. Greetings in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We just want to greet each one of you in his precious name. And I pray that uh from the first word that's spoken to the last word that's spoken, from the first action that is made to the last action that is made that God would be glorified. Amen. That Jesus would be lifted up. Amen. Let's give him a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. We praise you tonight." Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we just want to try to set a good atmosphere this evening. I love that song. Amen. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides. Amen. I think tomorrow night, I think everybody pretty knows uh pretty much knows how what the schedule is. So, we won't go over any of that. But, uh we want to invite I mean, welcome all of our visitors. God bless each and every one of you. Amen. And we're really under expectation. Amen. Uh for the rest of this week. A and I was just thinking I don't want to share too much of my thoughts, but I just I was thinking that uh you know the Lord Jesus never did anything but what the father showed him first. Ain't that right? Amen. And if he might just heal one person and bypass many. Ain't that right? Or he might heal the whole congregation. Amen. And so my heart's desire is Lord, you have your way. Amen. How many wants God to just have his way into service? Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. He abides. Amen. I believe we're in for a treat, don't you? Everything from the worshiping the Lord. I want to see God worshiped. I want to see him lifted up. I want to see uh people praising him. I want to see us shouting. I want to see us thanking the Lord. I want to see the sinners saved. Backsliders come back to the Lord. If there's anybody that's not filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. I believe pray we have another Acts 19. I pray we have an Acts two. I pray we have an Acts 10. Amen. And just the whole book of Acts. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, God bless you. We got some wonderful backup up here tonight. Amen. Amen. Brother Joe Adams and Timothy Puit. Amen. We're glad to have them here with us. Amen. For the first time, both both at once. Amen. So, we got Amen. I'd say a double barrel shotgun, but we got a triple barrel shotgun. Amen. Ain't that so? Praise the Lord. Amen. With brother Andrew. Brother Andrew Glover is with not Glover. I keep saying that. Andrew Spencer. Amen. He's with us and he's going to speak tonight. Amen. And then brother Timothy will be tomorrow night. Amen. And then brother Andrew again Saturday night. And then brother Timothy again Sunday morning. Amen. I thought I would have brother Tommy. Amen. He's uh Amen. Real been a real inspiration and trying to get these meetings together. And we've prayed about it and the Lord has worked it out. And so I want him to come up and just Amen. pray the Lord down. Amen. in an opening prayer. Amen. We appreciate brother Tommy Richmond. Amy, give him a hand. Say, "God bless you, brother [Applause] Tommy. How y'all doing? God bless y'all. Thanks for coming out. I'm excited. You know, did not our hearts burn within us on the road to Emmas?" You know, I I wish my brother could sing it tonight. You know, a fire in my bones. I I've been thinking about that. You know, I don't go out and do drugs. I don't go out and party anymore. You know, this our Super Bowl we're going to kick off. We're going to get we're going to get excited tonight. You know, we're going to worship the Lord Jesus. You know, they they get excited for Jesus. What about we shout Jesus? I want to shout Jesus, you shout Jesus. Huh? When I shout Jesus, you shout Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. I just can't help it but shout Jesus. I love Jesus. Just get you fired up. God is so good. I'm so excited. You know, I got great anticipation and great expectations of what God might do. You know, me and me me and some brothers, we've been praying diligently, you know, tithing a little bit of our time, just praying for these meetings, you know, that God would come pour out another uh book of Acts tonight. You know, we're we're walking in Bible times right now. You know, we're living out the times. You know, he started the church in the book of Acts. He's and he's going to end it the same way he started it. So, what they had, we should have. And I'm praying for a double portion that God would come pour out the same thing that they had but with extreme measure because I'm extreme and I'm believing for extreme things. I want to go higher so higher than woo. Glory to God. I told you there's a fire in my bones. Glory to God. Let's just pray. Dear gracious heavenly father. Lord, we just want to call on your great name. Father, as we assemble ourselves together, Lord, we get in one mind, one accord, Lord, in the spirit of unity. Father, calling you on the scene, Lord God. We know that these ain't nothing but words on the paper, Lord, until you come and make them a reality in our life and come with power and demonstration in the manifestation of your word in our life. Oh God, we're longing for you to come. Lord Jesus, we're calling, Lord, that you would prick the hearts of the backslider, prick the hearts of the unbeliever. Lord, you see whatever have they they have need of, Father, whether they need healing, whether they need deliverance, whatever they have need of, whether they're here or out there online. Lord God, you see them all. Father, you see all of our friends and family. Lord, we pray, oh God, a special prayer over them. But Lord God, we're calling you down right now to walk the aisles of our heart. Lord, come minister to our heart. Lord, help us get out of the way, Father, and surrender a life to you that we can live another life with you through us, Lord, that we may see this life and see everything as you see it. Father, we pray you take all unbelief from our heart. Father, give us the eyes that, Father, we may see you, Father, and walk in the spirit and in truth as you are. For we know you're the truth, the life, and the way, Father. We can do nothing but what you can do through us, Lord, but we know we can do all things through you, Lord. So, we come with great expectations, Lord. We're asking you to come with a special outpouring tonight, Father, as we kick this off, Lord. But this revival, Father, is not just a revival to just come to a meeting, Father. It's a revival to stir the hearts of the people that we may go live a revived life daily. that we can be a burning pillar of fire in action around everybody we come in contact with, Lord. That it's you, God. It's nothing we did, but what you did. You're worthy to be lifted high enough, Lord. God, we love you. We want to praise you, God. We just love you so much, Father. We pray you just come anoint the congreg congregation, anoint the speaker, anoint the hearers, Lord, anoint the worship leaders, anoint the musicians, Lord, that we may have church tonight, Lord. We don't party. We don't do drugs. We don't do that. But we come to church. We come to see you. We come to hear from you. We come to feel you. We want a reality, Lord. Not just some uh uh words of uh man's wisdom, of enticing words of man's wisdom, but empower and demonstration, God. Lord God, that you may get all the glory and honor. Lord Jesus, we love you so much. We thank you, Lord. We we count it a privilege and honor to sit here and dine around the table, dying around the master table as you break this bread of life to us, oh God, and pour out your uh fountain of living water, oh God. We we know your word says the word of God is a seed. Father, we pray you go water the ground. We pray you water and it may grow up and and you said that you are the vine and we are the branches and we may bring more fruit for you, Lord. Lord, help us, oh God. We can do nothing without you, but we love you, oh God. We're just so grateful for you, Lord. We can't thank you enough. We pray you come, Lord Jesus, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We need to teach him to be a song leader. Amen. Amen. I I shouldn't say teach him. God can do anything. Let's sing that little song they she was playing. Amen. and that he abides. Aren't you glad he abides tonight? That one verse says, "Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within but guess what? There's peace because why? He abides." Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the hand of God. And on my life I see and the reason of my bliss. Yes. The secret all is that the comforter abides with me. Well, here am I. Oh yes. Oh here abides. Well hallelujah. He abides with me. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Now once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I knelt down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Well he abides. Oh he abides. Yeses. Oh halleluah. He abides with me. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comforter with me. I like this verse. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird. Oh [Music] [Music] yes. Well, he abides. Oh, he abides. Well, hallelujah. He abides. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comforter abide with me. Now there's no thirsting for the things of this world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave him up and instantly all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter. Well, he abides. Oh, he abides. Well, halleluah. He abides with thee. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad he abides with you? Amen. You know, I was listening the prophet speak and he said, you know, we're sitting here tonight with sons and daughters of the king. Look next to you. It's not just brother Tommy or brother Thomas, but it's sons and daughters of the king. Do we have anything to do with it? No. But he abides in our heart and life tonight. Oh my. Amen. That almost would make an old message person shout, wouldn't it? Amen. Well, he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with me. Well, he abides. Oh, he abides. Well, hallelujah. He abides with me. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Amen. Well, this little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. Well, this little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Well, hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. We'll hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Well, hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Well, let it shine. Let it shine. Let this little light of mine once again. Well, this little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. Well, this little light of mine, oh, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. you love the Lord, shake your brother or sister's hand and you may be seated tonight. And God bless you. And and uh I can say I'm an old man. Brother Timothy told me tonight he said, "You're an old man." So I've known Brother Timothy since he was a wee little lad. He's not little and he's not a lad. But anyways, it's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? And uh, Brother Carson, could you pull up that song? It is mine. God's abiding peace is in my soul today. And my, aren't you just thankful for God's grace and mercy in your life tonight? And Amen. We just greet our visitors. And Lord, if you need anything, just let us know and we'll do our best to help you out tonight. Amen. Well, God's abiding peace is in my soul today. Oh, I have it now. Yes, I have it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away. Though I cannot tell you how. Well, it is mine. Yes, mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. And he has wrought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my rapured heart. I can feel it now. Each passing flow that keeps me safe and blessed. Floods with light my heart and proud. Well, it is mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Be his name, mine for all the and he has given me a never failing joy. For I have it now. Yes, I have it now. To his praise I will my friends go and Lord and renew my dream. Oh th well it is [Music] my perfect peace to me. It is mine. Yes it's mine. Oh, blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. And oh, the love of God is comforting my soul. For his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. ways of joy and gladness for my spirit roing me with my divine. Well, it is mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine. Yes, it's mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all [Music] eternity. Amen. You can give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. He's definitely worthy of our praise, isn't he? Amen. Brother Caleb and brother Daniel and brother Michael John, would you come tonight? And Amen. We have some prayer requests tonight. And we have a sister in our church, Sister Parish, and she's in the hospital in Bowling Green, and she's having some issues. And she's a real soldier. The devil's tried everything he can do to destroy her, but she just keeps on fighting. And she never misses a service. She streams. God bless you, Sister Parish, tonight. And want to remember her in prayer tonight. and they've had to drain some more fluid off her stomach and they don't know where it's coming from or why. So, we want to remember her in prayer and also remember Sister Peggy, our other shut in, Sister Peggy Smith. And also, uh I've had quite an experience this week and I met a gentleman that I have dealt with on cars and his name is Josh. And uh he needs the Lord really bad. And I was telling brother Timothy, he's only told me three times he's agnostic, but he keeps asking me to pray for him. The the men's group here at the church has been praying for him. And and he he just he needs the Lord. And I told him, I said, "God's the only one that can take those memories. He's a a veteran from Afghanistan and Iraq, and he needs a touch from the Lord." And I told him, I said, "We're going to be praying for you." and he told me, he said, "I love you, buddy." And I thought, you know, he already thinks I'm crazy. I'd picked up a car from him. I said, "I'm going to pray for you." So, we just prayed for him out in the yard. He said, "Thank you." But just pray for Josh. He wants to come to church sometime. And we're just excited about him coming and and help us to live the life that he can see Jesus in us tonight. Isn't that your desire? He's just a super guy. And just remember him in your prayer. If you have need on your heart, you might let it be known to uplift his hand. And we're going to ask brother Joe Adams if he'll come. And you got a mic there for him. Oh, I do. I'm [Music] sorry. Thank you, brother Joe. Amen. Let's just take these knees to him this evening in prayer. If you got a need, just lift it up to the Lord. Father, we bow our hearts and our heads to you tonight. What a great privilege we have as your children to come in your place, Lord, your tabernacle to bring our our worship, Lord, our adoration and our praise unto thee tonight. Father, we worship you in spirit and in truth. And we, Lord, we're under great expectation, many hours. And Lord, prayers has gone forth for this meeting, this weekend. And Lord, we're just expecting a mighty move of the spirit of God. Lord, may you just move in every heart, every life, every uplifted hand tonight. Lord, the request that were mentioned, Father, the need for this, Brother Josh, Lord, we just pray it and in the name of Jesus tonight, you begin to soften down the walls of his heart, Lord, and may he see the reality of a living God, Lord, may it manifest it through Brother David and different ones that he would come in contact with. Lord, you see the sister in the hospital room, Lord, needing a touch of healing in her body. Lord, we believe that the redemptive blessings of Christ are all in past tense. It's a finished work. It's already been settled. It's already been done. And so, Father, tonight according to thy word, you said, "By my stripes, we are healed." Lord, we believe that not only for our sister, but each and everyone that's here tonight, you see their need. You see the need in their body, Lord. May it be a domestic need or whatever it may be tonight. Healing for their soul, healing for their body, deliverance. We believe it's already finished, Father. And we just set these weekend meetings aside, Lord, that the reality of a living God can come and be manifested in that heart and in that life. So we just commit the service to you. We ask that you'll bless the tithes and the offerings, those that can give and those that have not to give. Lord, may you just reward their efforts. Father, we love you. We commit this weekend, the service tonight, Brother Andrew, Lord, as he had studied and prepar and made preparations for the service. Use them in a special way, God. Lord, may you just pull your ministry off his notes, if it will, Lord, and be able to deal with one heart, one life, one soul. for your prophet taught us that one soul is worth 10,000 worlds. So, Father, deal with us each and every one individually. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Brother Carson, could you pull up that song? I know I didn't have it wrote down. My hope is in the Lord because I definitely don't know the words. Let's sing that tonight if we could. My hope is in the Lord. Yes. From this time on and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Yes, I love this. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. For whom the wrenching of the sea subside, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. Oh my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever [Music] more. His tender mercies come with a free rising sun to meet the sinner in his [Music] brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. Oh, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, all my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing that second verse again, Brother Carson. His tender mercies come with every rising sun. Yes. to meet the sinner in his brokenness, to offer healing and [Music] forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing the chorus again as brother Winters comes to sing. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on. God bless you. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Sing that again now. My hope is in the Lord from this time on more. Oh my hope, it's in the Lord forever more. Amen. Brother Tommy, if we all came like you did, we'd blow the roof off this place. It's good to see like that. For years I traveled down a road of wrong. My heart had lost its joy. And I I lost my soul. But your grace, it came and placed me right where I belong. And your mercy, Lord, it rerote my life. Lord, your mercy. It'll reroll my life. Oh Lord your mercy. It rro my life. Will I should have fallen and my soul cast down. But your mercy, it reroll my life, my mistakes that day. Lord, you turn to miracles. My tears and my sorrow you turn into joy. Oh my sins are forgiven and I saw my name was written. That day your mercy came and re my life. Thank God your mercy it roll my life. Oh Lord your mercy it rero my life. Will I should have fallen and my soul cast down but your mercy it rero my life. Sing that again to him with all your heart now. Oh your mercy it reroll my life. [Music] Oh Lord, your mercy. It reroll my life. Will I should have fallen and my soul cast out? But your mercy hit my [Applause] [Music] life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Let's stand tonight. That's a good atmosphere to invite the minister to come out, wouldn't it? Let's just welcome Brother Andrew Spencer to come out this evening and bring the word now. Amen. How many's got their hearts wide open? Mind's wide open. Lord, speak to my heart. Amen. You know what we have need of? Come and do what you always do. Come cast out devils, heal the sick, raise the dead, whatever. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Mercy rewrote my life once again. Amen. As brother Andrew comes. Oh, mercy re my life. God bless you, brother. Thank you. It rule my [Music] life for I have fallen my soul cast down but his mercy it rero my life. God's mercy, it reroll my life. His mercy reoll my life for I should have had fall in my soul cast down. God is mercy. It reroll my life. Hallelujah. How many's thankful for the mercy of the Lord? Amen. Amen. That's exactly why we're here is because his mercy saw fit to place us in this moment in time. Well, God richly bless you. It's good to be here in the house of the Lord with you and we have looked forward to these meetings for quite some time and we appreciate our our brother Ber for inviting us to be a part of these meetings and we uh have been family with the Bers for quite some time but it's kind of like a reunion. You hadn't seen each other for a while. So we're just tickled pink to be able to be here with our brother Ber and our family. And I it's a good thing. My my wife and sister Grace, brother Micah's uh wife are best friends when they grew up. And so it's it's a wonderful time and amen. We just looking unto the Lord this weekend for God to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we could ever ask or think. And we appreciate we appreciate the Lord for all that he's done. And we thank you all as a church for praying for my pastor, Brother Ron. And he sends his greetings to you. And uh all of Full Gospel Lighthouse sends their greetings as well. So Amen. just know that you're loved there in Virginia and we just uh we just love this message with all of our heart and I just let you just let so your guard comes down. I'm a message believer through and through everything that I am. I'm a message believer and and uh I tell you if you don't like the message, you probably won't like me. So I tell you what the Lord's done for me, all I can do is just turn around and share the message. Amen. Amen. How many has a need that you'd like to make known unto the Lord this this evening? Amen. God, meet each and every one of our needs here tonight. Let's just go to the Lord just now. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you, Lord, and we humble ourselves, Lord, in your presence, Father, and we invite you, Father, just now to come and minister to us, Lord. God, we have laid aside so many things, Father, for this meeting, Father. we've set aside ourselves, Lord. And we've put a put hours of prayer in for these meetings. And we're asking, Father, that the Holy Ghost would come and begin to minister unto us, Lord, by the preaching of the word, Father. Now, God, your people are gathered here. You, Lord, your presence has been felt. And Father, we just ask, Lord, that you would come and bless us with your presence, Father. God, we ask, Lord, that you'd move across this congregation, Father, tonight. and that you would begin to minister to them their needs, Lord. Their hands that they lifted up, Lord. God, you know exactly what they come to this meeting needing, Father. And I pray that you would do great things here amongst us, Father. Lord, that not man would be glorified, but that the Holy Ghost would come. You would be glorified in this meeting, Father. God, we dedicate this meeting to you, Father. And we ask, God, that you would just begin to move us in a very special way, God. move us aside and let the Holy Ghost have its way in this meeting. We yield oursel to the power of your word just now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. If you have your Bibles this evening, we'd like to look over in the book of Joel chapter 2 verse 25 and then also down to Hosea chapter 6. Amen. Joel chapter 2 verse 25. Just like to minister to you something that the Lord's uh just inspired to our heart here um for these to open these meetings and um just like to minister from the preaching of the word here on from on the reading here from from these text on from famine to revival. From famine to revival. I love the book of Joel. It's so special to us because we realize that this is the hour that we're living in and and we begin to see some very beautiful things laid out here in the scripture. So, let's just let's just take that Joel chapter 2 and verse 25. And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm and the caterpillar and the palmer worm, my great army which I sent amongst you. And you shall eat in plenty and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that hath dwelt wondrously with you. And my people shall never be ashamed. And you shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, and that I am the Lord your God, and none else, and my people shall never be ashamed. And it shall come to pass afterwards that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. You notice what brother Brandham would he's not a Hebrew scholar but brother Brandham immediately goes in there and he starts breaking in going in there and breaking into Hebrew words and he starts looking in that pore. He said that word is not like what we would say in the English language. He said he said it was of itself that God said I will pour out my spirit. He said it wasn't something else. He said, but he was literally going to empty himself out that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your old men shall dream dreams, and your young men shall see visions. Hosea chapter 6 and verse 1. The Bible says here, "Come and let us return unto the Lord, for he hath torn and he will heal us. He hath smitten and he will bind us up. After two days will he revive us. In the third day, he will raise us up and we shall live in his sight. Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the Lord, his going forth is prepared as the morning, and he shall come unto us as the rain. Maybe we could just say that together, that he shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former reign unto the earth. May God bless his word. You may be seated here tonight in the presence of the Lord. If you have your Bibles handy, we just like to look over into Ruth chapter 1 just to gather a context for this this meeting here tonight. The Bible says in Ruth 1:1 that it came to pass that in the days when the judges ruled that there was a famine in the land and a certain man of Bethlehem Judah was sent was went to sojourn in the country of Moab. and he and his wife and his two sons. And the name of the man was IMC, and the name of his wife was Naomi. And the name of his two sons, Melon and Chilion, the Ephrithites of Bethlehem Judah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there. Let's just jump down there to verse 22. And the Bible said that, "So Naomi returned and Ruth the Moabitis, her daughter-in-law with her, which returned out of the country of Moab. and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest. And it's very powerful to recognize the season that Naomi and Ruth begin to enter back into Naomi's homeland again. It was at the beginning of barley harvest. Now, brother Brandham lays in some very powerful things when you begin to look into the Smyrnian church age. You begin to see there that brother Brandham captures the the what the spirit is saying unto each of the church ages. He goes in there and he grabs that. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches of each age. He said, in every age, it was the same cry. Hear what the spirit says. If you are a Christian, you will get back to what the spirit is teaching. That is the word of this age. Every messenger to every age will preach that word. Every fresh and true revival will because because men have gotten back to the word for their age. The cry of every age is the rebuke. You have left the word of God. Repent and come back to the word. From the first book in the Bible, Genesis to the last book of Revelation, there is only one reason for God's displeasure. Notice, there's only one reason for God's displeasure, and that's leaving the word. And there's only one remedy to regain his favor is back to the word of God. And I believe that if we're going to gain favor with anybody, it's to gain favor with Almighty God. And I I believe that if we're ever going to find oursel in favor with the Holy Ghost, it is to come back to the word of this hour. And we realize that what we have been given in this hour is a special word. It's not something that that we take for granted, but we realize that God has deposited something in this generation. Now, when Jesus is standing there in Matthew chapter 5, he begins to release some very powerful scriptures that we were very familiar with in the biatitudes. But Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." And I I really find that that is the cry for the hour, especially for the bride of Jesus Christ, is that she is hungering and she is thirsting, not just for a day gone by, revival, but a revival of a fresh kill, of a fresh word of of the hour. We realize that this bride is kind of like the queen of the south that came up there and she heard that there was a Solomon that was doing mighty works and she'd got there under that atmosphere and she'd heard about those things and she was hungering in her heart to go out there and find if there was a living God out there. And I say this that desire will bring a revival. I believe that if you're wanting something from Almighty God, you've got to get into a spirit of revival where you begin to yearn for a move of God. And I believe that if you're yearning for a move of God, then only a move of God will satisfy your soul. I don't believe that it's something that we have to wish that we was back in the days of William Brham or in the days of Paul or in the days of Arinius, but I believe that right now that even right now in this place that the Holy Ghost could come and he could minister unto us. And it takes the spirit of the living God to release that unto you and I. And I believe this that if you come to this meeting expecting certain things if you come here the prophet would teach us. He said if you come here and the enemy would begin to put something on you that you'll criticize. You'll begin to criticize. If you come here to criticize, he said surely the devil will show you plenty to criticize. He said if you come here to find fault, then the enemy will show you plenty things to find fault with. He said, "But if you come here hungering and thirsting for God, then the angels of God will direct you to the spot to find it." And I believe that if you come here hungering after a move of God, then it won't be a minister that does it. It won't be a man that does. It won't be a pastor that does it. But the angels of God will direct you to the word. They will direct you to the spot where the angels of God can let you come to a spot where the blessings of God could flow in this place. Now the prophet preaches in 1965 on the thought of thirst and he begins to lay in some things. He said now if you neglect to feed the Holy Spirit, the word of God, he said Jesus said every word shall be by the Holy Spirit. He said if you try to feed the wrong thing, he said if it's a genuine Holy Spirit, it'll know the difference. If you tried to feed the Holy Ghost that you have something off of this message, it'll know the difference. He said because remember the word of God is what the Holy Spirit feeds on. He said it doesn't feed on enthusiasm. It doesn't feed it doesn't feed on education and it doesn't feed on churchgoing. It does not feed on the theologies. Come on somebody. So if you're going to feed the Holy Ghost on the inside of you, you can't feed it some watered down gospel. But you've got to feed it the message of the hour because what you have been given is greater than Pentecost of Isuza ever had. Come on, somebody. You've got to feed it on the message of the hour. So if you're going to feed your soul, you've got to feed on the message. You've got to feed on this word. You got to stay in it. Because we realize that the prophet said in Amos chapter 8 and 11 that there was coming a time there would be a famine in the land and it wouldn't be for food and it wouldn't be for drink but it would be for the word of God and men would seek to and fro and they wouldn't find that word. And the prophet would sit there and he would lay out some very fundamental things. He said you can look at America. America is not lacking for food. America is not lacking for water. He said, "But what she is lacking is the word of God." And the prophet taught us the reason why that she's in this condition is because sin and unbelief and false teachers have come in there with modernistic ideas. So what she's given him is a watered down revival. Hallelujah. But I'm so thankful to know tonight that you are not in the midst of a rev of a famine. I'm so thankful to know that you are in the midst of the greatest revival that has ever struck the face of the earth. So when the world is in famine, when the word can't when the world can't find the word of God, there is a people who under their messenger who will be the final voice of the final age that knows who she is, knows what she's called for. She is not in famine, but she's in the midst of a revival. Hallelujah. Come on, church. You're not in the midst of a famine. You're not trying to find where the word of God is. You have found it and it's in the message. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we realize we realize that only that a Jew can only be blessed when they stay in that land. Is that right? that a Jew every single time that they begin to get outside of what God give them, outside of their inheritance, that you'll find them that they begin to get away from what the commandments, they'll begin to get away and they'll never be blessed as long as they're outside of their land. And you find that Naomi, she begin to wander and she be to look because there was a famine. Because there was a famine that was on that land and she began to wander out there and she went all the way. her and her family had went all the way out there to Moab. And I find it amazing that the prophet said, "Now Naomi would not have had to do that. She didn't have to do that because she was living in Bethlehem, which is the house of God's bread." Because God is a God that restores. And if he's going to do anything, it's got to come right through his word that he's got scripture that's going to be fulfilled. But I love this message. Don't you? I love this message. He said, "But the prophet said that all of a sudden something begin to lead Naomi." He said, "That's what makes a difference is that when God has ordained something, then it's got to be." He said, "She didn't have to go out there." He said, "Because God is the God of Bethlehem. He's the house of God's bread." He said, "But if God has ordained something to be," he said, "then it'll happen anyway." So you see that there is predestination that when you was out in the world and you was going away from God, God had a purpose. The rest of the world didn't catch this message. But God ordained you. He elected you. And it didn't look like Naomi should have went out there. It didn't look like she should have went out there to Moab. But God had a plan because he had a gentile wife that had to come to the Lord of the harvest. And you may not understand why you went through the battles that you went through and why you went through the trials that you went through, but if God has ordained it, [Applause] [Music] [Applause] hallelujah. So God allowed a famine to strike so that he could bring in the elect lady. Lord have mercy. That's preaching grounds. I wish I was a preacher. Come on now. So God allowed a famine to strike this world so that he could get you when it looked like they really had something. when the shock looked like they really had something. But there was a gene seed of God on the inside of you. So he had to send a prophet that knew how to sew the right kind of a seed and I sew it and water it. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You begin to look what Hosea begin to say there in chapter 6. Brother Brandham dives into that very heavily in Hosea chapter 6 and recognizing your day and its message. It's good to see you, sis. God bless you. Brother Brandham goes in there and he goes in there and he begins to tie those he begins to tie those things together in recognizing your day and its message and he picks that up. He said after two days after two days he would return to them and he will revive us. Brother said now that revive doesn't mean resurrection. He said revive is the same word used anywhere else. He said I looked it up to see what it means. He said it means a revival. He revives us after two days but in the third day he will revive us again. After all the Jews had been through after all the Jews that they have done. They they had walked away from God. They had left the message of the hour. They had been real close but they walked away from God. But you'll never find God turning his back on Israel because Israel was the apple of his eye. Is that right? She is the apple of his eye. But God always said that she's my beloved. So God was going to take care of his bride that after two days that I will revive you again. And the prophet said, "The Jews have been dead to the facts that the church of the living God as in a Pentecostal feast, but in the third day, he will revive us again for the first time in 2700 years. You will find that Israel is back in her homeland. It's the first time that you see that she has her national flag flying high and she doesn't have to hide from it. She doesn't have to be ashamed of it, but she's put there back in the mat. She don't even know how she got back there. She don't even know how she got in the message church, but something greater than herself, something greater than her humanity begin to put her back in there. The prophet said, "National force put her back in her homeland." He said, "National force will put the world council in the churches again." He said, "But the power of God will put the people in the bride." Hallelujah. It wasn't your daddy that put you in the message. It wasn't your pastor that put you in the message, but it was the power. The power. How did you get to Kentucky? How did you get to believing in a seventh angel? How did you get here? The power of God. [Applause] Hallelujah. Young people, that ought to give you some encouragement. That ought to give you some encouragement. Your granddaddy didn't birth you in this message. Your mama didn't birth you in this message. Your granddaddy didn't birth you in this message. But the power of God saw that you were not. The power of God knew that you wouldn't walk away. But there was something on the inside of you in the midst of a famine. He was going to see a people that would be in revival. You see, it was prophesied that there would be a gathering. Now, okay, they didn't want to go back there. But because prophecy was laying there, they didn't want to get on. They didn't want to get on that airplane. But they there be to be a man that knew the scripture and said, "Don't you know that we'll ride on the wings of an eagle back to our homeland? Don't you know that this bride is riding on the wings of an eagle anointing?" And it's not taking her back to days gone by. But it's simply come up here. Come up higher. Come up higher. Under this eagle anointing, you were built to soar. The bride has recognized the evening light. The prophet said, "The hungry Pentecostals have be to recognize that organizations hasn't got anything they was looking for." He said, "They're so twisted up and tore up." He said, "See, it's time of recognition. You got to recognize. The world has recognized. Nations has recognized. Science has recognized. The devil has recognized." He said, "It's a time." The devil's recognized. It's time that he can wreck up women, wreck up the church, wreck up people. The devil's recognized that. How many can be a witness that the devil has recognized that this is his time? I want you to know God didn't leave you down here in Lelaya without help. Come on, somebody. You might be like Lazarus, but you are not without help. Because there is a man, it might look like he's late, but he's right on time. It may look like he's not coming, but he's right on time. You might feel like you ain't been in revival, but he's right on time. The devil's recognized this is his time. And God has recognized that there is a people on the earth that he has predestinated to life. He's recognized this is the time to send his message. Hallelujah. What is it? He couldn't send it. He couldn't send it before Pentecost. He couldn't send it in Luther's day. Why? Because you wasn't here yet. Let me say this. You was not predestinated to believe Luther's message. Yes, you're going to believe some of what Luther preached. Yes, there's going to be some things that you gather from Wesley. But you were ordained, come on, somebody to go higher than the Isuza Pentecost of 1906 because God ordained you for a special kind of message that would take you further than what you could ever imagine. So the message is the answer. You are ordained to come under a prophet that would tie up what Luther said, what Wesley said. Those things were lost. But all of a sudden, a Kentucky hillbilly, a Kentucky hillbilly grabbed a hold of an anointing that would tie up these loose ends to give you rapture anointing. No other time. Let me ask you this. There ain't been no other time. I I've studied the message. I've studied scriptures. I've studied history. There's never been a time where there there have been some great men. And I'm not I'm not neglecting the fact that we've had some great men stand in this nation. Men like Oil Jagger, men like or Roberts, men like TL Osbborne, men like Billy Graham. But there's never one of them that could say they had a conference with an angel. Never there ever was there one that could say they went back on the back side of a desert because the spirit of God was leading them to to go back there to find something that would anoint you in this hour. And I find it amazing young people that while he is there the angel of the Lord begins to minister to him and he begins to tell him you go listen to the message. Brother Brandham said that that angel begin to speak to him especially about the young people. So it means that you young people are special to the angel of the Lord. Not ever has there been any man with the ending of ham to be able to stand there and preach a message that would restore our faith. But in this hour and in this time because there is a preparation because there's a people that are hungering. I'll be honest. I'll be honest. There's a lot of things that you could go out into the world and you could look at and it might please your flesh, but it'll never satisfy what God has put on the inside of you that you have been hungering for. I'll say the message is the only thing that'll feed you. The message is the only thing that'll feed you. And the prophet said that his children, a hungry child, will eat of a out of a garbage can if they have to. But I'm so glad you don't have to. He said the reason why they do that is because they've never been invited to a clean table. But this message has invited you to come up here where you're eating at the table of the Lord. And you're not feeding on the mind of a man, but you're feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. Hal hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're not in famine. You're in revival. Come on, Elijah. You ain't got to wish that somebody would come by and feed you. He sent angel porters. with spiritual food in due season to come by your way and drop off heavenly mana. What was it? Hidden truths in a certain season. What did he tell him in first Kings 17 and4 said that I will feed you there. Don't you go outside of this message, Ruth. Don't you get outside of this message, but I'll feed you right there. Elijah, I'll feed you right there. You stay right there. You feed on this. What was it? He had he had himself a revival when the rest of the world was in famine. Why? Because Elijah Because Elijah knew that there was an angel that was taking care of him. I'd say that in this place that angels have been anointing you to come to this spot to come to this place. I'd say if you need healing, you come to the right spot. I'd say if you need deliverance, you come to the right spot. I'd say if you need the Holy Ghost, you come to the right spot. How did I get here? The angel. The angel. The angel. The angel. Hallelujah. It ain't just good for William and Brandon. It ain't just for days gone by. But I need my miracle. I need I need I need [Applause] deliverance. I'd say he's got need to go by your way. He had the need to go by Samaria. He had the need for a colt the fo of an ass. I'd say the Lord's got need of your vessel. I'd say the Lord's got need of your vessel. And you may have fallen. I said, "Get back up. Nobody loves me. Get back up." That's a lie. Nobody's for me. Get back up. That's a lie. This message has never Hallelujah. This message has never condemned you. But it simply begin to raise you higher and higher and higher. Why? Because God said that I will restore. I will restore. not something different, but I'll take what was broken and I'll mend it back together. You don't know what I've been through, Brother Andrew. You don't know the hurts. I said, "The Lord's got me to you." I said, "The Lord's got me need to." You don't know the struggles that I've been in, brother. I said, "The Lord's got me to you." You might feel like you're unworthy. Kind of like Rahab. Now, I'd say Rahab has more scars than anybody in this building. I say, "But when the message comes by your way, I say when the message comes by your way, when you got some preachers come by your way to tell you, you're not too scarred up for this message. You're not too broken for this message, for I will restore. You think about it. The prophet said that Rahab was sold into that line of work. Is okay here? That she was sold into that line of work by her mother and father. Tradition tells us that they sold her right into the midst of that line of work. But when the message, Brother Brad, but when the message come by her way, I tell you what he did. The message restored her. Her parents had hurt her. There was people that abused her. But who was the first ones that Rahab wanted to get in her house? Her mama and her daddy. You might have been scarred or abused. You might have been scarred or abused by a preacher, but I say the message has the ability to restore Rahab. Get them in the house. Get them. Get them in the house. Full obedience entitles you to the token. Get them in this message. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you watch when Naomi begins to return back. When does she return? She returns when God is beginning to lift that plague. And he begins to say that there's spiritual food in due season. And it's a time that God's given back bread. Then notice that Naomi shows up. I say it matters where you show up at. I say it matters what season that you show up in. She didn't just show up at any time, but she showed up at barley harvest. The thing she was lacking was the thing she came back for. You might have walked out on this message, but I say the message is the only thing that's worth walking back to. Don't you walk back to the world. Don't you walk back to drugs. Don't you walk back to Leosa. But if you're going to walk, you walk back to this message. How powerful is it that she showed up at the right season at barley harvest? What was it? It was a time of the first fruits. It was a time of the first fruits. It was a time of Pentecost, of first fruits, that it was a time when they would go in there and the owner of the field would take the first one that had come to maturity. He would go there and he would take his wave sheep offering and he would lift it up to the Lord and the Lord, the priest would begin to wave it before the congregation. Come on, Tommy. Come on now. He began to wave it across the congregation. And what was he doing? It was a sign that one like this, there's more coming. When Jesus Christ was rose up on Easter morning, he be to wave himself on the day of Pentecost that it was a sign that there was more just like him. More just like him. Not somebody that could do half the work, but the works that I do shall you do also. You don't have to wish. You don't have to want. You don't have to lack. But you're in it. What are you saying, brother Angel? I'm simply saying this, step in the water. The angel is here. And know Naomi had seen seasons before. And you know what it's like, brother Tom. You're a pastor. You see seasons come and you see seasons of revival come. Are you with me? You see seasons of revival come. You see, I'll just be honest in an atmosphere of healing comes. And you get in that season of healing. There's a season where the waters are stirred. I say it's a time to step in it. But Naomi had seen seasons of harvest before. She'd been there. She she'd been there. She'd seen a a great mighty move of the Holy Ghost like time and time before. And it's ever if you ever been surfing, now I ain't never been surfing. I'm too much a hillbilly to go surfing. But if you ever watch somebody surfing, I was just in New Zealand. They got some powerful surfers over. They got some big waves. They bigger waves than our ponds produce in Virginia. And they they riding these waves. But if you've ever if you ever watch somebody on a wave, they know how to time it just right so they can ride the wave. And if you're a real spiritual believer, you know when the wave's coming. So you simply just get in it. So you begin to ride the wave of the Holy Ghost, but there's coming an end of that wave. Is that right? So Naomi had watched seasons of harvest before, but she was getting ready to go into a season that she'd never experienced like this before because she'd watched people come and she watched people go to this message and turn down the message. But she's getting ready. Hallelujah. She's getting ready to be restored by the owner of the field. And if you marry to the owner of the field, you don't have to worry if it's in season or out of season. You're all you are always in season because the owner of the field has access. I say he's got access to the Holy Ghost. He's got access to deliverance. He's got access to breakthroughs. He's got access to miracles. I say in the name of the Lord, he's got access [Applause] What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying this that a revival signifies a move of the Holy Spirit. That's what a revival is. It's a moving of the Holy Ghost. In plain words, that's how the prophet said it. It's a moving of the Holy Ghost. He said, "But you watch that every single time that God sends a revival that hell sends one, too." He said many people don't realize that in the Welsh revival in the great day of the Welsh revival that they had the outpourings of the Holy Ghost. There was great ministrations of the spirit. He said but at the same time the insane asylums was fueling up at the same time. Brother Brandham said it was for this reason that the devil would steal the attention of God. That's the power of the enemy that you're fighting. We have seen under the seven church ages every form of revival and death. And you watch the cycle of it as it comes and goes. But this is not a man-made revival. I want you to know this that you are not a part of a man-made revival. But you are a part of the Holy Ghost bride revival of this last day that only Almighty God would restore. You watch when when the book of Joel, you just go begin to look at it. Now, it's a it's one of my favorite scriptures because it it means something to us in this age that you begin to watch as the prophet goes and I always found it amazing. The prophet said, I he said, I went home after the Easter morning service and wrote down a couple notes and he comes out and preaches a three-hour service on restoration of brier. I'd like to have him notes. Wouldn't you? Yeah. I say that's pretty good. You watch it. Brother Man comes in there and you watch what he does in the restoration of the brier. He goes in there and he begins to layer out what these four bugs are going to do that they're going to come in and they eat. And it's very simple when you begin to listen to it. I love a message that it's very simple that brother Brandon begins to recognize what them bugs was. It was that Catholicism system that was eating the revival or the moving of the Holy Spirit. And you watch what it did. That system began to eat the power of religion. The power of the Holy Ghost, miracles, we begin to taken out of the church. The truth of water baptism was taken out of the church. The truth of healing, the laying hands on the sick was taken out of the church. The truth of deliverance was taken away from the church. But God said that I will restore. Well, you say, "Well, I don't need a miracle. Sister Donna needs a miracle. Brother Ron needs a miracle. And I'll be honest, I need a miracle. I'd say that if you're in this hour and you have been told, hallelujah, you've been told that God doesn't heal no more, I am here as proof that God heals. If you have been told that God don't give the Holy Ghost no more, I showed up to prove that devil a liar. If you are here and you are in need of deliverance, I showed up in this meeting just to prove that God still delivers. Ain't nobody worse than what I was. Ain't nobody worse than what Tommy was. But God is a God that restores. Tell the devil he has showed up too late. You ain't going to stop me. You ain't going to stop this message. You're not going to stop this power because God said, "I will restore." Amen. [Music] I love David said in Psalms chapter 1, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of the sinners, nor setth in the city of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord. And in his law does he meditate day and night." Now, you begin to study that word meditate. It's powerful. It it doesn't mean like what you would see is the common day modern ideas of some yoga dude meditating. But the word means to roar. It means to roar. Literally roar out. It means to speak out. Roar. In his law does he meditate. So there's coming a time when you're going to have to prophesy again. You've got to let out a roar. You got to let out a roar. Are you with me? And I I find it amazing what David said in verse three that he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers plural of water singular that bringeth forth his fruit in season and his leaf also shall not wither and whatsoever he doeth shall he prosper. You notice that when when in the Garden of Eden that God plants two trees there in the Garden of Eden and you watch when Adam and Eve begin to make their decision and they went out there and they fell because of sin begin to enter in and they needed access to that tree. So when brother sees them, he sees them in vision form. He sees Eve with her beautiful blonde hair walking out and that lamb skin beating against their legs. Brother Brandham is not just telling you what he thinks. He is looking at it. And they had lost access to that tree. But do you realize that that is what he planted on the day of Pentecost? He planted that tree. Not another tree, but he planted that same tree. You see, they lost their access to it. They lost their access to it. And brother Madam said, he said those angels, those cherubams were standing there at the gate of Eden and they was blocking them. They was keeping them from entering back into Eden. But an angel stood in this generation and said, "But them angels are in this hour are ushering you to run to run back into that place where the tree has been planted." What are you saying, brother Andrew? That where if you plant a tree beside a river, it begins to grow. If you've ever spent some time by a river, and I appreciate you taking me by that river today, Brother Tom, it blessed me so good. You ever watch a tree that's ever planted by a river? It begins to stick its roots all the way out where the source is. It sticks it all the way out there because he realizes that he's going to have to live by it. He's got to live by that. And I think it's amazing that when God plants you somewhere, he don't plant you somewhere where you have to live in dry spells. He ain't going to plant you somewhere you going have to wonder when the next revival's coming. He ain't going to plant you somewhere where you think, "Well, I wish I was in this church or I wish I was in in Brother Tim's church or brother Donny's church." But you can have a revival every single day of your life because it matters where you're planted at. I say you ain't got to wish to be at Brother Ron's church and you ain't got a wish to be at Brother Brandham's meetings. And I say right here, right now under the message of the hour that you ought to be living in a state of revival. I'm I dealt with somebody overseas one time said, "I wish that I could have what you have. I I see you. I watch you." I said, "Sis, you ain't got to wish for it. You can have it right now. You ain't got to wait for a preacher to come. You ain't got to wait for some anointed evangelist to come through. You ought to be living in revival at all times. Hallelujah. See, God knew what he put on the inside of you so he had confidence to plant you in the darkest of ages that he could stand right here in the midst of it all and you could live off the rain. I tell you what, there's a lot of people, they don't like rain. I tell you what, my I love the rain. I love the rain. You ever You ever get out there inside outside in a good rainstorm? I've been around some people need to get out in it. Need to wash that stink off of them a few times. You know what I'm saying? I love a good rain. I love a good rain. You get out there in it. I tell you, it's beautiful. When you get out there in the midst of it, you don't have to you don't have to sit there and you don't have to wonder where it's coming from. you know exactly where it's coming from. I say this that you don't have to wonder when is the next move of God coming. I'd say you're in it. I say you ain't got to wish for you ain't got to wish for something but you're right here in it. And the bride tree has been planted in living waters. The prophet come and he preached. He said," he said, "I'm I'm either going to preach to you. I'm either going to preach to you broken sisters or I'm going to preach to you that sow to a whirlwind or or reap a whirlwind." I'm so glad that he preached on broken sisters because a prophet began to stand there and he preached some very powerful things and he called out the denomination says, "What you've got is leaking sistns and your sistns ain't got nothing but a bunch of wicked tails in it. It ain't got nothing but a stagnant pool of water in there." He said but you watch. He said that RT is in well he said that broken s or that sister. He said it is depending on local revivals. It's depending on local rains. He said but that artisian well where the bride of Jesus Christ has been planted. He said it's something on the inside that keeps bubbling up. It keeps it pure. It keeps it satisfied. It's self-supporting. It's fresh. It's clean. It's an artisian whale, fountain of living water. It's not dead. It's not stagnated, but it's living. Constantly changing and bringing up something new all the time, moving on, coming from its resource. Where are you getting fed at? You tell me you ain't been in revival, I say, where you feeding at. Where's your source at? He said, "If I had that kind of a stirring like brother Tommy's got or brother Tom's got or brother Joe's got, I'd really get excited about the word." I say, "What you been feeding on?" Well, I've always wanted the Holy Ghost. What are you feeding on? I've always wanted a chance at the spirit of God moving on my What are you feeding on? Because if you feed on this message, it'll tell you that you have a fresh chance at the word of God every single day of your life. [Applause] You see, when Jesus comes in there and he starts laying out in the new new birth chapter, he begins to come all the way down there and he begins to say, "Now, the spirit of God was given to me without measure." They said, "But to you it is given with measure." You see, so it's showing you that you're feeding from the same source that Christ had. So if I would take this bottle of water right here, this is the source, and I would pour it out to brother Brad and pour it out to brother Joe, they could say that they've got a resource from the source itself. So you young people and you people that sit here and anybody that hears this, you don't have to wish that you could have the same thing. Because if you've got the Holy Ghost that I've got, you got the same power that'll produce miracles. You got the same power that's feeding from a fountain that doesn't run dry. I say that what you've got a hold of is the same power that anointed Elijah to stand up there in front of 850 prophets, false prophets up there. It's the same power that anointed Jesus to stand there and withstand the religious leaders. I'd say what you're anointed with is the same power that anointed Moses to stretch out his rod and walk over on dry ground. You're anointed with the same power that anointed Jesus to walk on water. What you're anointed with is the same power that kept Daniel in a lion's den. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying you're anointed with the same power that was on Paul and Silas that kept them alive in a prison so that they could worship in a way of freedom. It was the same kind of anointing that was on them that got them out of their prison cells. This rain ain't going to be stopped for I will restore unto you. You know what the prophet said? He said, "Now," he said, "Now the former rain or the latter rain couldn't come till the former rain came." So, he couldn't give you the harvest rain until he gave you the teaching rain. Brother Brandham ties it together that the latter rain is rapturing faith. And you could not have rapturing faith until the teaching rain had been poured out. Now you watch it that I I always think it amazing like how in the world at least it's that way in Virginia that you got your weeds and you got your tears out there. They grow so much faster. It seems like they have a spot of progression that they begin to go into a place of advancement. But you know what they're feeding off? They're feeding off the same rain that waters a true genuine seed. And it's amazing. You can watch them Pentecostals get excited about the rain. You can watch them. They get so excited because of the rain. They're rejoicing over top of your rain. They're rejoicing over your rain. I say if they can rejoice over the rain and get excited about the rain and they can shout about the rain and they can dance in the rain, they can speak in the rain. I'd say that the bride of Jesus Christ has got every right. Every right. I'd say if you want to dance, dance and rain. I'd say if you want to shout, shout in the rain. I'd say if you want to sing, sing in the rain because it is a harvest rain, a rapturing rain. When Ruth come to her time of decision, she didn't know she didn't know what was what was going on. She didn't know why she was being pulled to go with Naomi. It was a lot easier for her to go back to Moabitous ways. I'll be honest, there's, let's just be honest, according to the flesh, there's a lot of things easier to go back to than it is to go forward in this message. But we are not of those that turn back. Come on. Or is going to do her thing. She's going to kiss Naomi and she's going to walk back and turn back. But you ain't made up like that way. You can let everybody say what they want to, but you know what you you know what's been calling you. It was a lot easier for you to go back there and live in the pleasures of life again under the flesh of sin. But because God deposited a gene seed of God on the inside of you, you couldn't go back with Ruth. You couldn't go back with Orpa because Ruth had a different destination. All right. Come on. The prophet said that there was something leading her. Redemption was leading her. I'd say that election is what's leading you to this. It's leading you to this revival. And you see so many people that have a chance at it and they turn it down. And you wonder why they turn down the moving of the spirit of God. You look at I just let me just lay some things right here. I'm sorry I'm here, but I'm here. But you look at you look at the Kardashians out there in the world and you look at the sin that they got on their life. You think, "Well, man, if they if they ever had a chance at the message, it might do something for them." You know, they had their chance. They had their chance. their grandfather, brother Shakarian, sat right beside the prophet and watched the moving of the Holy Ghost and he turned it down for money and and because he wanted a meal ticket, they had their chance at it. And you see where it took them. You turn down this message, you watch what'll happen to your life. Let me say this to you. They might have more money than you, but they can never replace what you've got on the inside of you. What God has deposited on the inside of you is greater than all the world can ever offer. What are you saying? I'm saying surrender to the power of this message. Brother Man said, "Now in the third seal," he said, "Now the bride has not had her revival yet." He said, "It's going to take them seven unknown thunders back there to wake her up." But he comes in recognizing his day and its message. He said, "Now, I love them people that produce that magazine of of the Herald of Faith, of the Herald of his coming." He said, "But you watch, all that they produce is fast and pray, sound the trumpet, fast and pray." He said, "It's because they have not watched or recognized the awakening of the bride." This bride has been woke up to the fact that God's not dead. She's been woke up to the fact that seven seals have been released. She's been woke up to the fact that the bridegroom has come to fill his bride with the same power, same anointing. I've been woke up and I can't go back to sleep. I've been woke up. You ain't rocking me back to sleep. You ain't going to rock me back to sleep with Leotaa. I've been woke up. The message woke me up to the fact that all power in heaven and earth is in you. Ain't no wonder hell hates this revival. Ain't no wonder hell wants to keep you away from it. Because he watched it there in heaven and he couldn't have it. He watched it in the Garden of Eden and he can't have it. And I say it again, brother. He's watching in Satan's Eden and he cannot have it. What he give me is for me. I say it ain't just for William Brandham. It ain't just for brother Tom Balor. It ain't just for brother Tim. It ain't just for Ron Spencer Andrew Spencer. I say for every mama. I'd say every young girl. I'd say every daddy. I'd say don't miss your opportunity. Come on, Ruth. Wake up. You have been elected to come. I'm going I'm going to read one more quote to you. Hallelujah. My y'all fun to preach to. Lord have mercy. It's just the first night. Praise God. We going to have a time in this place. Ain't no wonder hell hates you. Ain't no wonder hell wants to stop you. The power that is in this room is more than he could ever have. He'll never get a glimpse of it. He'll never have a handle on it. He ain't nothing but a bluff anyway. He ain't got no power. That's why he's trying to keep you from it. That's why it's trying to stop the Holy Ghost. It's because he knows once you get it, he ain't getting you back. He knew that once Joshua got in the promised land, there was no way he was getting him out of it. I'd say the devil knew that when you got in this message, he knew, brother Troy, he tried to keep you away from it. But God rich in mercy. God rich in mercy. He tried to keep you from power. He tried to keep you from truth. But God rich in mercy. God rich in mercy. Satan tried his best, but God rich in mercy. I said, "Give me more. Give me more. Give me more." [Applause] And Ruth began to wander out. She went by that church and it didn't have nothing for her. She went by that field and it didn't have nothing for her. She went by the church of Christ and it didn't have nothing for her. But all of a sudden something led her led her right to this message because there was something there that she didn't even even see on the surface. It went to the depths of it and she be to watch the witness of the Holy Ghost moving her. She didn't know why she was drawn to this field. She didn't know why she was drawn to that church. She didn't know why she was drawn to that. Something was on the inside of her. And when the man of wealth stepped into the message, hallelujah. When Elijah stood here said, "It ain't for them, but it's for you." They wondered at it. They guessed at it, but it's for you. He said, "I'll no longer call you church, but I'm going to call you bride." So you understand, Ruth, that I'm talking to you. I ain't talking to the rest of the girls out there, but I'm talking to you. I'm talking directly to you. I'm speak I'm spending my time with you. There's a lot of other ladies out there. There's a lot of other people. There's a lot of other churches out there, but Elohem is going to spend some time with you while you're hearing this message. While you're here in this field, I'm going to spend some time with you. I got to minister some things to you that you're not going to have to barely get [Applause] by. Hallelujah. Brother said this. He said, "She's out there. She's gleaning for life." He said, "Now I want you reapers, you angels." In other words, that's what they are. said, "I want you angels, you reapers, every once in a while, drop a handful on purpose." He said, "Don't let it be tiresome for her. Don't let her wonder at it. Don't let her guess where her next meal's coming from. Don't let her guess when the next revival's coming. Don't let her guess when the next move is coming. Don't let it be tiresome for her. But every once in a while, let her hear a good gospel message. Let a good power of the Holy Spirit cover over her every once in a while and let her know that I'm still [Applause] here. Do some kind of a healing amongst her. Show some kind of a sign or a wonder that she'll know that I'm in her midst. Hallelujah. Let her know I'm in her midst. Let me ask you a question. How many has witnessed the healing power of Jesus Christ? Just just he let her know that I'm in her midst. How many can 100% identify that they have received the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Let her know that I'm in her midst. Keep your hands up. Let her know that I'm in her midst. Now, you that are looking for it, look right there. You that are wondering for it, look right there. Let her know that I am in her midst. What other sign do you need? Come on, man. What other Anybody here witnessed a miracle? Go ahead, Tommy. stand up. Let every miracle, every miracle in this place, stand up right now. Let her know that I am in her midst. You ain't got to wish that William Brandon was still here. Let her know that El Shi, the great breasted one, is right here in her midst. Draw from both sides. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let her know that I am in her midst. The prophet said, "Do you like to find them handfuls?" I hope we find some this morning. He said, "A handful of fresh barley." The Lord do something that he used to do, something that he knows he does. He's the Lord of the harvest. He's the only one that can drop that handful. Now notice the prophet taps into an unseen world and said God says, "I command the angels to go from Louisiana and Virginia down there that meet in Kentucky and I want you to I command them I command them I command them to drop handfuls on purpose. I have come under the uncction of the Holy Ghost to drop more than a handful off. But the living revival that this bride is under, I command them. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallel Hallelujah. How many needs a fresh revival? How many many needs a stronger prayer life? How many needs healing? How many needs more of him? Brother Baron one time said he he was talking to some men that said that when they got the baptism of the Holy Ghost said, "We've have we've reached God's summit." He said, "Oh no." He said, "Oh no, you're not you've not reached the summit." He said, "But there's more. There's more." How many here's got the Holy Ghost, but you want some more? I say there's more for you. I say it's more for you. I say the angel of the Lord that is in this room, he's here to do business with your life. Don't miss your opportunity. How many times do you hear the prophet on tape saying she's going to miss it? She's going to miss it. Dear God, she's going to miss it. Don't let her miss it. And he calls her by name. He calls this I see you out there. So won't go out of trouble. Don't miss it, sis. We're to help you if you if I told you where you come from. You come all the way from Indiana. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. He's right there. The angel of the Lord's moving right there. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying, don't you sit here at this gate and wonder like the three lepers that stood there said, "Are we going to have to live here? Are we going to starve out here? Or can we have this revival? Can we have this anointing?" You know what? If we go back to our house, they going to kill us. We go down there to the enemy's camp, they going to kill us. Why said we here till we die? We might as well go down there and take what's rightfully ours. And there was a thunder clap that sent the enemy out of Kentucky so that you could [Music] feed. Don't get shook up by the thunder. It's the voice of God scattering the enemy so that you can feast on the unfailing mighty word of the son of man. Hallelujah. Let our musicians come. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many come to this meeting with something specific on their heart? I would not leave these set of meetings until you meet him specifically for that purpose. You know that song, pour your spirit out on me. That's all right. I can't halfway sing, but every once in a while we do. Hallelujah. How many would just want to say I want a fresh outpouring of the dynamics of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. While he's passing by this way, pour your spirit out on me and fall just like the rain. So here under the sound of our voice, there was hands lifted up all over this place saying they needed a fresh revival. And while you're here, Father, I pray that we not miss our moment with you. That Elohim, while we're sitting here and we're fellowshipping with you and and you begin to minister to us, oh God, may we not neglect to lift up our voice, neglect to lift up our voice and say, "God, we got a need. We got a need, Father. We need healing in our bodies. We need more of you in our lives. God, I pray that you do something. Lord, I see the witness of the Holy Spirit moving here. I see the witness of hell trying to distract and steal away the attention of God's revival. This is not a revival that's coming. That is here to stay here to go with us in our this home. husband, make us a bed. Father, I sound of our voices that these people call on you, Lord. Lord, they'd Lord, they'd lift up, Lord, they'd lift up their voice. They'd lift up their voice. Lift up their voice. Their voice and say, and say, God, and say, God, I come here and I know you're here. May they begin to speak intimate things with you, Father. Lord, may their home life begin to be different. Lord Jesus, Lord God, I pray you while you're here, Lord. Lord, while you're here, God, that you would do what you said that you'd [Music] do. Lord, you're here. So father we worship you. You come here for this meeting. So God move in this place in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you just talk to the Lord right there where you are? Just have a conference with him just now. Invite him to your need. invite him to your situation. Hallelujah. Go ahead, brother. Hallelujah. As you travel down life's road. Oh, he is with you every day. With every step you take, he's walked ahead of [Music] you. And every night as you lay down, angels are camping all around. I'll never be alone for he is in the midst. Oh, he's in the midst of our storm. He's in the valley you walk through. Where two or three are gathered in his name, he'll be there too. And when you feel you're all alone, he is standing next to you. He's with us now. Our Lord, he's in the midst. And into the prisons they were thrown. Paul and Silus were alone. They knew their God was there and he would see them through. [Music] So when the walls began to shake and all their chains just fell away, they cried, "Behold our God, for he is in the midst. He's in the midst of our storm. In the valley we walk through where two or three are gathered in his name. He'll be there too when you feel so alone. He is there to you. He's in the midst. Lord, he's in the midst. Amen. How many believes that's what makes our life complete? That's what it's all about is having him in the middle of our hearts. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many enjoyed that message tonight? Amen. Amen. Give the Lord and our brother a hand. Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where would where would we be without the Holy Spirit? Without God, we'd be lost. Amen. In Amen. In a very dark world. Amen. How many's have really been battled battled by the devil? Amen. During just before the meetings, anything to try to keep you from coming to these meetings. Isn't that right? Amen. And it just I know Joe he's been sick and different ones just everything he's you know common cold come on my wife and everything for a few days and everything else and he don't like it too well. Amen. Amen. And then brother Devin back there I asked him if I could tell a little testimony. I couldn't couldn't just stay back there. I wanted to I felt led to come back up here and just to share the testimony. Amen. Of the first devil that's already been cast out. Amen. Around 4:00 this afternoon the first devil got cast out. Amen. Brother Deon was telling me that sometimes the devil tries to hit Sister Jana with anxiety, you know, and just make her unfunctionable almost in anxiety. And about 4:00 this evening, it hit her real hard. Ain't that right? Amen. And so, Brother Damon, he was just I you y'all played a song, right? And uh was it evening like tabernacle? God. God is God. They say, "Well, let's play a play a song." And so they played God is God. And then she began to I'll tell you what that just thing just broke her and she just that thing lifted up. She began to dance in the spirit and shout and here she is tonight. He tried to keep her from coming tonight but that spirit was broke. Amen. So go on devil. Go on devil of anxiety, fear, depression, sickness. Ain't that right? Just go on down the road. Amen. And praise the Lord. So we just Amen. We're looking for all the demons of anxiety, fear, whatever it is. Amen. How many believes Paul and Silas and you know they were in prison and all locked up and they begin to pray and sing songs. Amen. And he don't like that. So keep that up since just every time he just starts singing praise be songs to the Lord. Whatever whichever one he anoints you to sing. Amen. So we're thankful. Amen. For our victory that we have over him and amen. So praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's have maybe sing one more song, brother David, if you have one and then Amen. We'll let you go. God bless you, brother David. That song. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. The noon time. Well, praise him. Oh, praise him. We'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the good time. Praise him. Oh, praise him till the sun falls down and loving. Why don't you love him? Oh, love him. Well, love him in the new love in the new. Love him. Oh, love him. Heaven for serve him tonight. Why don't you serve him? Oh, serve him. We serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. We serve him. We're serving till the sun goes down. Let's praise him. Why don't you praise him? Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the due time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him till the sun goes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, ain't God good? He's given us so many blessings undeservedly. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, I praise him little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, ain't God good. Oh yes, he's given us so many blessings unerving. That's what we are. Oh yes, we ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him for today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him with all of your heart tonight? And Amen. The service tomorrow night is at 6:30, correct? Yes, it starts at 6:30. So, don't be late cuz how many be looking forward to another time in the house of the Lord? And Amen. God's good to us, isn't he? And it's so good to have all of our visitors with you. God bless you. And we always welcome the visitors, but it's good to have home folks, too. It's good to have y'all here. And guess what? One of these days, we'll never have to go home. That's what we're longing for, ain't it? Amen. To be in the presence of the Lord all the time. and not have bad days. I know y'all don't have bad days. It's just me. But you know what? I'm so glad that he's alive and well in my heart tonight. Aren't you? Let's sing that as we go tonight. Well, he's alive and well. Oh, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Applause] Well, he's the same yesterday and today and forever.
