################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-20 - Bro. Thomas Byler • 3/19/25 • Wed • Hidden Manna - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-20
Title:   Bro. Thomas Byler • 3/19/25 • Wed • Hidden Manna
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URintU_82Kg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] Do [Music] you feel [Music] [Music] Doing it. [Music] Hello. Yeah, you [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Welcome everybody this evening. Are you happy to be here? Amen. Can't think of a better place to be when they've got tornado warnings out in the house of the Lord. Amen. It's better than any storm shelter, I reckon. Amen. Can we sing that song? Welcome, Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Let's just invite him this evening. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. When we are in your presence, fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. For you're the living water, the never drying fountain and comforter and counelor and take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence and fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of me. You're the living water. For you're the living water, the never drying fountain. a comforter and counelor and take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. live inside of me. Amen. He comes where he's invited. Amen. Listen. He is here. He is here. Oh, he is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. And he is here. Holy, holy. Will bless his name again. And he is here. Listen closely. Hear him call. out your name. And he is here. You can touch him and you will never be the same. For he is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. Oh, he is here. Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. He is here. I have. Oh, hear him calling now. Your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. Amen. Let's stand this evening. I'm going to sing that song, child, your cries have awoken the master this evening. Oh, crossing the calm sea with Jesus when the disciples were getting concerned. The wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep in the stern. Oh, does he not care that we perish? Well, we're helpless and we're so afraid. And Jesus arose when they called him and said to them, "Where is your faith? Because you prayed on. Because you held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken. the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice and child. Your cry have awoken the master. Oh, and it hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun and seen no hope in the distance. You're frightened and nowhere to run. And by now your best soul is failing. And you're thinking that you'll surely drown. And you've cried out for help from the Savior. And you know you can't give up now because you prayed all night. Cuz you held on with all of your might. And child, your cry have awoken. The [Music] master for he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. [Music] Oh, have awoken the master because you prayed all night. Oh, because you [Music] prayed all night. Cuz you held on with all of your might. Child, your cries have awoken to the master. Oh, he knows your voice. Lift your hands. It's time to rejoice, child. Your cries have awoken the master. Child, your cries. Oh child, your cries have awoken the [Laughter] master. Amen. How many seen him come on the scene? Amen. Let's just claim it this evening saying, "It's already done. It's already done. It's already [Music] done. It's already [Music] done. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. It's already done. It's already [Music] done. Oh, it's already done. For the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. And I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already [Music] healed. Oh, I'm already healed. In Jesus name. The battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. Oh, I'm already here. Oh, I'm already [Music] here. Oh, I'm already here. For the battle is over. The victory is a one and it's already done. My family is sealed. My family is [Music] sealed. Oh, my family is [Music] sealed. For the battle is over and the victory is won. Oh, it's already done. My family is sealed. My family is [Applause] sealed. Oh, my family is here. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done in Jesus name. It's already [Music] done. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. Amen. Do you believe it this evening? Amen. We're going to go to prayer at this time. Brother Caleb and brother Michael John and brother John Wade, if you'd come this [Music] evening. And we don't have any written prayer requests this evening, but and if you have a need, just let it be known for Lord Uptown this evening. Brother Michael John, would you pray for us this evening? Amen. You be may be seated as you give this evening. And let's sing. Teach me Lord to wait. [Music] Teach me Lord to way down on my knees till in your own good time. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait a prayer for an answer from you. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. And they shall run and not weary. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord and teach me Lord to wait and teach me Lord to wait while hearts are a flame. Let me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed and keep my eyes on thee. Let me be on this earth what you want me to be. Oh they that wait upon the Lord. They shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles, and they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me, Lord, and teach me Lord to wait. Amen. The more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. For every day I live. Lord, I love you more. And it's the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more. to fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. One more time. Just close our eyes this evening. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. Come on. I lift it up, Lord. Oh, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven, won't you feed me till I want no more? Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Amen. Let's stand this evening as brother Ber comes. We'll sing welcome. Welcome Holy Ghost. We welcome the welcome. Welcome. Welcome. The Holy Ghost we will come thee. Come in power this very hour. Holy Ghost we will come thee. [Music] I was just looking at the radar. Amen. A minute ago and it looks like there's a little bit of a storm coming through but hopefully it won't be anything major. So, if you hear thunder and lightning real bad, don't get too scared. Amen. Praise the Lord. I know they've got some warnings out and stuff, but Amen. The Lord is our protector. Ain't that right? Amen. So, it's good to be in the house of the Lord. We just greet each one in the name of the Lord. And Amen. We want to remember uh Laura's dad. All right. Laura. Laura's dad. [Music] Okay. All right. That's right. Surgery is successful. Amen. Pray for her mother now because she's having a limp. Okay. Tomorrow morning. All right. So, we'll pray for her. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Kind heavenly father, we're so grateful, Lord Jesus, that we have a great God like you that we can come before you, Lord. Father, knowing Lord Jesus that it's the precious blood of Jesus Christ, God, our faith in you, Lord Jesus, that you are able to hear our voice, Lord, answer prayers, Lord Jesus, and you said, "Ask anything in your name, you would do it, Lord. And we're all calling before you, Lord Jesus, for Laura's mom, Lord, as she's having this surgery done tomorrow. We ask, God, that you would just touch her in a special way, Lord. Father, we just ask Lord come now Lord Jesus and com bring comfort and be with each and every one of the physicians and so forth, Lord. And Father, we just ask God also for Sister Parish tonight, Lord. First, we want to thank you, Lord, that she's doing a little better, God. And the medicine they've given her has caused her to be a little better, Father. And we're always looking for every little sign, thanking you for every little healing, Lord, that you give to our body. And same way with Sister Janet, God, having got up a little bit, Lord Jesus, and trying to get up and get around, Lord, we thank you for your healing power. Thank you for your word, Lord Jesus, that you have given us the assurance that we can have faith in what you have said, Lord. And now tonight, Father, as we commit this Wednesday night service to you, Lord, no doubt, but many are maybe tired, Lord Jesus, different things going around, Lord. But, Father, in it all, we come to the house of God to show you that we love you, to bring respects to you, Lord Jesus. That's why we prepare ourselves and come out, Lord, to hear what you have to say to us, Lord Jesus, tonight, God. Get me out of the way, Lord. Then just speak through your spirit, Father, the things that you once said tonight now. and we just commit this service to you. May it bring honor and glory to your name in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Just want to say, brother Brad, he came to me the other day and he uh kind of had a project that he had on his heart that he wanted me to pray about and think about maybe doing. Amen. And I think maybe I don't know if y'all have heard uh but we're talking about Amen. perhaps building a gymnasium out here. Amen. So I said he wasn't going to remodel this that or the other. He when he asks, he asks speak. So Amen. That's all right. Right. So anyway, but I just prayed about it and at first I was, you know, of course, you know, kind of reluctant and so forth, but I feel good about it. Amen. However, I uh want to have a meeting Sunday after service and I want all the heads of every house if you would, Amen. to meet us at the fellowship hall. Amen. And brother Brad will speak a little bit and I'll say a few words and we'll try to get the feeling of the people. Remember brother Bham said when they were trying to you whenever they would try to do something they try to get the feeling of the people you know right see how everybody feels about it and of course pray about it and see what the Lord what he wants. Amen. But it certainly would be nice to have something like that out there that way. Amen. That facility out there and that area out there could actually be used in the wintertime or no matter what the weather would be. Brother John wouldn't have to get the Tinton gym anymore. Amen. Which I know that you know, but we'll we'll go over some of the details. I know he's talking about putting a kitchen maybe in it and some bathrooms and things like that. So, um anyway, so there it is. Everybody knows and so uh but we want to talk to everybody, see what everybody's feeling is in is in it and most of all the direction of the Lord and and then go from there. Would that be all right? So, that's after service Sunday. Amen. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. You got plenty of time. Amen. All right. We won't try to keep you too long, but we just have a little thought on our heart. Basically, it's back to back to the same message we preached on Amen. on talking about eagle food. A eagle food. Amen. We want to go back to our basically where we started off at because it seems like the Lord's just given me a few more thoughts in that direction. And so, Amen. We'll just um let's just see what the Lord will have for us this evening. Amen. And see what see what uh God's great eagle has to say to us. Amen. Amen. What God's word has to speak to us because I certainly don't have anything worthwhile saying. Amen. But God does. His word does. And that's what we come to hear. Isn't that right? Amen. So, if you will Amen. We've prayed. Let's just open our Bibles and we'll read um kind of our foundation scripture. Amen. Or our storyline that we want to begin with in second or first kings. First Kings. We want to preach out of a message called Jezebel religion and also um spiritual food in due season because brother Brandham in both of those messages talked about how that America typed Israel. Okay. How many remembers him saying that different times that how that we drove back the inhabitants of the land and come for peace, you know, and to be able to serve God and all the things that God did and God did great miracles until an Ahab, ain't that right, rose up on a Jezebel rose up. Amen. all the way up to where uh you know he preached you know to Ahab and and and I'll just I'll just read the quote on what he said about it and what happened afterwards and how that we are typed in that. Amen. And then I would just want to speak Amen. First let me read the scriptures and then I'll give you my title. Amen. In first kings [Music] 17, and Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, "As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be due nor rain these years, but according to my word." And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself in the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan. Now remember that scripture because it'll be one of the points that I want to get to this evening. Hide thyself by that brook. And it shall come to pass that thou shalt drink of the brook and for I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there. So he went and did according to the word of the Lord. For he went and dwelt by the brook the brook Cherth that is before Jordan. And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning and bread and flesh in the evening. And he drank of the brook. And it came to pass after a while that the book brook dried up because there had been no rain in the land. And the word of the Lord came to him saying, "Get rise, get ye to uh Sarapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow woman." And also remember this widow woman because brother Brandham types the bride with this widow woman also. Amen. Amen. I always like to stay with the types and shadows that the prophet gave. Amen. Because I've got confidence in that. Amen. He also typed a little bit that we also Amen. go along with this uh uh I Elijah Amen. to this brook. Amen. This place where we have plenty to drink and plenty to eat. Amen. Arise get thee. Okay. Now command commanded a widow woman to sustain thee. And she arose and went to Saraph. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks. And he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in the vessel that I may drink." And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her and said, "Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of a meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruise. And behold, I am gathering two sticks that I may go in and dress it for my for me and my son, that we may eat it and die. And Elijah said unto her, "Fear not. Go do as thou has said, but make me therefore a little cake first." I don't know. I don't know if Brother Brandon caught this or if you caught this, but from what I understand here, he says, "Yeah, I want you to do that." In other words, I want you to make yourself a cake and your son. Ain't that right? But make me one first. So there must have be there's going to be some left over, right? Amen. So yeah, do that. But bring me one first. All right. After that, thou can make it for thee and thy son. For thus sayaith the Lord thy God of Israel, the barrel shall not waste, neither shall the cruise of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth. Amen. May God his blessings to the reading of the word. We won't keep you seated. We won't keep you seated. We won't keep you standing. My Lord, now you see how I if I ever mess up. Now you know why. Amen. Praise the Lord. I will keep you seated. Praise be the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Over in the book of Revelations. And let me see here. Maybe I should open my Revelations 2 and verse 17 says, "And he saith, he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the hidden mana and will give him a white stone and in the stone a new name written which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth it. Notice he said there that they will receive I believe brother Brandham said in the church age book that hidden revelation. Amen. Another scripture says in Revelations uh 10 uh and verse 8 after of course we read all of that about the ve of the voice of the seventh angel when he began to sound. Amen. The mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake to me again and said go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. And I went unto the angel. Remember John typing the bride now. and said unto him, "Give me the little book." And he said unto me, "Take it and eat it up. Take it and eat it up. It shall make thy bitter, thy belly bitter, and it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." And he took the book out of the angel's hand and ate it up as it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I eaten it, my uh belly belly was bitter. Amen. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." I believe Brother Bam said long after he's gone, these tapes will still live on. Amen. How many believes they have gone around the world probably many more many more times than when he was here upon the earth. Still keeping on going. Keeping on going and it just keeps on going. Amen. Brother Brandon makes a statement. He said, "Now, you remember what that dream that I got, the interpretation was." Amen. Because he had a dream. Now, notice here, let me see. Uh, let me go back just a little bit. Brother Bannon was trying to get some of his brothers in that dream to go back. Stay back. Don't come across that water with those boats. You won't make it. And so forth. He had that vision. and so forth and and but he was he was saying right now I'm just punching right away and if if the shell don't fire I'll just throw another one in and and and try again. Okay, I'll hit the object that I'm shooting at. You know what I mean? Uh he says there's something somewhere I'm leaving for these meetings just plunging out yonder. So, it sounds like brother Brandham didn't know just for sure exactly which way direction to go and what to do, but he was just just just doing the best he could. But he says, "But I don't aim to teach these great things that I teach you people." Amen. All right. You remember that dream? He says, "Go back and store up food." Go back and store up food. Now, where was the storehouse, the tabernacle? Where where is there anything like it in the country around here anywhere that would compare with the message that we have? Amen. Ain't that the truth? What would compare? Where in the world would you go and compare with the food that you are eating with the message that we have tonight? I want to just take a my feeble efforts, my feeble self to think about taking this message because as we talk about eagle food where the carcass is there, the eagles will be gathered together. Amen. And I thought this some of the things that's going to be maybe seem kind of scattered, but um I want to speak about like when you take a can a can of food. Amen. Especially if you're a diabetic or if you're have high cholesterol or you don't want too much sodium or all of that stuff and you turn that thing around. Ain't that right? Most of us probably look at the ingredients. We want to see how much cholesterol is in it. We want to see how much sodium's in it. We sure want to know how much sugar is in it, how many grams of sugar that you have. And and of course, you want if you're sight diabetic, you would definitely want to look at how many added sugars there is. Amen. And how much saturated fat? How much fat? But they got all kinds of stuff up in there. Ain't that right? You know, and that's the way kind of this message is. Amen. When we talk about eagle food tonight, we want to look a little bit about the look at the ingredients. We can't just say we got eagle food. Well, that's just kind of a broad statement. I like to go in there and dig into it a little bit and find out just what what really what is eagle food. Amen. Amen. So, Amen. It's it's it's it's more than what I can really express. It's greater than what I can express, but we'll try our best to give you just a glimpse of it. Would that be okay? But for one thing, we know that God had told Brother Bam to store up the food. Ain't that right? Store up the food. Somehow, he knew that we wouldn't need it. Amen. And we'll find out why. Where's there anything to compare with the message that we have? He says, "Where would you go to find show me its comparison anywhere?" Amen. Show me its comparison anywhere. You'll go right back into denominational creeds and you'll have to go right out. Amen. And back in away from the Lord. Amen. He says, "Well, one message that I preached here to you not long ago." He says to y'all, "Look, I've been preaching from one hour to six hours on one message." I mean, know the spoken word is the original seed. Amen. He took a many took about six hours on that message. Wow. And he says if I would have used one of those message, it take a week to take it just a little bit here and a little bit there. See, because it's been stored up here. How many thankful for stored up food? You and I have stored up food. It's on tapes. It'll go worldwide on the tapes where people in their houses. Them tapes will fall right into the hands of the predestinated of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many believe that he can direct that word? Amen. He'll direct anything just exactly to its course. And that's the reason that he sent me back to do this to star up food here. And he forbid me to go overseas. Thank you, Jesus, for starring up food. Amen. Because he knew that we wouldn't need it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. How many knows we're living in quite a day at quite an hour and not just into 2001 and 2025 or 20? I guess we're in 25 now. Unbelievable. Ain't that right? 2025. How many remembers, man, everybody panicking the computers are going to shut down, man. At the year 2000 when it rolls out, they they won't be able to figure out how to put that extra zero in there. and you know 2020 or you know or 2000 even actually was about so many zeros man it's just going to mess everything up better fill that freezer up better get that generator amen but think about it 25 years ago almost but when I want want to talk about first think about it in the early 1900s around the early 19 round the turn of the 19th century God begin to do something. Amen. It was going to be the beginning of the end. Ain't that right? Cuz all down through we had reformers. Brother Bam called Martin Luther, John Wesley, all them reformers. Not prophets, but reformers. Amen. And they would just reform, reform, reform. That's when I'm my you just would not believe when I talk to my cousin of all the different splits the Mish have and the Menanites have and all they reform a little bit more and they can have a gravel driveway they can't have a gravel driveway they can have lights on there the other hello all kinds of reforming that goes on there were the hour reforms around the turn of the 19th century when I look at it in my philosophy or my way of thinking it we have progressed in science in 120 years more than they did in 2000. Much more progression in a hundred years than in 2,000 years to my opinion. Isn't that right? Did you see him get away from the horse and buggy in 2000? I didn't. Did you see him build cars? You know, did you see him flying to the moon and jets and rockets? Did you see him with cell phones? Did you hear the entire almost the entire knowledge of the world is in your hands. Isn't that right? I mean, if you want to know anything, just Google it. Just right there it is. That's why I make that statement. The way that I see it, it has progressed drastically. Brother Abraham talked about the progression of it. Amen. He talked about his dad, what he drove and now what his son will drive, you know, and and on down what those people before us and how did even in uh uh science and everything, how did it's progressed, how did it's changed. Amen. the women and the men and how they dress. And man, they used to, you know, they that they let the devil come in by just uh letting one song get by, they used to monitor or restrict certain songs. They wouldn't let you play just any song. But when they let that one slip through and look at where it is today, ain't that right? Look at where it is today. That's why brother Bennett makes the state statement. He says, "The lid has come off of hell." The lid has come off of hell. Why? Because people opened themselves up to it. Why do you think people tattoo themselves? Why is there no end to what people will do? They'll eye color their eyes. They look like a hideous demon. There's no end to how far people will go. Amen. was going to do something and he was going to do something different. He's going to do something great. He's going to do some a finality, a grand finale, so to speak. And that thing that we're talking about that he was going to do goes back to a very simple scripture and it hinges on Malachi 4. Malachi 4 is what God was going to do. Behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble at the day that cometh that shall burn them up, sayeth the Lord of hosts. It shall leave them neither root nor branch. Amen. But I love them butts, don't you? But unto you that fear my name, shall a son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings. How many of man I'm here to tell you I would almost say that the healing campaigns were of a biblical proportion. However, I can't really say that they were more than biblical proportions. Didn't brother Bam say he had more success in my ministry than he did in his own. Why? Because he just had a few years. What? Three and a half years. Brother Brandham had 15 to 18 years, if not more than that. Well, it was more than that because we only have the tapes from 48 to 65, but he was preaching long before that. Ain't that right? More success, greater healing campaigns, 500,000 at a time, 30,000 healings and so forth or conversions. And oh my look at the mass that it was. Amen. You'd have Yeah. rise with uh he leing his wing and ye shall grow go forth and grow up as calves of the stall. You shall tread down the wicked for the day that shall they shall be ashes under the souls of your feet. And the day that I shall do this, sayith the Lord. Verse five. Behold, I will send you Elijah to prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the fathers, least I come and smite the earth with a curse. What was the first curse that God put upon Adam? That thou shalt surely die. You're going to die. Death. He brought death upon humanity. The final curse that's to be lifted is death. Death will be gone. Amen. But he wouldn't come and he'd smite the earth with a curse if it wasn't for Malachi 4. So how many believe that if you're not in Malachi 4, you'll be under that curse? My very very important. That's a that's what God was going to do. That was God's secret weapon that he was going to bring. And I talked about the reformers because this here is not going to be reformer. This prophet did not come to just bring another form. No, this prophet came to restore to take us back to the original. That's why he preached the spoken word. It was so important to brother Bam. The spoken word is the original seed. Amen. The original seed will bring forth another Acts 2:38 church. It has to be back to book of Acts, back to the faith of the fathers, back to what they had. He was going to bring restoration, not reformation. Glory. Amen. Now, how many knows that those tapes, those books, this message is eagle food? You are feeding on eagle food, not feeding on man-made. You're feeding on the body word of the son of man. Make sure that you have properly eaten of this food. To give you strength to fly above the denominational says to fly above it all, you have to eat this food. Boy, I feel like staying all night right about now. Because we sure could. We sure could. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Not reformers anymore, but now it's restoration. back to what we were supposed to have. Amen. All right, let's see where we want to go. I want to start I think I'll start with uh brother Brandham when he preached on Jezebel religion. He was talking about how that Elijah went and attacked the White House, so to speak. Isn't that right? He attacked Ahab. Said, "Not even, not even Dude's going to fall from heaven. This place is cursed. Not even dude's going to fall until I call for it." He condemned Jezebel, condemned Ahab. And he said before this, brother Bam said that this story of first kings 17 is a type of America and you and I. He put us in that scenario that this Elijah of this day and he was attacking Jezebel. He was talking about the black people and how they voted Democrat when the blood of Abraham Lincoln was a republic. Oh, he condemned him for it. Isn't that right? Said Abraham being a Republican. Amen. He died for you. And yet you go to the other side. You inv you you invite you you you uh voted for Kennedy and you sold your birth rights as an American. Isn't that right? And he attacked him. He of course not just that but brother Ben knows he come and he corrected whenever when this prophet come on the scene. He be to straighten things up. He began to Amen. give us some real food that we could eat cuz we was that eagle in the chicken yard and that food just didn't taste right. It just doesn't seem right. Then all you got to do is put your name on the book. Well, just be a good boy and follow and do what the church says. There's got to be something more. But that final attack that he did, Brother Bam says he made a final attack on Amen. on the White House. Amen. John the Baptist, remember, he had went up there to the king and said, "It's not right for her to have for you to have her." And he caused him his head and so forth. Amen. So then he says, "Then what happened after that?" He says, "Listen, after that attack, his voice became quiet. Nobody heard of him no more. God called him off the sea, said, "Elijah, you've done made your message known to all of Israel. Now come up here to the wilderness. Get away from them. Separate yourself cuz I'm going to do something. I'm going to show them what it is to turn my message down." And what said in war, famine, and starvation. Amen. So we find after the brother Brandham after the message of this hour when he preached those denominations and they rejected him in 1963 ain't that right didn't even have a place to preach anymore I'll read you a quote what he said about him declared them dead amen see until then they still had life in them God still deal with them but when they reject Christ uh God don't bless that anymore Four, what set in? Death. Spiritual death set in. Amen. And people went into a famine. Brother Bam said, "What is that famine? It's not a natural food. Not a famine for natural food, but it's a famine for hearing thus sayeth the Lord or hearing the word of the Lord." Amen. What is it you and I feast upon? I don't know about you, but I don't feast on, well, you better be good and go to church. I feast on thus sayeth the Lord. That's what my food is. It's thus sayith the Lord or I keep [Applause] still. Amen. Praise be to God. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm getting the hang of this, Brother Brad. Even learn how to now. Praise the Lord. All right. God called him off the scene. They turn my message and look what happened. Famine. A famine set in. Hallelujah. Now notice, watch what's going to follow. There was a famine. And there will be a sam famine. Not for bread, but for hearing the word of the Lord. Amen. All the churches will socialize and go right into it. Notice what did Elijah do? He found him a hidden spring way up in the mountain where he got some water of life, divine revelations from God. As he's sitting there under the power of God, the revelations begin and uh being a little hidden spring while all the rest of them, let me see if I've got this on the next one. While all the rest of them was famishing, he was eating good. How many glad to be eating good? That's right. There's no reason for you and I to be famished. No reason for you and I to be hungry. Praise the Lord. My my eagle food. See, when God sends forth a message and tells the people and they don't receive it, then he withdraws his servants and send sends them plagues and famine and deaths. Spiritually speaking now you watch for a depression brother. You think you see something, you just wait a minute and you just wait a while. You haven't seen nothing. Amen. How about a spiritual depression? He did talk about a natural depression, but a spiritual death. Women up here in the pulpit with short hair, big old lips bulging out and look like a Jezebel preaching the word. Now that's some real famishing right there. That's exactly right. That's a pitiful shape. Spiritual death that set in and people fall for that. But how many knows whenever the church world, Amen, when they rejected the message of the hour, God pulled him away. And I'm here to tell you, if you ever truly hear the word of God, they won't want you in their church. No, you'll have to be put out somewhere, too. You'll have to go and have God feed you. How many glad for that? Amen. Praise the Lord. You haven't seen nothing. You think you're dying for a good spiritual revival. You wait till after a bit. You just wait. You'll long and cry to hear the word of the Lord. There'll be a famine in the last days, said the prophet. Not for bread and water alone, but for the hearing of the word of God. But that voice will be quiet in the wilderness, hid away somewhere. Praise the Lord. Listen. Then he was there and he was sustained. But after that one day, God called him out again. He said, "Listen now close. Don't get angry with me. I am say he says, thus sayith the Lord." When he came out, what did he do? He went to he sent him to a widow woman. Isn't that right? She once had a man power over her head, but it took death to set her free so she could believe the prophet's word. Do you notice that? Amen. How many believes that that's the way it was with you and I? Let me see if I can find it. invisible union. I believe in 1965 and 11, just about a month before he went off the scene. He says it this way. Notice the anointed word of this day, his day of which you are part of by predestination. You immediately knew when you heard that, you knew right quick he was an eagle. You realized that you wasn't a denominational chicken to begin with. You know there was something wrong there. Something wrong. Amen. How many know that most of the time people coming out of churches that's what they realize. Hey, there's something wrong about this. There's something not right about this. And why? If you're ego, you're not comfortable being in a place where something just isn't right. Amen. There was something wrong. Amen. Listen. Your first husband that you were married to the world. Amen. Is that even the scripture I'm really looking for? I think it is. But he was talking about that you've got to be dead. How many remembers you got to be said? You got to be dead to that first husband. Now, the anointed bridegroom when we ordained you, he washed you by the washing of the word. He says, brother Bram says by the church. No, that don't sound right. You might find that in the almanac, but not in God's Bible. By the washing of the water, by the word, you are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. So, we see here that in order for you to be first, you have to become a widow. In other words, put out. That husband, that old church has to be dead. You've got to die to that thing. It just comes to mind, Brother Bapt says, you can't belong to a man-made denominational system and be the bride of Jesus Christ at the same time. If you do, you shall be called an adulteress. That's exactly right. Amen. So, you got to come out of that thing. He believes that there's a coming out. I'm glad I came out. Amen. Because you can't you can't those denominations can't eat this thing. They can't feed on what you're feeding on. They can't receive what you're receiving. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, we're going to come to that point again in a minute. But if you'll notice, she turned and she said, "As the Lord liveth, I don't have nothing but just enough." And when she was willing to give, many I've heard many preachers preach on this. It's a very good point. when she was willing to give what she did have to the support of the word, then God fed her. Remember, when you're down to your last meal or you feel like you can't go any further or you're worthless, just about dead. Well, just give the little bit of strength that you have to believe the word and God will lift you up. God will sustain you. That's where she was committed to completely to God. And guess what? God will sustain you, but you got to give it to him. You got to give your to him. So he says it this way, support of the word God fed her. And if you're willing to give what spirit you do have, what spirit did God has given you to support the word, then God will keep you alive. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Do you see that, church? Don't think I'm beside myself. I'm not. But what have you got? What little you do believe in God? with a little faith that you do have, place it in the word. When the rest of the world was languishing and dying in hunger, her and her children and her household all ate three good meals a day. Divine revelation on the word. Oh, I hope you see it, friends. Hallelujah. What went on? He stayed there until the famine was over, leaving with this woman, the church that received him and believed his word. Amen. How many believe that? That's exactly right. As long as we stay with the message of the hour, you will stay alive until this famine is over. Until this drought is over, you can hop and skip and jump. Amen. Because I'm here to tell you, a skinny, dried up, weak person that hadn't ate, they ain't going to be too happy. But you can be so full of the vitamins of God. You You can have joy unspeakable and full of glory. Everybody out on the streets is starving to death. They got tattoos and ear wings. Amen. Spiritually, if you would see them, they would just be a little old skeleton walking around like this. Rings in their nose and ears and everything. But here you are. You come out. Amen. And you're Hallelujah. Glory to God. You've got full of meat. Amen. You got full of bone. You got plenty of strength. That's what you look like. Why? Because you've been eating on eagle food. You've been eating on the right food on the hidden mana. Amen. Amen. Notice he says Elijah during this time had a secret place that God had ordained for him to go to. Notice God provided a secret place for Elijah to be fed all the time during the drought where his food was provided day by day. Amen. This supply I like this. He didn't need to wonder if God if he's going to have anything tomorrow. Amen. Wonder if the supply is going to run out. I've been preaching for to y'all for 33 years over and over again sometimes. Hello. And sometimes I think, what am I going to preach on next, Brother Brett? What am I going to preach next? Where are we going to go? But you know, I find day by day, you ain't got to worry about it running out. You ain't got to worry about the supply rolling out. Why? Because we're drinking from an inexhaustable fountain. How many believe it? You ain't never got to worry about the supply running out. Amen. Now God gives me fresh revelation after fresh revelation. That's why I come back for this. I says, "Oh, I never seen that before. Lord, that's good. Have some more of that." That's why you come to church on a Wednesday night to get some spiritual revelation to feed on the word to give you strength in this time of drought. People so starving hungry they don't even can't make it to church. So weak they can't make it to church. Amen. Because you've got the Holy Ghost. You can't wait for them doors to open. Amen. believe that. Why? I don't care if all you get is a slice of bread. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now look. So he says a secret place. Amen. Now notice what he says here. God said it'll never run out. God has commanded the ravens that he'll feed you. What a wonderful thing. A type of our secret place in Christ. Oh, hallelujah. I want you to understand something. That's not just necessarily in this building at all. That's when you are in the Holy Ghost. That's that secret place, that hiding place, that hidden place. They don't know anything about what you know. No, all they know is church creeds this, that, and the other. But you know what it's like to walk with God. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. And I like that because he said it's a type of your secret place. Just stay by the fountain, the spring. Just stay by the spring and you'll have water. It'll be fresh water. How many glad that you're hit away by a spring? A spring that's bubbling up. Amen. The God said, "Amen. The water that I give you, it'll be in you. a spring of water bubbling up, so to speak, into everlasting life. Keeps on bubbling. Keeps on bubbling. If you don't get fresh revelation every week, maybe every day, you pray to God, say, "God, I need some fresh revelation. It ain't no wonder I'm so starved." No wonder. Because why? You can't just go by your food of yesterday. You need fresh revelation. Eagles feed feed on fresh mana, fresh kill. Amen. Notice that's why today that they do not believe in doing the works of God because they do not accept the message of God. How many knows they don't accept the message? How can they ever fly into the heavenlies? How can they ever believe that all things are possible to them that believe? How many knows this message take us higher than we've ever gone? This message has to produce a rapture or you're doomed. That's why I believe the message there. Brother B said rapturing faith in the earth. Even the rapture is in you when you get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I like that kind of food. That's the kind of food that I need. That's the kind of ingredients that we have. Oh, wait till we get to the We ain't even gotten to the ingredient. Oh my. Praise the Lord. But just think, you've got to believe it. You first have to accept it because we know that the the the womb to the soul is the mind. Every word that you take into here, you become what you eat. Every t word that you take in here is what you become. You become what you eat. Amen. Oh, I'm just not a very good Christian. I don't think God will ever give me the Holy Ghost. You'll never get it that way. Huh? You can't think those. You can't feed on negative thoughts. You have to believe on what God said. Amen. Amen. You have to believe what God said. Amen. Praise the Lord. But listen, they don't believe the message. But those who believe God's hour that we're living in, these things are hidden food. Hidden food. You're eating on hidden food. Oh, I was wondering if it was even in here if I was on the right quote, but I am. He says, "Listen, hidden food, just thing God has so hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent, right? And revealed it to babes such as learned, so hid it that they look right at it and don't see it." You know, when somebody's blind and God has them to open their eyes, you can try to tell them the message. You can try to tell them the word of God, but they just can't see it. They can look right at it and still not see it. Aren't you glad that you can see it? Blessed are your eyes because they see and because they see they have liberated you. They set you free. Everything is hinged on believing the word of God, believing God's prophet. God was going to do something he ain't never done before. He was going to take a selfie. God was going to take a selfie. I thought about this today. And there it is with with his prophet. God took a [Applause] selfie. Hey, he took a lot of other pictures. God says, "I'll only develop that one." Amen. And the angel let that go through. He says, "That's my picture. That's a picture of me with my prophet. Amen. Even George J. Lacip says that you know it's a supernatural lens. I mean it struck the lens. It was absolutely supernatural, the pillar of fire. Aren't you glad that you don't have to feed on man-made dogmas? You're feeding on thus saith the Lord. We're feeding on God's Bible. Taking it back to the original. The word that you eat turns you back to original again. Brother Brandham even in the message said God's word is breeding out that hybrid breeding out until it's completely bred out. I mean we want to be completely bred out and nothing but original. When you look at you when you look at each other you're looking at us original Christians. That's right. I'm screaming, shouting, blabbering, tongue speaking, Pentecostal, baby. Not Pentecostal in denomination, but Pentecost by experience. That's what we're feeding on. When I start to thinking about what we're feeding on, what is really in this food? What is in this food? Isn't that what we all like to ask when we eat something, what is in this? Let's look at what's in it, shall we? Let's look some more. Where'd it go? There it is. All right. That's the hidden food. Just think, God has so hid it that they can look right at it and don't see it. The same way that Elijah blinded the Syrian army. The same way God blinds the unbeliever from the true genuine food of the child, the believer. Amen. How many knows that even healing is the children's bread? Even healing, that's your bread. not meat to give the children's bread to dogs. He said, "Amen." Notice there was meal in the barrel. Every time she went after the meal, there was meal in the barrel. Ain't that what we like to come to church for? When I come to church, I like to have some church. I like to have a meal when I come to church. That's why we come because every time we want the preacher to preach. We want to hear what the word of God says. We're hungry. Oh Lord, I'm hungry and I want to be fed. Oh Lord, I'm hungry and if I'm want to be fed. Amen. So I slobber a little bit. What the brother says. Slobbering like a horse eating alalfa. Having a good time. Amen. Thankfully the front rows back far enough. We're trying not to slobber on you. Amen. Think about it. Listen. So does every time she went for it. Why meal represented Christ in the meal offering? The burrs had to be set when he in those the sticks that ground them. The burrs had to be just set right to grind every one of them. Every burr of this meal exactly the same. Showing that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That was the word. That's the bread of life that follows the message. Amen. That he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's what we want to eat cuz it makes him a reality to us. Amen. This is not some stale bread from Mother Day going by. This is not denominational bread of Martin Luther John Wesley. We're eating fresh bread. How many likes to eat moldy bread? I'll tell you what, when I find a loaf of bread and first two pieces is moldy, I don't go back and look for all the rest. I said, "This bag's going in the garbage. I'm not sick. I don't need penicellin." Amen. Praise the Lord. I forgot to I forgot to set this thing not to go off. Amen. So there's something I learned. All right, here we go. That's right. That he's the same yesterday, today, and forever to vindicate it the word. Amen. So is it today, friends, that the bread of life that the children eat on follows the message. Amen. Now notice he says we notice here again that the word in us if the word is in us and has come in us as it did Elijah in that day it'll do the same thing that he did he would feed on the secret things of God which is hid from the world. Amen. The spiritual food is ready and it's in season now. How many leaves? Malachi 4 food is in season now. [Applause] It's ready for you. Push play. Feed on the word. See if it doesn't change you. If you've got your heart right, your spirit right, it'll change you. All right. It'll do things for you. I wish I had time to tell you what it'll do, but we'll do as much as we can tonight. Maybe take it up Sunday again. Now, notice and each one of you have this food if you wish to have it. If you are willing to steal away from all of your unbelief at this hour, if you are ready to come into Christ, come into his promise. Hello. In other words, you're going to feed on this. If this is what you're going to feed on, remember his promises. Malachi 4. I mean, believe we're feeding on Malachi 4. Restoration. Every one of those messages, we're feeding on it. Luke 17:30, St. John 12, many more scriptures. Joel 2:28, all the palmer worms left and so forth. I will restore. Amen. And what he would do in these last days and how the prophet said there'd be light in this last days. Amen. How many knows when the world is famishing, when the world is dying, the bride in Isaiah 60, he took us to Isaiah 60. He said, "Arise and shine, for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold, the darkness covers the earth, and gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall rise upon they, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. Woo! Aren't you glad that you're part of that second part? You're not out there in gross darkness. You're not out there in death. You're not out there in starvation. Why? Because you're eating Malachi 4. You're eating what God is bringing. And the light your eyes are open. It's bright light. When everything's dark, it's brighter to you. You see it plainer than ever before. Everything from the very mind of God before the foundation of the world all the way to the end. You see it clearly. You understand it clearly. Amen. Praise be to God. That's what he said. That's one of the references that he made. Just one of many. Amen. That's right. And his glory shall be seen upon thee. Amen. Now notice what he would do, how that it would work, what it would do. All these scriptures pointing to these last days. And that is Christ. If you can hide away in that. Now, I mean, how many believe that's where we're hiding away? Oh, them bunch of crazy people over there at Trees Shop at Evening Life Tabernacle. They believe that God sent a prophet. You know, the women are all oldfashioned and the men, you know, and this, that, and the other. And ain't no telling what people are say. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Huh? But what is it? We're hid away. They might not understand us. They might not think about us. Amen. Abraham says, you know, it was like it's like he was in the days of Noah. Amen. They called him a bunch of fanatic. He called him a fanatic. But the word of the fanatic that saved him and destroyed the others. And the word that you're following, it's going to save you. How many believe it's going to rapture you out of here? The very God that they claim to serve, brothers, would destroy them. Pretty strong, ain't it? Amen. But this bunch of what they call crazy is actually our salvation, isn't it? Amen. All right. I don't know if I'll get to these here or not. All right. That's right. Now, notice he says all these scriptures of the last day and that is Christ. You can hide away in that now in that secret place. You can eat and see the goodness and mercy of God. Amen. You can eat and see the goodness of God. If you're sick, there's healing there. Amen. How many knows if you need deliverance, there's deliverance there. If you need joy, there's joy there. If you need forgiveness, there's forgiveness there. [Applause] Hallelujah. I want to read the rest of this. Remember he was talking about how many know that when he got to talking about the invisible union of Christ and the bride and he talks about if you're believing this if you're believing every word I've said this a couple times in the last few weeks but I want to say it again because in Ephesians he says he's going to have a sp a church without spot or without blemish without any such things. Peter said the same thing. He says be be careful that you be found of him without spot and blameless. Amen. And how many believe that there's blamelessness, there's spotlessness in this message when you eat that. I believe it when you accept it. Oh, hallelujah. This is my message to the church this morning as we go off the air. Amen. You are standing. If you're standing on God's word and with God's word, every Amen. Every jot, every tenn where are you standing? Oh, aren't you glad for eyes have to be able to see? That's right. Where you are standing. I'm trying to tell you, pull away from them shucks out there. Here where where you can get right where you can get right before the sun. I hear the coming of the combine. You're standing completely justified as though you never did it in the first place. You are the pure, virtuous, sinulous son, bride of the son of the living God. Every man and every woman that's born of the spirit, washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, believes every word of God, stands as though you never sinned in the first place. That's the kind of food that you and I are eating. You and I are eating. Amen. The fornowledge of our God. Amen. Brother Bam said predestination to the Pentecostals was a bad word. Ain't that right? But it isn't to you and I. Amen. I've got to lock this thing open. I've got one here. A good one I think for you yet that will go along with what I right here. It is. See, it's not their food. It's not for the church so-called food. It's bride food. It's spiritual food in due season. It would make them sick to their stomach. It's too rich for them. Amen. It ain't too rich for you and I. Tell me that my name was put on the lamb book of life from the foundation of the world. That ain't too rich for me. Tell me I was part of his thinking before he ever created the sardust, the first one. That's not too rich for me. It's too rich for an Amish person. It's too rich for a Menanite. It's too rich for a lot of people cuz they want to believe that, hey, I choose today that I'm going to serve God and that he's got to put my name in the book. They want to think that they've got a choice in the matter. Sure, you will make a choice, but God knew what choice you'd make before you ever made it. Hallelujah. They can't re they can't take the richness of it, the depth of it. It's too rich for them. But it's not too rich for you and I. Amen. See, they can't do it. But for the children, it's bread. It's life. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let me tell you just a couple other things, brother. Different ones have been ministering. I've ministered on it. Brother Andrew Glover come and spoke on it. I said God is the all things are possible with God. I like that quote that all things are possible with God. But I will say I have another one that I almost like better. Want me want to see me dig out of this one, brother Red? All right. Good. If I can find a scripture here. Um, I've got it wrote down. Matthew 17. One that you like better than that. All things are possible with God. What can be more greater than that? Well, see, he said in chapter 17 of Matthew, then the disciples came to Jesus apart and said, "Why could we not cast him out?" And Jesus said unto them, "Because of your unbelief? For verily I say unto you, if you have faith, this is the grain of the mustard seed, ye shall say to this mountain, remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove, for nothing shall be impossible unto you. Brother Abraham says, I was going to choke on it, but I'm going to say it anyway. Man is omnipotent. That's right. You don't believe that? He uses a different scriptures than I use. But a man that's fully surrendered to God is omnipotent. Mark 11:12 says, "Whatsoever things you say, if you don't doubt, Amen, it shall be done." That is not only is it impossible with God, but all things are possible with you. I know God can do anything, but when he tells me you can do anything, too. Anything that God lays on your heart, I don't care. I believe it. You know why I believe it? Cuz Joshua pointed his finger to the sun and said, "Son, stand still. Universe, stand still." Then we've got our problem with our headache and our teache, right? Huh? Our little things. Come on, people. How many believe we need to have more faith? That's right. We need to have more faith. Nothing shall be impossible. A lot of people can't climb there. Most churches say, "Well, God don't do anything this morning." You're right. He's not supposed to. You're the one that he's supposed to be doing it through. You're supposed to be doing it. God in this season is in church. The works that I do shall you do now. You're supposed to be doing these things, you unbeliever. Took an eagle, took Malaphor, Mak took that Malachi 4 to come in there and straighten it out and tell them these churches are wrong. Their teachings are wrong. Bible don't teach that. You got to go to instruction class. The Bible don't teach it. You got to put your name on the book to become a member of the church. There's only one membership. The prophet of God said, "By one spirit, are we all baptized into one?" In one body and our members in particular. All right. I better quit or I'll be a glutton. Is it okay to be a glutton spiritually? Amen. Just when you think it's gone, the devil tries to poke it. But I want to thank the Lord for his healing. Amen. I slept good the last few nights. And I'm here to tell you, well, I'm kind of a pinched nerve muscles this, that, or the other. But God is our healer. You go on them th 20 30 lb weights and just lift a little. Say, "Get out of here, devil. That's right. Praise the Lord. Oh my. Well, I'll just stop with one more little thought. Maybe we'll take it up Sunday. We'll see. Not thought, but quote. How about a quote? How many likes quotes? Amen. It's not my word, it's his word. Amen. Listen, the devil can't stand when you get a revelation from God. When you really get your soul fed, he knows that if the people get a true revelation of the true church, what she is and what she stands for, that she can do the greater works. If she'll get a revelation that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. How many believes that? That's why in this message, in this word stands an invincible army. Unstoppable army. Evening night tabernacle church. Amen. Saint you are an invincible army. You cannot be stopped. Why? Because you know because of greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. That's why. Give him a hand. Thank you Jesus. Cuz he's greater than he that is in the world. Hallelujah. with true revelation in our lives. The gates of hell cannot prevail against us, but we will prevail. This kind of food gives you prevailing power over the devil, over evil, over doubt, over the wy wousy woos and the blues, over depression, over fear of death, over fear of hell, over fear of judgment. All fear can be gone. Amen. It is revelation of God that will give you authority over the devil. This message I said one more. I'm sorry. Here's my one more. I'm glad that a man can live so close to God that the devil don't know what to do with him. Hello. How many believes that's in the message? That's in this food. Give me some of that food. I want some more of that. That the devil don't know what to do with you because you live so completely to God. And if you'll notice before, Brother Brandham said that that a man is omnipotent. He said a fully surrendered man. Amen. When you're like Jesus, how many wants to be like Jesus? How many like to do the works Jesus did? If you do, then do this. Do what he says when he came back. Amen. And they were bringing food back. Remember, he says, did he get some meat? He says, he says, "My meat is the dude of will of the father." More than your food, more more than eating. You have a greater desire. Every four hours, we get pretty hungry. But a greater his true desire was to do the father's will. You walk like that and you watch God work through you. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. Lord, help us. Lord, help us to come to the fullness of this. Amen. Praise be to God. here's my cup, Lord. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. [Music] Come and quench the thirsting of my soul. Bread of [Music] heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. One more time. Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord, and come and quench this thirsting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. You're shut in with God in a secret place. Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face and gaining new power to run in the race. My love, do we shut in with God? Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face and gaining new power to run in the race. I long to be shot in with God. Amen. Were you blessed this evening? Amen. Brother Steve, I wonder if you'd just dismiss us in prayer this evening. Amen. Let's just sing that chorus. The windows of heaven are open as we're dismissed this [Music] evening. Windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy. Enjoy.
