################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/8/25 • Sun. • The Way of Holiness - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/8/25 • Sun. • The Way of Holiness
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWJSRqJtZKw
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. If you could let's just stand before we turn to brother Troy. just have one quick announcement that we wanted to make. Um after after the communion service today, everyone who's planning or a representative especially that's planning to go to the TWWT camp, we need to meet and uh we're trying to work on transportation. So we need to know how many adults, how many children uh to make sure that we have the right number of uh vans or bus or whatever we need to do. So uh please meet with us, don't run off and we'll we'll just kind of get together. There is one thing I do need to announce. There was some confusion over whether or not adults could go to the services. Uh I did text brother Ericson up there and yes, adults are welcome to come to any of the services. Uh they just ask that we prioritize the young people during the day and in the seating which is is obvious. So uh just remember that. But if you're planning to go, please please meet with us after after we have communion today. So let's just bow our heads. We'll open the service in prayer. Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning with grateful hearts, thankful to be in your house once again, Lord. And we just come with expectations once again that you will meet us on the scene this morning. We just ask, Father, that you'll bless our pastor as he's labored and prepared over the word and and and and has stewed over what to bring uh your people, Lord, that would just be edifying and and to draw us close to you, Father. So, we just ask a special anointing and blessing upon him this morning as he delivers the message. And we ask, Father, that you would just move amongst our midst and that we would just be wooed in your presence, Lord, as as the prophet taught us that the mother hen broods over her over her young, Lord. And and just uh may we feel your presence and and the anointing fill us in a way that uh that's just un unmistakably you, Father. We just want to tell you we love you. We appreciate you. and ask that everything to be said and done and and the sang and the songs of worship be to bring honor and praise and glory to you and that it would be pleasing to your ears this morning. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. The children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if we'll go in our scriptures, we'll go to uh Psalms Psalms 9. Psalms nine. I will praise thee, oh Lord, with my whole heart. I will show forth all thy marvelous works. When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence. Thou has rebuked the heathen. Thou has destroyed the wicked. Thou has put out their name forever and ever. But the Lord shall endure forever. He hath prepared his throne for judgment. The Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble. Sing praises to the Lord which dwelleth in Zion. Declare among the people his doings. Have mercy upon me, oh Lord. Consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me. Thou that liftest me up from the gates of death. The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made in the and the net which they hid is their own foot taken. The wicked shall be turned into hell and all the nations that forget God. Arise, O Lord, let not men prevail. Let the heathen be judged in thy sight. Put them in fear, O Lord, that the nations may know themselves to be but men. SA God bless you. May be seated, Brother Brian. Morning, brothers and sisters. I hope you've all had a good week and if you would turn with me to uh John the 14th chapter. You know, I was sitting for a few hours last night and this morning and I was thinking, you know, all across the world this morning and all the mainline churches, Pentecostal churches, they'll be celebrating Acts Acts two. And I was thinking when you think about it, how wonderful that experience is for the believers to be baptized in the Holy Ghost and to have the very life of God in the heart of a believer. And I I was I'll just before I get going, I'll just read a few of these scriptures. uh starting we all starting at about about the ninth verse of the 14th chapter of John and you know I spent a lot of time reading the gospel of John it's one of the gospels that you can you can never read too you know you can never read God's word too much of course that's a known that's a real statement there but um I'll start at this ninth verse and Jesus said unto them haven't I been so long with you that you have not known me, Philillip. He that seen me hath seen the father. How sayest thou then show us the father? And you go, I might be reading a lot here. Believest thou not that I am in the father, and the father in me. The words that I speak unto you. I speak not of myself, but the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. That's the same for us today. It's not us doing it, but it's God possessing our hearts and souls doing it today. You can't do it yourself, but God can do it for you. Believe me, and I am in the Father and the Father in me, or also believe me for the very work's sake. And that's the same for us as a church this morning. When God does something for you, it gives you a foundation. It makes you stable. And you can go the next step and keep working in it. And it goes, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. Greater works than these shall he do because I go unto the father. So Christ, the Lord is setting a principle right here. He's telling these 12 apostles, he's telling them what he's about to do. Could they they didn't really understand it until the day of Pentecost, but until the 40 days before he ascended. But he's given them the word that they can go back to to know that he's telling them the truth and says, "Whatsoever you shall I missed the point. Believe me, for I am in the Father and the Father in me also believe me for the very works sake. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, and the works that I do shall he do also greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto the Father. And whosoever you shall whatsoever, excuse me, whatsoever you shall ask in my name, I will do that the father will be glorified in the son. And he goes on to say here, if you shall ask anything of my name, I will do it. That's a promise this morning here. And he goes on, if you love me, you will keep my commandments. And I will pray the father and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever. even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not neither knoweth him but you know him for he dwelleth in you and shall be in you and I was just thinking this morning in a a principle here each of us as individuals in the body of Christ all of us come from different circumstances different areas in the country maybe even different areas in the world and I was thinking but In God's mind, he had an image of us this morning from the foundation of the world. He knew who you were, where you were going to be, and what time you would be on this earth. And I was just thinking how that God could think of me as an individual thousands of years ago and bring about a plan to bring me where I am this morning, to bring me into his. And I was just thinking for 6 thou for 6,000 years he's been dealing with mankind. I was just thinking of all the people before the cross that were looking for the cross. Then all of us that are looking back to the cross this morning, of all the word of God that we have this morning and everything we have, it's all based on what happened on the day of Pentecost. And I was just thinking that God could love us individuals enough that he was willing to split his spirit and put a little bit of himself in each one of us this morning that we would be able to prosper in the day and the age that we live in. And I'll just keep reading here because if I I find it easier as I read God's word that it speaks to you this morning. You can't, you know, I was all the things I also was thinking for the last couple of months, you know, the meetings and all the different ministers and all the different things Thomas and brother Brad have been been preaching. The two things strike ideas really struck me is that you have to have faith and believe and obedience. You got to have both of them. You have to have faith in the word of God and faith in what God has done for you and your experience in the word of God. That's your foundation. And then you have to have obedience to the word of God. And you know the scripture says the believer or the worshipper has to believe that he is God and will and dilig and he will reward him diligently that believes that he is God. And then you go the next thing. Brother Brandham said, "Full obedience to the word of God gives the believer the token, the token, the actual presence of Jesus Christ." You got to have both. You have to be grounded in your life where you have both faith and obedience to the word of God. And it will make you strong. And I I hope I find the right thing. I was sitting there this morning. No, I don't have I have the right one here. I just know myself too well. I'm just one of those kind of people that once I get going, I find it hard to stop. But I was listening to a lot of messages from 1965 where brother Brandham was in the uh Los Angeles meetings and there's several messages that go along with those meetings. And the one thing that really struck my heart about what he was preaching to those people like one in a million and uh proving God, you know, there's a lot of messages that come out of that time. And he, brother Brandham, was hitting on the same things that the ministers the past several months have been trying to hit on, they've been hitting on for us. He's you you have to believe God's word. you you you have to just cast it all aside and reach out in faith and grab the promises of God, whatever that need is for you this morning, and just step out in faith on it. And I I missed my point here this morning. Let me go back here. I'll just as I find out as I get older, not losing myself here this morning, I was just thinking, you know, how dependent as a human being I am on the presence of the Lord in my heart and life. You know, I some most people think I'm probably pretty unemotional type of man. you know, I don't demonstrate emotion, but I just think when I thought of myself years ago that like I was saying, God had a picture of me from the foundation of the earth. And we all, like I said in the beginning, we all come from different areas, but that God could get a hold of me and my family in a place totally away from this church. And you got to think about the foundation that God gives you. So, you know that he's walked with you every day of your life and brought you from one area to another area in your life. And I just think of myself, you all know I'm not from this area, but I was just thinking that God would think of me as just a a boy in Long Island, New York, raised in a Catholic family, all the things I've gone through in my life, that God could love me enough to bring about salvation to my heart and soul one day and to show me this revealed word of the hour. Even though I like some of us, you know, not raised in church. So you could, but not raised in an atmosphere of church, raised basically raised out there in the world, but that God could love me enough to bring his word to me, tell me that he loves me, give me his word and his spirit in my heart and life, and set me about on a walk. And and it really strikes me. It really, it's something that's firm in my heart and life that I know that God did it. It's not something I did, nothing that I that I could ever deserve, but I know that God loved me enough that he would deal with my heart and life. I maybe I don't know where I'm going this morning, but I I was reading this quote this morning. I was reading other things. Um, this is from the Sunday school to this is the idea I had I couldn't find the thing for a couple of weeks ago. And I was thinking these are the notes about it. And what it really strikes to what I'm talking about is you can't manufacture anything. You either are or you're not. You can might maybe fool your friends, fool your parents, fool your pastor. Most of the time you can't fool your pastor if he's an actually god-given pastor full of the Holy Ghost. You're not going to fool him. You might think you are, but you can't you you don't manufacture the fruit of the spirit. You can't manufacture that. You have to put yourself in a position that you that the spirit of Christ takes a hold of your heart and life and then you just live it. It just comes out of your heart and out of your life. Does it make does it mean that we do everything right every day? No, it doesn't mean that. But you're willing to say you're sorry. You're willing to admit you're wrong. You're willing to go to your knees before the Lord and say, "I've made this mistake. I need you to make me better and make me stronger that I might not have the same problem. You know, that's the thing about the Christian experience. It doesn't look in the back. It looks forward. It doesn't worry about what you did in the past or the mistakes you made. It looks forward. Does that mean you should be making those same mistakes every day? No. But you're looking forward to the cross to keep going. And I just wrote this idea. I had some other ideas this morning, but they're just blank now. But it says you bear the as long as you're a spiritfilled Christian, you're going to bear it. As long as the presence of Jesus Christ is in your heart and life, you're going to bear that spirit. You're going to bear that wool like a sheep. You know, and I was just thinking about the world that we live in. You know, Christians really don't want to be sheep. You know why? Because to be a sheep, you have to be wanting to be led. The spirit of the age out there is a defiant spirit out there. It doesn't want to be led. It wants to have its own rights, its own individuality and everything that it does. But the thing about a Christian, it wants to be led. It wants to be led by the word of God. It wants to be led by the spirit of Christ. And it wants to be moved in the direction of glory. It and I was just I just wrote these notes to myself and bear. But you can see in your life and this is the most important thing I found in the mistakes I've made in my life. But you by that spirit that God gives you, you can you can see in your life whether you have it or not. And that you know that I'll just finish with this thought this morning. You have to have that right mind in this in the gospel. You have to have that right spirit. It's really important because in the age that we live in this morning, if if you don't have God's mind in you, you don't have the spirit of Christ, you won't see your faults. God won't be able to deal with you to show you your faults and you'll just keep getting worse every day after day after day. And before you know it, you go to the other side not realizing all the mistakes you made. And I as I was listening to brother Brandham last night, this morning, yesterday, and the days, the thing that really struck me and I was, you know, I'm hearing ministers say the same thing that without the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the spirit of Christ in your heart and in your life, you won't be successful as a believer. You'll keep making the same mistakes, having the same problems, and you'll never keep m you'll never go forward. And I was just thinking and I was also thinking about uh people have been talking about fear having fear. You know a Christian a Bible believing Christian a good Christian soldier when the enemy is trying to be put fear on you know what that's going to make you do? It's going to make you be ready. It's going to have the opposite effect. It's not going to do what the devil wants it to do to you. It's going to make you ready. And what I mean by that, when you think something bad is going to be happen, what is that going to make you do? If you're a good soldier, it's going to make you ready because you're going to pray more. You're going to read God's word more. You're going to depend on Christ more than you're going to depend on your own abilities and solving that problem. And I I simply I'll just simply say it like this without dropping anything. Without Christ in our hearts and lives this morning, we're nothing. without his ability to lead us on this path, it's impossible to be successful in the age that we live in. And you know, there's a lot of needs here this morning. There's a lot of needs, I guess, through all the churches, through all the people in the world. But we all serve a God that's more than able this morning to meet those needs, whatever they are. Brother Josh Amen. It's good to be here this morning. Amen. I just have one quick announcement from brother Steve. He just wanted to let everybody know that Sister Parish is back in Russellville at the nursing home. So, if anybody would like to visit her, I know she'd really appreciate that. He may have seen God. God is so good this morning. He's so good to me. In the key of F. Oh, God is so [Music] good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. He's so good to me. Oh, God is so good. My God is so good. Oh, God is so good. He's so good to me. And he he saved my soul. Saved my [Music] soul. Oh, he saved my soul. Oh, he saved my soul. He so good. Man, if he's been good, just lift your hands to him this morning. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. My God is so good. He's been good to me. He answers prayers. Oh, and he answers prayer. Oh, he answers prayer. Oh, he answers prayer. He's so good to me. God is good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. My God is so good. He's so good to [Music] me. Thy loving [Music] kindness is better than life. Thy loving [Music] kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy [Music] name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands and thy [Music] name for thy loving kindness. Oh, it's better than life. Thy loving kindness so much better than life. [Music] My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee, and I will lift up my hands. Let's stand this morning as we sing. I lift my hands. Oh, I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless [Music] thee. I will lift up my hands in your name. [Music] Amen. The same God that spoke to the woman at the well. The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging Red Sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. I look back on history, see the mighty God unveiled. He's proving over and over that his word can never fail. But I can't keep on dwelling on some past [Music] me. Oh, he's the same God and he's living in me. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red [Music] sea. Oh, he's the same God and he's living in me. [Music] Oh, the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth. He came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to [Music] see. Oh, he's the same God and he's living in me. [Music] Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. Oh, whose wonders there too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. Amen. Does he live in you this morning? Amen. He's here this morning. Amen. Let's sing. My God is awesome. Same key. My God is awesome and he can move the mountains and keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. My God is awesome. He heals me when I'm broken. strength when I've been weakened. Praise his holy [Music] grail. My God is awesome. He is [Music] awome. He is awome. Oh, awome. My God is awesome. Oh, [Music] awesome. [Music] Awesome. Awesome. My God is awome. The savior of the whole world, the giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. Claim it this morning. Oh my God is awesome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. Oh my God is awome. He is awome. The Lord you're awome. Awome. Oh my God is awome. You're awome. A awome. Oh Lord, you're awome. My God is awesome. My God is a savior of the whole world. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I am healed. Oh my God is awesome. Today I am forgi. I'm living. Praise his holy name. Just praise him this morning. Oh my God is awome. He is awome, Lord. You're awome. You're awome. Oh, my God is awome. Oh, he's awome. Lord, you're awome. Oh, you're awome. My God is [Music] awome. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this [Music] morning. Amen. We serve a God of the impossible. Nothing is too hard for him this morning. Amen. Before we go to prayer, can we sing It's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Do you have a need this morning? Oh, it's already [Music] done. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won. And it's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. For the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. My family is sealed. My family is sealed. Oh my family is sealed. It's a promise this morning. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already done. It's already done. And I'm already here. Oh yes. Oh, I'm already healed. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already [Music] done. For the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already [Music] done. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. One more time. The battle is over. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already [Music] done. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you believe it this morning? Amen. We're just going to go to prayer in this atmosphere and and you may have your seats. We don't have any written prayer requests this morning. Beck, if you could just play that softly. But if you have a need, just let it be known before the Lord uplifted hands. And brother Michael, John, Brother Paul, and brother Daniel, if you come this morning for the offering. Amen. We're a needy people this morning. We're just thankful for all the Lord has done for us. Listen, brother Brad, if you'd come this morning, just open in [Music] prayer. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we just take this time, Lord, just to tell you thank you and we love you, Lord. And we know it's a finished work. Whatever we have need of in our lives, and we bring requests to you, it's because we want to converse with you. We want to have fellowship with you, and we just want to talk with you and commune with you, Lord. And so Lord, we bring the request, the unspoken and those that maybe were written or wasn't written down, but you know before the foundation, and it's a finished work, Lord, and your word declares it. You the the very nature around us declares how awesome you are, Lord. And I was just reading a story this morning where the the molecules of water respond to the word of God with with pleasure, Lord. that a and and and so Lord, we know that everything around us is just pleasing when it hears your word and that's us this morning, Lord. So fill us this morning, Lord. Bless this offering. Bless those who can give and those who cannot. And we just count everything as a finished work this morning. In Jesus name we pray. [Music] Amen. Thank you, brother Brad. Amen. This morning, I'd rather have Jesus. Amen. Is that your desire this morning? There's nothing in this world worth living for in him. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than houses or lands. I'd rather be led by his nailpierced hand. Oh, then to be the king of a vast man and beheld in sins dread sway. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords today. And I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather be true to his holy name than to be the king of a vast domain when beheld in sin dread sway. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus [Music] than this world affords today. For he's fairer than liies of rareest bloom. He's sweeter than honey from out of the cold. He's all that my hunger spirit needs. I'd rather have Jesus and let him lead. Oh, then to be the king of a vast doain and be held in sin dress way. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than anything this world affords today. And in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Oh give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. You can have all this world. Just give me Jesus. [Music] And when I am [Music] alone. Oh, when I am alone. Oh, when I am alone, just give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, just give me Jesus for you can have all this world. Give me Jesus. when I'm in prayer. And when I am in [Music] prayer, Lord, when I am in prayer, Lord, when I am in prayer, give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, you can have all this world. Give me [Music] Jesus. Amen. Let's stand this morning with that on our lips. We're going to invite Brother Ber and just accept what the Lord has for us this morning. And do you want more of Jesus this morning? Amen. Let's sing that again. In the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. Oh, just give me Jesus. Won't you give me Jesus? [Music] You can have all this world but give me Jes. You can have all this world. Oh, you can have all this world but give bless you. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Say thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Amen. A good morning to everybody. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see most of our folks here. Amen. I know we've took little vacations and little times of rest. Amen. But it's good to see everybody out this morning. And thank you. See, this is the No, it is not the first Sunday. This is the second Sunday. Okay. All right. I'm already confused. Amen. Praise the Lord. I was going to do birthday anniversaries. Well, did we do them last week? We didn't do them last week. All right. Well, let's do them. Go ahead and have a seat. So, we just All right. Praise the Lord. Everybody has a birthday. If you want to come up, we'll sing for you this morning. Amen. Just want to give you a heads up this morning. Amen. I don't know how long it'll go this morning. Amen. So, be prepared. Amen. Maybe two o'clock. I don't know. But we're just going to go for a while. Amen. Amen. I'm so so conscious. Amen. That I just got to quit being like that. Amen. I know everybody's got a nice soft seat, so we'll be all right. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Happy birthday. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you. May you be old Jesus near every day of the year. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you and the best one you've ever had. Happy birthday, [Applause] y'all. Amen. Month of June. Anybody had a wedding? Anybody get married? All right. I heard a Yeah. All right. Here we go. Praise the Lord. Amen. Here's another one. All right. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Is that for real? 29 years. Praise the Lord. That's That's right. That's right. Amen. Come here. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, brother Joe. Happy anniversary to you. A happy anniversary to you. May you be all Jesus near every day of the year. A happy anniversary to you. A happy anniversary to you and the best one you ever had. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Yeah. All right, I think that's it. Thank you all very much. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Wednesday evening. There's been a couple requests of having a testimony meeting. And so I've prayed about it and I'd like to uh have this coming Wednesday have a testimony meeting. Amen. I know brother Eduardo back there. I he'll take as much time as you want. He's got some testimonies of the Lord of what he's done in his life. So Amen. We're looking forward to him giving his testimony. Amen. And then I told him if we had time for others, we'll have time for others. Amen. But that'll be this coming Wednesday. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sister Peggy says, "Thank you all for your prayers. I am feeling better today and going to feel even better tomorrow. Gre greetings to all of my family and friends who are in Elkman, Kentucky." Let's give her a hand. God bless you. Amen. Sister Peggy. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we are very grateful. Amen. That she is doing better. Amen. And we want to remember Sister Parish in a special way. She has a real need of a touch from the Lord because that liquid keeps building up. Amen. And so we pray that God will send down the faith to receive and that he'll send down the healing. Amen. That she needs. Amen. For a touch from the Lord. Amen. So I think those are some pretty dire needs there. And so Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, Amen. This will be a follow-up message after the meetings. Amen. And so we uh certainly enjoyed the meetings that we had. Amen. I mean, he's very very thankful for what the Lord did. Amen. In the meetings that we've had. Uh and so, you know, we had a lot of emotion. Amen. A lot of worship. Amen. A lot of times we express ourselves. Amen. In that way. So this morning we're going to kind of talk about emotion for a while. Amen. With the help of the Lord. Amen. We're going to talk talk about that. Amen. Um I this is one of those messages that Amen just kind of has been laying on my heart. Amen. And um it's kind of been a burden on my heart. Amen. So Amen. It'll be basically one of those messages. Amen. Uh something I feel I there's some things that I want to say uh to the church. Amen. And and I pray that in it all that he'll just have his way. Amen. But if you will stand with me again, we'll just get into the word of God. Amen. First, we'll have prayer. O to the author first. Lord Jesus, we come before you, Lord, this morning, grateful hearts, God, to be assembled together once again in your name, Lord, knowing that you are here in our midst, Lord. Father, you have been here in our midst. And we believe, God, that you'll never leave us nor forsake us. And we're grateful for this to know that God, you are leading and guiding this church, Lord Jesus. You're you are the one that leads and guides us, Father. And we're thankful, Lord, even as Brother Brian said in Sunday school to have that leadership of the Holy Spirit in our lives. It's the greatest honor and pre privilege that we can have. We ask God this morning, Lord, as I feel this on my heart, have felt this on my heart for some strange reason in the last few weeks. I have been burdened in a different way than I had been in a while. And I still don't understand it just right. Understand just exactly why. But I do know that you'll reveal it to me. And I I just want to follow your spirit and your leading. And ask God that you'll direct me, Father. Lord, direct each and every one of us this morning, Lord Jesus, to a closer walk with you, a deeper walk with you, Father, and help us to understand and uh the things that we need to understand, Lord. We ask God your blessing upon the reading of the word as we open it now and try to convey Lord to the people what's on our heart and to lay out the message you I feel Lord you've laid upon my heart to minister this morning in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. If we'll turn if you will go to uh first kings first kings. Amen. And I got a lot of my quotes out of the message called What Doest Thou Hear? What do thou hear? So if you want to listen to that message, Amen. just type that in. What do thou hear? Amen. I believe it was Elijah. Amen. And I don't I've got uh Amen. I've got the u the date on it. Amen. And I got a lot of them, a lot of quotes on my iPad this morning. So, hope that'll all go good. Amen. That was in 59 0301 evening 0301. Amen. We'll start with chapter 19 of First Kings. And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done and with all how he had slain all the prophets with the sword. And then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, "So let the gods do to me and me uh and and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by tomorrow about this time." And when he saw that, he arose and went for his life and came to Beersa, which belongth to Judah, and left his servant there. And but he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness and he came and sat down under a juniper tree and he requested for himself that he might die and said, "It is enough, Lord. Oh Lord, take away my life, for I am not better than my fathers." Amen. Amen. Down in verse nine, let's go to verse nine. And he came thither into a cave and lodged there. And behold, the word of the Lord came unto him, and he said unto him, "What doest thou here, Elijah?" And he said, "I have been very zealous for the Lord, God of hosts, for the children of Israel, have forsaken thy covenant, and thrown down thine altars, and have slain thine prophets with the sword. And I, even I only am left," and they seek my life to take it away." And he said, "Go forth and stand upon the mount before the Lord." and before the Lord. Uh, and behold, the Lord passed by, and a great strong wind rent the mountains, and break in pieces the rocks before the Lord. But the Lord was not in the wind. And after the wind, an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake. And after the earthquake, a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire. And after that, after the fire, a still small voice. And it was so when Elijah heard it that he wrapped his face in his mantle and went out and stood in the entering in of the cave. And behold, there came a voice unto him and said, "What doest thou hear, Elijah?" May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated. Amen. We want to talk about first of all, we want to talk about the juniper tree uh with the help of the Lord for just a minute. Brother Bam says here in the quote, he says, 'Now our story goes in three different places. One, Mount Carmel. The next under the juniper tree and the third place God meets him. He's in a cave. So, we want to talk about those three with the help of the Lord for a while and see what we can draw from it. Amen. Mount Carmel. Of course, we read that over in the sec in Kings uh uh first kings 18. And we find that Elijah had challenged those 400 prophets. Amen. To see whose God was God. Ain't that right? And said, "You make an altar and you offer sacrifice and the God that answers by fire, let him be God." Ain't that right? And when they went and uh begin to offer uh their sacrifices and and it says that it came to pass at noon that Elijah mocked them and said cry aloud for he is a for he is a god either he is uh talking or he is pursuing or he is in a journey or pre-adventure he sleepeth and he must be awakened. So Elijah under the anointing and under the inspiration actually mocked all of those prophets. That right? He was way up there in the realms of the spirit. Amen. Kind of like what we were way up there in the realms of the spirit. Amen. You know, brother Bam says it this way. He says we know uh he says not long ago he says uh Stephen Foster, he says my little son sitting back there in the building was his favoriteite poet. He says, "Many of you know Stephen Foster know of him. He gave America some of his greatest folk songs that they ever had. He was considered a neurotic and he wrote my old Kentucky home and so forth. That's just a little ways from where I live and and and was just about 70 miles from where I was born." Amen. About two summers ago, I visited the old Kentucky home, he says, for my first time. And I was sitting at the bench or at the desk and he wrote that so where he wrote that song, world famous. And I was looking at his picture where the Saraphim the angel was supposed to have touched him to give him inspiration to write it. And uh the guide and so forth that had done left the room and I was sitting there and I thought Mr. Foster looked like you're an intelligent looking man. I thought why what made you do what you did? Now, he would write a song that he had in his mind, but after he'd get through writing a song, coming down off of that inspiration, he'd get drunk, go out and get it drunk, and finally he got into such a place that he called a servant, ordered a razor, committed suicide, cut his throat. Steven Fostner. Amen. Not long ago, I stood by the side of William Cooper's grave. He wrote, "There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's veins." Amen. and sinners plunged beneath that flood lose all their guilty saints in London, England. I stood there by his grave and he laid my hand and and I laid my hand over on the tombstone and I thought, "God, rest his gallant soul." I thought, "Mr. Kalper, why was you considered a neurotic?" You know, after he wrote that song, there is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's vein. He came out of the inspiration and got down, called a cab, went to try to find a river, to commit suicide, to drown himself in the river. William Cooper, that's his history right there by his grave. I apologize, Michael. Do y'all have another one of those little foam things or no? or get it off of the other one maybe because my lost mind and I know it's making her act. Amen. He says that's his history right there by his grave. Then I remembered Jonah the prophet that he was going down to Nineveh. Take him a ship to Tarsus. Excuse us for a second. Let's try that. Thank you, Mike. All right. Jonah, the inspiration of God fell upon him, and he went down and gave his prophecy before Nineveh, where God had sent him, and they even put sackcloths on the cattle and on the hills, and God spared that great city. And such inspiration. And then he went up and sat down uh under a gourd or a tree and prayed that God would take his life. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I don't know if any of us have ever climbed that high in the spirit. Amen. Before, but Amen. How many know sometimes Amen. And listen to what it says, but it's brother Brandon will explain it. And I thought of Elijah who went down there by the brook kidrth and suffered to fil the ravens closed the heavens. He went rain then opened up the heavens down there brought fire down out of heaven. Amen. And when the inspiration left him. Amen. By the threat of a woman he ran out there in the wilderness. Amen. And prayed for God to let him die. Amen. Amen. That's right. Oh, I could just go on and on, my friends. Amen. people that were brought under such tremendous inspiration from another land. Amen. You go out of this world somewhere else way up and then when you come uh you're up there it's all right. Or when you're down it's all right. But when you come in between there. See now as long as the inspiration was on them they were all right. But when the inspiration leaves what hurts. Amen. How many knows we don't never have to have the Holy Ghost leave us. Amen. But there is a realm that you can climb. Amen. I've experienced it many times going to youth camp and so forth. Amen. And just oh my, you just I I'd be singing all the way home and just shouting and praising God and and so forth, you know. But then there's a you you come down out of that and come back to reality and you have a maybe kind of depressing, you know. It's just it's not the same that isn't always that doesn't stay on you all the time in that measure. Amen. When you come down, you can have a juniper tree experience or kind of a the blues as you might say. Amen. Amen. Especially come in between, he says, now if you're you go back, you go back to work, you go back to doing the things that you usually do, you know, everything's all right. But just coming out of that, brother Baptist says it's that in between time that's really hard. He says here, not long ago, standing in the meetings and finding so many desiring. Now, I'm not sure which meetings he was talking about. I do know when he was in Arkansas, I believe he was, and he preached for like eight days straight and so forth that he overdid himself. Ain't that right? He overdid himself and he had to get off the field for a while and so forth. He overdid it because he was trying to make up for lost time. Standing a meeting find so many desiring and I stayed for discernment so much and one meeting right after another having oh just constantly for eight months I couldn't get up or down. I stayed right in between there. He says, "And you know the time was they rushed me everywhere. Mayo Clinic said there's no earthly chance for him." That's right. Now you're up or down. When you get down, why you're It seems to be all right. He says, "But in between there, that's what hurts." Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we just wanted to share that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. There's a couple things that I want to share that's kind of off the subject, but I feel that I want to share it with the help of the Lord. Amen. Um, before we get into our main part of the sermon, I do have a lot of quotes to read this morning. I hope you don't mind. Amen. I I really enjoy Amen. what the prophet has to say. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, um, brother Bam talking about after the seals had been opened on questions and answers on the seals. I think this is where I want to go. Yeah, because I've kind of kind of got into that already. Meant to bring that in, but it's okay. Amen. A major prophecy had been fulfilled when the seals were open. How many believe that? So much so that there'd be a lot of people that thought that mercy was over because of what he said. You know, when those seals are broke, then there's no more mercy and so forth. He stepped forth and everything. There was all kinds of questions people had. People had uh questions and so forth. And I thought that it was significant. I thought it might help you, might help me. this morning when I when I when I thought about this this this quote and this admonition that brother Brandham gave to the people at that time because people would think they were I believe I didn't quote print out the uh uh the question but the question was asked whether should evangelists continue on the field even they were asking well you know when you see prophecy fulfilled such as the pope going over there and coming out and when you see the woman fulfilled and all these different things it's really trying you know It has to way a way of kind of you know waking you up or shaking you or whatever it does. What does it do? The question is what do we do in cases like this? And I would just want to give you amen what the prophet of God said. You know they asked should evangelists continue on the field. Amen. He says in this hour of course what they uh what they mean certainly by all means don't change a thing. Amen. If Jesus is coming the in the morning, preach today like it was going to be in 10 years. Amen. Uh in 10 years from today, but live like it's going to be at this very hour. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I thought about our church here. I thought about, you know, uh how good God has been to us and how that he has proven himself to be with us over the years through many many uh brier patches, through many hard times, many ups, many downs. And I thought of the song Brother Becky sang. Amen. Amen. Uh how many times am I going to have to prove to you that I love you? Amen. How many believes that God loves us? God is with us. Amen. And so uh you you know and and as the pastor I I I just want to I feel led to to tell you this the same thing the prophet would have said. You know what do you do? He says don't change a thing. Keep on going the way that you're going. How many believe that? Now listen um uh but live like it's going to be. He says don't get scrubbled up. Now that's why I'm trying to warn you about just don't be odd and peculiar. Don't change nothing. But if you're doing something wrong or doing evil, hello. Then yes. Amen. Another place he talked about he, you know, if you want to go on the other side of things a little bit, um, you know, in in in uh the token and I believe it was it was a token, one of them, and I'm forget what the other one was, but I know the token. He says whatever you do what no matter how many religious demonstrations he says he says lay us out everything else. Amen. Until you have the literal life of Jesus Christ in you. How many believes that? In other words and then another place when he was telling about uh uh uh that dimension over there and the the people that are in that dimension and he says when you get over there there's nothing but perfect love there. Ain't that right? He says he says so whatever you do amen make sure you have perfect love. It'll take perfect love to put you in that place. Amen. He says, and and I don't have the quote, but you all remember me quoting it before. He says, "Whatever you do, change now." He says, "Change. If you're not in this way, you need to make a change." So, there is a time for a change. Amen. If you haven't got what it's takes, Amen. to Amen. to go in the rapture. Amen. Then you need to change. Amen. And I have I have a lot to say in that area especially when I think about us as a group here as a group here. Amen. For the most part, let me say this. For the most part, I believe we have pretty mature Christians here. We have veterans here. And we don't have amateurs here. We have fought the devil on every on every case in every scenario. Amen. I I still have to I still personally have to have to look out and watch for more weapons that are formed against me to come against me because as far as I'm concerned, the devil has thrown everything in that he's got in his arsenal at me at this church. Hello. He has. But no weapon formed against thee shall stand. Amen. No weapon formed against us has ever stood. And I'm thankful for that. That's God's grace. That's God's mercy. Amen. And so I say, "Keep going." Amen. Keep going. Whatever you're doing, keep going. Keep doing it. Amen. Because I, as a pastor, and and I think this is part of the burden that I feel is that the de the devil would like to change things. He would He doesn't like it when it's going the way it's supposed to be going. Amen. And when you're being blessed and God is with you and God is blessing it. Amen. It's the devil's business to come in here and say, "Well, this you shouldn't be this way and that shouldn't be this way and this that or the other." Watch out. Amen. I don't know about you, but if you've got a business or anything that's being blessed, don't change what you're doing. Ain't that right? And if you're serving God and we're in the center of God's will, don't change what you're doing. Keep doing what you're doing. Amen. I thought my we shouldn't be tell I you you know you know I shouldn't have to tell you that you need to read your Bible and pray every day. Amen. I shouldn't have to tell you that. You should be doing that already. Amen. Jesus said Jesus said didn't he Jesus didn't say get ready for the rapture. He said be ready. Be ready. How many believe that we aren't you know if you're not ready you should be getting ready. Yes. But if you you ought to be at the place that you are ready. Amen. Amen. We ought to be walking in maturity. We ought to be walking the way that God Amen. is pleasing to the Lord. Like Eli uh uh Enoch, like Enoch walked, he pleased God. Amen. And as a pastor, that's where I want to get everybody in here. You ought to not be having to repent of your little this, that, and the other. You ought to be already repentant. You ought to be over some of those things that you're not over with. Amen. Because why? We're in too late an hour now, folks. It's time to be ready. Amen. To be ready and on guard every day. Walking with the Lord. Amen. I'll tell you what, I've learned and be I've been up on the roof this week working hard on the roof and and and I'll tell you what, I've had a valley that I had to put in and and cutting metal for that valley and and trying to figure out just how to cut that and everything. And I'd pray about every piece. Lord, help me not to mess this piece up. Pray before I go, Lord, don't let me mess up today. Lord, help things go to good. And while I'm up there, pray constantly. Lord, help me. Help me. I don't know about you, but I want the Lord to be with me every step that I take. Amen. Not just once in a while, but every step that we take, we want God, amen, to be leading and guiding us. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. So, he says, if you're doing something wrong, yeah, do repent quickly. He says if you're building a house, put it up. He says, "If Jesus comes tomorrow, you'd be found faithful at due at your duty. If you're building your church, go on, put it up. I'd rather be putting the money in stat than some be found with it in my pocket." Just keep on continue as you are. Cuz there's a lot of people who's getting a whole lot of funny ideas about the the millennium. There's folks that would show up under the bridge in Jeffersonville. We heard that the millennium was up here. My gracious, a millennium made under a bridge in Jeffersonville. You know, people was people will absolutely misunderstand a preacher sometimes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I will say this, it come to mind. For some reason, the Holy Spirit seems to have brought it back. But while I feel like the maturity of majority of us are at a place of maturity, I do realize that we still have a lot of growing to do. We still have a lot of more maturing to do. Amen. And I'll maybe sometime mention those areas. But we also have new people. We also have young people in the Lord. Amen. So we have all the different categories. Amen. Amen. All different categories. And so we have to try to follow the leading of the spirit and to try to minister. Amen. That will be a little bit some of those things that I try to do this morning. Amen. With the help of the Lord. We want to with Amen. And I'm going to finish this, but um uh Amen. All right. So, so he says if you're building a house, he says, "Put it up." Now, notice here, keep doing it. Everybody understand now. Just continue right on. You just go right on as you are. Now, just don't stop. Don't do nothing. Just go right on as you are. Keep on serving the Lord. Amen. Amen. We can all say to that, right? Amen. Then he goes to talking about if you're working for somebody and you quit 15 minutes early, you're going to get docked. If you're planting wheat, plant your wheat. If you're digging potatoes, go on and dig them out. Say, "Well, nobody will eat them." That don't make any difference. Dig them out anyhow. Just continue on as you are. He got a letter from somebody. They were trying to sell the farm. He said, "Don't sell the farm." Amen. Amen. Oh my. If I know that he was coming tomorrow and I was the farmer, I'd put my crop out today. Amen. I'd put my crop out today if I knew he was coming tomorrow. Why? What is the point that you're trying to make? I believe what he was trying to make is if you are in the place that God wants you to be. Amen. Then keep on doing what you're doing. If you have to do something different, then you're not doing what you ought to be doing in the first place. Amen. I thought this week I said, you know, it's good to know where God wants you, where God plants you. Amen. Where God wants you. I thought, you know, there's some really, really wonderful message churches around. Amen. There's Brother Biscos, there's Brother Ron Spencer, there's a just all these different churches. I thought, Brother B, if you had your choice of which one that you would go to, Amen. which one you would want to be in, which one you would you choose? I thought about asking you a trick question this morning. Amen. Which one would you want to go to? Which one would you want to be in? Well, that was not really a quick question, was it? They got that one pretty quick. That's right. Because I was going to say, if you want to be somewhere else, then I question your revelation. I question your revelation of what what church you ought to be in, who really is your pastor? Because you need a revelation of that according to the prophet. Why? So that you can know. Amen. I know where I would want to be. I want to be right here. Amen. They're fine. They're all in their place. They're as good as anybody. Amen. Maybe better than us. No doubt. But still, if you are where God wants you to be, you can have that confidence. Amen. And you'll know that you're going to be blessed. That God's going to bless you. Amen. Brother Bam said every Christian ought to have a church home, a place that you support, that you go to, that you pay your tithe, that you push on. Amen. That that the people will know, not just out somewhere. Amen. If you're just out somewhere, guess what I like what I heard a brother say this week. He says, "If you're out and away from church, Amen. you don't go to church somewhere, you are everything to you is right." And uh and it's the Holy Ghost. Everything that you There's nobody there to say, "Hey, you know that ain't right." Uh everything you do, you think it's right. And we don't need that. We need somebody to correct us when we need correction. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. So, thank the Lord you got that answer right. Brother, I'm going to tell brother Glenn, you know, the way I felt about it. I've always felt about it when I sat under a pastor, man, we'd have some evangelists. We'd have preach come by and I'm here to tell you, they could just absolutely preach the house down, but if you ask me, Amen, who the better preacher was, who's the best preacher? Brother Glenn there in the back. He says, "Boy, them preachers, they almost preach as good as you do. That guy said, "God bless you, brother Glenn." You know, well, if you like somebody else more than you love your pastor, I don't know. You know, you got to love them all. Hello. But you got to know who's feeding you every day. Somebody's going to be there for you every day. Amen. Anyway, that's just a little tidbit. Is that okay? Amen. So, know where you are. Know who you're supposed to be, where you're supposed to be. Be doing what you're supposed to be doing. Amen. Because the rapture could take place any time. And how many believe that? That's my ambition. That's my goal is to have you ready today. Not tomorrow, today. Before this service is over, you need to be ready. You need to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost all the way down into your soul. Amen. With the help of the Lord, we want to look at the past. Amen. We want to look at the past a little bit and we want to try to learn from history. Amen. Can you imagine how smart we would be if people would learn from history? We would be an intellectual uh spiritual intellectual or intelligence should I say. Amen. Full of the real that we're supposed to have. Amen. We could look at Sodom and Gomorrah and say, "Hey, we don't never want to be with Sodom and Gomorra. We know what that happened, right?" Amen. We don't never want to backslide because we know what happens to them. Amen. God gives the old whip out. Lord. Oh, we could just man you could learn and learn and learn and learn. But the people don't learn. Amen. And they always fall into the cycle of revival. Amen. And then end up in that cycle of death. But brother Bam says this pure word of God, I read it yesterday. He said, "This pure word of God, it'll never denominate." You can't make a denomination out of this message. People will People will have their little denomination, but you can't denominate this. No. This word will come right back. Amen. His word will come right back and it will correct you. It will condemn your cond your denomination. Amen. You can be a one-man denomination. Go off and add a little bit of your own ideas to this and you're in trouble. Amen. A one man-made denomination. Brother Bam says just to add it to it or put your own thoughts to it. Amen. It'll never denominate. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Amen. So he says, "If I was a farmer and I knew he's coming tomorrow, I would put out my crops." And the last thought that I want to speak on this is somebody came and said that they gave their pastor a second set of keys. Amen. because the rapture take place in it. He then better bam says I guess the pastor was going to miss it. Amen. I'd say you keep your set of keys. What are you talking about? Give it to somebody else. Not me, buddy. Amen. How many got is wants to be ready for the rapture? Praise the Lord. Amen. Let me start off with this also. Listen. So, how many knows that first of all, God is a God of variety. Amen. Even in a church, let me just lay a little foundation. Even in a church, there's so much diversity. Even as brother Brian was said, he comes from New York. I come from Ohio. Hello. People from Michigan. Amen. And I could tell you I could tell you personalities of people that I've met from Michigan. I don't really like don't really like their their their personality. They're pretty too rough cut, unsensitive about anything they say. Just straightforward. I just tell them how it is. Yeah. And sometimes you hurt everybody. You better off keep your mouth shut. Amen. I I look at myself. The Holy Ghost gets me a picture of myself. You know, Ohio's not far from [Laughter] Michigan. Oh my. I thought, you know, you're just sometimes you just telling how it is and you don't have much feelings either. Maybe you ought to be a little more sensitive. But I realized, hey, I'm from up that way, too. Lord, help me. Amen. How many? We all need the baptism of the Holy Ghost to make us sweet and gentle, meek, and so forth and loving. Amen. And so, anyway, praise the Lord. But we are all Amen. All different. Come from different places. Amen. We have different uh appetites. Let me just read what Brother Brandham says. Now, when we started across the country, he says, "I'm a lover of for of a Ford. I like a Ford, he said. But my boy, he likes a Chevrolet just the same, just as much as uh as a Chevy as I am for a Ford. That's right. He says, he'll tell me, "Your rattlet trap Ford won't make it." And I said, "Your old junker Chevy won't. But you know what? He remains my son. I remain his daddy. We stayed in our car and we both got there." Amen. How many believes that's right? You might differ. You differ with this. different with that. But in heart, we're still part one of another. Amen. So listen, he says, "And we stayed in the car, got there, because we was both looking for something greater than a four-door Chevy." When I go to buy ice cream for my children, one will say, "Well, I want vanilla." And the other one will say, "I want chocolate." The other one's strawberry. And the other one say orange. And I come back and I got a rainbow color. So many different things. He says, he says, "That's only a taste. It's all ice cream." Here it stands today. We're all born of the same spirit. Amen. It's all ice cream. It's all the spirit of God. And you know what? The rainbow makes a covenant and so forth. See, God doesn't have and dwell in a Sears and Robok harmony house. Anyhow, God is a God of variety. Amen. Thank the Lord for variety. Sometimes we don't do so good with variety, but we need that variety. Ain't that right? Amen. We need people that are different from us. Peter was so much different than John. John was more sensitive and loving and amen saying love one another. By this shall men know that uh uh uh that that you are in love one another for God is love. He that loveth is of God. He that loveth not amen his brother whom he has seen amen does not love God. Ain't that right? But Peter on the other hand when he was just more of a dogmatic. He was more extreme person. Peter was Amen. Peter was a whole lot more extreme. Amen. And even Jesus, Amen, had to rebuke him and cast Satan to get bee behind me, satan, when he says, "No, you're not going to Calvary and this that or the other." He says, you know, "Get thee behind me." That's the devil talking to him. So he opened his mouth sometimes when he shouldn't have when we take the communion like we're going to do this morning with the help of the Lord. Amen. Amen. And and Peter, you know, he would say, he says, you know, you'll never wash my head. You're the master. Don't you get down there and wash my feet. I'll wash your feet. He says, if I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me. Oh, well, my hands in my head, too. Amen. And he was just always just, you know, boisterous like that. And so, God makes us all different. Amen. Aren't you glad God makes us different? God loves a variety different people. So, whatever God makes you, even brother Bam says, he makes fat people. He makes skinny peoples. He make tall people. He says some with orange with with I've got it here. I don't think I don't think I quoted that one out, but he says he makes them with brown hair, red hair, and he said blue hair. And I'm like, blue hair. Yeah, it says blue hair. I don't know if they misinterpret it, but there's sure some blue hair out there now. I don't know if it's of God. Oh my, but God loves variety. Amen. Aren't you glad there's people with different personalities than what you are? Amen. I'm here to tell you what, Brother Bam says, "What would we be if everybody always agreed with us on everything and we never had any adversity. Never say, "No, I don't agree with you on that." Why? We'd be just some dish rag. No, it's good for you to have some adversity. How many knows it brings out the glory of God? Amen. And that you can love them anyway, even no matter how much different they are. Hersburgers, hall beggars, bers, and you name it. All of these different ones coming from different backgrounds. And Amen. And you got to be careful that you don't dislike somebody. Cuz brother Bram said, "It's a terrible thing for you to dislike somebody." Amen. Because the love of God makes me love everybody. Makes me even my enemies. It makes me love everybody. We need that maturity. If we're going into rapture, we need that maturity. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right, let's start on our sermon. Hallelujah. Now in uh in first kings we see here and I want to read another I want to read another scripture found over in Isaiah. Amen. And then I'll give you my title. Give you my title. In Isaiah 35 and verse 8, it says, "And a highway shall there be and a way and it shall be called, it shall be called the way of holiness." Amen. The way of holiness. Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham reads that and he says, "And then they used to talk about the highway of holiness." Now, if you ever read that, you get that in Isaiah 35. If you'll notice, there shall be a highway and a way. He says, "Now, the end is a conjunction." and see a highway. It was a highway of holiness and it shall be a highway and a way and it the way and it shall be called the way of holiness. Amen. I think I titled it the way of holiness. Not the way of um not the highway of holiness, but the way of holiness. And the way of the road is the middle of the road. Amen. It's built this so that the waters will wash off the trash on both sides, keeping the road clean. If you don't, you'll have puddles standing in your road all the time if it's not built right. He says the way is the middle of the road. Amen. Amen. And I wanted to talk to you about that middle of the road. That the middle of the road, he says the road is built at a slant. Every good road is built with a slope in the middle. Ain't that right? Amen. So that when it washes the water runs off this side, the water runs off that side. Amen. And it washes all the trash off. Now, Brother Brandham told us that, Amen. that that we are a Christian is to go down the middle of the road. And he kept saying that. And people would say, "Brother Brandom," he'd say, Uh, well, that's not very good. You know, if you go down the middle of the road, you're going to get wrecked up. You're going to wreck if you go up the bottom up down the middle of the road. Oh my. I like this though because brother Bannon come back with something, didn't he? He says, "You don't understand, brother. There's not a two-way street. If you go this way, you either fall off and you're gone. But there's no coming back this way. There's nobody cut this. It's a oneway street. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me see if I can tie some of this together with the help of the Lord. Amen. Now, Brother Bam says, "Now, Mount Carmel, he says these different pl three different places. One's Mount Carmel, the next is the juniper tree, and the third place is where God meets him, and he's in a cave." Amen. And it's very strange. She says, "The pastor knows in other ministers watch." He said, "After your mount caramels, you're going to have a juniper tree." I mean, oh my, listen to this. Whenever a man has a blessing in the power of God pours down and does something for you, hallelujah. How many believe that what God has done? Amen. And really, the thing that I want to one aspect of the message this morning is I want to ask what has come out of our meetings. what has come out of it. Amen. So now he says he says listen he says God pours down his blessing does something look out Satan is on the track just remember the next day that Monday after a good day on Sunday it's going to be a hard thing because the devil he's going to do everything that he can to knock that confidence out of you that the Holy Spirit has instilled you on the day before. Amen. Amen. Listen. So, we find out that he went 40 days and 40 nights and God located him standing pulled back in a cave. Amen. God wanted to attract his attention. So, there was a great storm that passed by. It rent the mountains. It was so powerful that it shook the rocks. God wasn't in the storm. And he went before and it went before God did. And then there was again a great earthquake that shook the earth. And still God wasn't in the earthquake. And there come a fire. But God wasn't in the fire. Amen. I missed my one quote. We'll go get on that here. There's a quote that he made that I wanted to bring out here. Listen. Um, okay. So, and God wasn't into fire, brother, sister. He says, "I've been in a cave long enough, and you have too, and know that there has been a lot of earthquakes, shakings around, a lot of noise, fusses, stews, and things like that, and big meetings." Now you have to understand that brother Brandham was coming now to a place in 1959 and he was dealing with the Pentecostals. He was dealing with all the churches. Ain't that right? Cuz having a running around the church screaming and how I'll tell you what all of that pe and getting fallen out and everything else that has been all down through the ages. It's been before us. Ain't that right? And I love it. How many likes it? Amen. Praise the Lord. Sure we do. But notice, but brother Brandham, for some reason, and then you'll you'll see it when he when I speak of it here. Amen. That he he is looking for the results of it all. And I'll just say this um because I don't know exactly where it's found. I'm thinking that it might be lean not to your own understanding, but I've read it several times here in his church where brother Arab says all of our campaigns and all of this revival and all of this. He said it was a complete failure. Remember that. He said it's failing. All of going to the the poll and and everybody going to the poll and prayers, you might as well not have prayed. He said he was very negative about it. And you know why? because he's seeing ultimately where they went with it. Where did all those churches go? Where are they today? Are they in the message? No. They're still out there where he tried to get them out of. It didn't do any good. It was so bad. Hello. It was so bad that 1963 to 1965, Brother Bannon hardly had any open doors. Hello. How many knows that? Because Christ had been put outside. So I can understand why he would make the statements. He knows why he made the statements that he did. Oh my brother Brad, I am so glad. I am so glad that there is a prophecy and a word in here that says that this bride in this age will not fall. She will not go that way. Amen. So, let's look at history a little bit and learn from it. Praise the Lord. Now, notice he's been in the cave long enough back there resting long enough. Time to get out here and listen to what God has to say. He says, "Not a noise fence." He says, he says, "And big meetings, but where has been God out of it?" That's the reason why I said what I did this morning. There's got to come something deeper than a healing service. There's got to come something deeper than the gift of speaking in tongues. There's got to come something deeper than rushing mighty winds. The wind went forth, but God wasn't in it. We've had rushing mighty winds all over the country and sensations. Amen. Blood coming in their face and in their hands, all kinds of signs. But where was God at? Where is God at? My praise the Lord. He says Elijah waited yet he was a prophet but he listened to it. He never went out to compare revivals with them. He never went out to get the biggest tent in the country. He never went out to get on television and so forth as we would call it. Amen. back in there in there they they would try to see who would have the biggest tent, who could have the biggest crowds, who could have the biggest revivals. Hello, how many knows God is not in that. He's not in us competing against each other. We're not competing against anybody. Amen. No, sir. God is in small things. God is in little things. Praise the Lord. He never went out to do all that. All the great fuss. And America is guilty of listening to those noises. Oh, we love noise. But God's not in noise. Hello. Now, we know that wherever Jesus is, there's always some noise. Amen. But what does the noise do? Where are those people at? Where were they at at Calvary? Amen. It's got to be more than just noise. Amen. If that would have been so, the Africans that beat the tomtoms, man, he says, the tomtoms, you like you never heard such a noise in a rhythm, but God's not in it. We've had mighty rushing winds. We've had all kinds of fires and earthquakes and shakes and revival and things like that. And God wasn't in it. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many? We've had We've had many. We many different peoples rose up and said we're in the bride's revival. We're in the bride's rev. We've heard that before. But what are we? I do believe that we're in a revival. We are in the bride's revival. Amen. It doesn't go from here to there. When the bride's in a revival, it's going to go all the way to the end. It's something that God does. We need revival. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I'm going to go ahead and say what I wanted to say even about revival. I said you shouldn't have to get ready. You should be ready. And I want to say that you should not need a revival. You should not need a revival. I've made that statement. We want revival. We need revival. Oh, okay. So, I guess you're backsliding, diving because whenever somebody's dying, you got to revive them. What are you half dead? You ought to be in revival. You're talking about the fire. The fire is here. I don't come to church and get pumped up. I don't come here and have the pump handle. Hey, I'm already on fire. What are you talking about? I'm already revived. Stay revived. I don't want you half dead. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Unfortunately, sometimes we do get a little backslid, don't we? And we do need revival sometimes because we're still in this flesh. And this flesh has a real strong tendency to pull you down. Amen. Okay, now notice, so he says, "We've had mighty winds and so forth, revival and things like that. God wasn't in it." He says, "If it had been, it would have shown itself." Hallelujah. Amen. If you've got the life of Christ, it will produce the fruits of the spirit. It's not something that you have to manufacture. It's just something that manifests itself. It just bears itself out. That's what brother Brandham was saying. If all of this would have been good, if God had been in it, they'd have been right here in the middle of the message of the hour. Amen. Quick one. I was talking to my good friend Dr. Lee who's present now, quite a theologian. And so we usually have some pretty good discussions on the scriptures. Very smart. And he asked me one time what I thought about the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost because how many know people are always looking for well this is the Holy Ghost and that's the Holy Ghost and oh my if you shout you got the Holy Ghost. If you speak in tongues you got the Holy Ghost. All these different things. And even in the prophet's ministry he had different times that he said he thought that well he'll just say it. Let me just read it. He says, "Uh, what was the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost? Was it speaking in tongues?" I said, "Many go years ago." I said, 'N no, I can't see that. He said, 'Neither do I. I said, uh, though I have taught that. And he says, what would you think would be the evidence? I said, the most perfect evidence that I can think of is love. And so we got to talking on that. And I thought, uh, that sounded pretty good. So I just held that if a man's got love. But one day the Lord in a vision straightened me out and he said that the evidence of the spirit was those who could receive the word. Neither love nor speaking in tongues but it's receiving the word. And then Dr. Veil was saying to me he said that's scriptural. He said, "Because John 14 says, when the Holy Ghost is come upon you, he will reveal these things to you that I've taught you." Oh, let me stop there for a minute. How many knows if you ever get the real baptism of the Holy Ghost in your heart, it will actually bring you and and show you the things that he's already said, it'll make you come subject to what the word of God says. [Applause] Amen. And it'll show you things to come. It'll bring your body subject to the word. Amen. Just like brother Bram said, if pastor or preacher comes up here and preaches to you the truth and you walk out and you can't receive that and shows you're a pastor child and that what's on you and if you're doing something wrong in the church and the pastor corrects you and you walk out and get mad, you didn't have the right spirit in the first place because the Holy Ghost always say, "God, I want to be right. That's right. Amen. That's quite something, isn't it? That's right. My my my cause the evidence of the Holy Ghost, it can be it can be uh you know, let me just let me just read you a couple scriptures here if I can real quick. See, Jesus said, "Enter ye at the straight gate, for wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leadth to destruction." And many there be that go therein thereat. But straight is the gate, narrow is the way that leadth to life, and few there be that find it. He said in verse 21, "Not everyone that saith to me, Lord, Lord," shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of the word, amen, the Father which is in heaven. Because many will say to me in that day, Lord, haven't we not prophesied in thy name? Haven't we spoke in tongues? Haven't we shouted? Haven't we screamed? Haven't we done all the things? Listen. In my name, cast out devils. Can you imagine? These peoples were devil casters. They could cast devils out. But they still weren't saved. Hello. And in thy name did many mighty and wonderful works. And then I will confess unto them, depart from me. I never knew you. What a terrible thing. Now notice in the vision he showed me that. Now listen here. He says it's scriptural. Now notice this is what I really like. He says when he the Holy Ghost has come upon you, he reveal things to you that yeah that I've taught you. Amen. He will show you things to come. So there is the genuine evidence of the Holy Ghost. He has never told me anything wrong yet. Give the Lord a hand. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Hallelujah. He's never told him anything wrong yet. It's the word of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, notice it would have showed itself up. Amen. He says, "People are so carried away with all the noise. America loves noise. Look at what they're doing. They turn on these old radios just as hard as they can with rock and roll and boogie woogie and all kinds of stuff. And they got to have it so loud it'll blast your eard drums out. It'll almost pop their trunks. Trunk full of speaking. You hear what's that rattling sound? That's the vibration of the metal on their car from the boom booms. My oh my. Hey, love noise. I guess we're prone to be that way. We're human being. When you talk about emotion, that's just one of our many, many feelings. How many know we need to have emotion? You got to have emotion. God takes those emotions and those senses so that you can feel for somebody. Amen. So that you can cry for somebody. So that you can pray for somebody. Amen. You got to put yourself in their shoes. Those emotions are okay. if used by properly by God. Amen. But they don't say much about it. Doesn't do all that much for you. Amen. Now notice that's right. The eard drums out nearly all the noise all the time of the day. And brother Bam says, "And in the church, we have beaten the tambourines. We have run up and down and screamed and hollered and whooped and we had and and and had a great time like that. Nothing against it." Amen. How many glad that? Nothing against it. We like that. We like for people to be loose. We don't want to come into a church. Amen. When there's ice hanging from the chandeliers. Amen. All right. Let me see here. I'm going to I'm going to try to pull some of this in. All right. And the church is tambourines. Nothing against it. He says, "But where was God in it? What did it do?" He says, "Broke us up into little pieces called Assemblies of God and Church of God, Pentecostal, United and oneness and tunas and different things." And God wasn't in it. It's a forerunner of God. It's a framework. Now, am I saying that about this church? Not a bit. I don't believe that. I don't believe that God's not in it. I believe God's in it. But if you're off the word, God's not in it. Amen. You got to be on the word. You got to be right with God. Amen. We've clapped hands and said, "Glory to God." We when you shout, you got it. And the Methodists said, and the Nazarines, and they found out they didn't have it. The Pentecostal said, "Clap your hands and shout till you speak in tongues and then you got it." But we found out they didn't have it. And now there's one more thing left. And God, take me down to the cave where I can find it. Let's get that still small voice. Something that puts the cream in life. That something that though you speak with tongues of men and angels, I have not that you're nothing. Is that what Paul said? Though I have faith to move mountains, though I give my body to be burnt, though I do all those things, if I haven't got that something way down on the inside. Oh, I want to get to that here in a minute. Hallelujah. something that puts a cream in life. That's something that uh and have something like that. You're nothing. If you don't have that, you're nothing. Though you can prophesy and speak with tongue and show signs and wonders and work miracles and do great signs, but if that little something, that still small voice isn't in there, you're still nothing. Amen. See, that's what we're listening for now. We've had thunders. Huh? Oh, I love it. I love it when this place sounds like thunder and I don't know, but you know, we've had the even the movement of the thunders within the message. Where's it at today? What did they do? They went the seeding on a certain thing, just a certain thing, thinking the thunders are going to wake her up. They believeing, hey, this is going to wake the bride up. You got to have this. You got to have my revelation. And where is it at today? I don't know about you, but I want something that'll carry me all the way [Applause] through. Not just part way. And if you're off the word, so-called message churches screaming and howling and dancing more than what we have fall apart because they're not on the word of God. If it's not on the word of God, it'll fall apart. Amen. And you'll go home depressed. Well, I sure had so much Sunday, but I still can't overcome this or can't overcome that. That's because maybe you're relying too much on emotion and not on that still small voice to speak to your heart. Cuz I'm here to tell you now, Amen. Jesus said, "When you pray, you go in a secret place. Go in that quiet secret place where there's nobody else at." Amen. And let me talk to you and I you'll come out of there when you hear my still small voice. Amen. And you'll be able to take on every devil of hell. Got to have that still small voice. Quiet. Amen. Amen. You're still nothing if you don't ain't got that. We've had thunders. We've had Peruia. We've had this. We've had that. Amen. I've listened to preachers. Amen. I'll mention the name. Maybe I won't. Some of you'll know who I'm talking about. Part of the reason I come up to Elton, Kentucky, because my pastor let somebody preach. That was just way off the word. I lost my confidence. I went to the pastor. What about this? And you talk about preaching under anointing. I mean, preacher on the anointing like you ain't never heard. But it there's something wrong. Something seriously wrong. It wasn't long before that man went off out into somewhere off and got a church and stuff and a little group and stuff and it all diminished. It all fell apart. Why? Because it wasn't on the word of God. It was on somebody's revelation and so forth. Never go by anointing. How many knows you can't even go by anointing because the that anointing falls on the just and the unjust. Amen. It's whether it lines up with that word of God or not. That's where it's at, folks. Hallelujah. You got to have that middle of the road. How many believe that? Hallelujah. Listen, I'll just pick this up here now. Now, on this side, when people get converted and their minds just set right on Christ, and if they're just a little scholarly and don't keep under prayer till they're real cold, they'll get real cold and stiff and starchy and indifferent. And then if they're just a little bit nervous, why if you don't watch, they'll just get radical and wild on this side. See, and go plum into sensations and things. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sensations and things. But the real church is a real sane gospel right in the middle of the road. It's not cold and starchy and neither is it fanaticism. What is that fanaticism? The Pentecostals, they got into that fanaticism and they thought, man, if you don't speak in tongues and shouting, Amen. and all of that. Amen. You ain't got the Holy Ghost. If you didn't speak in tongues, you ain't got the Holy Ghost. How many know that was fanaticism? Amen. Hallelujah. It's a real good, warm gospel, heartfelt love of God going right down the middle of the road, calling from both sides. How many knows? Amen. I thought, you know, we're different. We worship different. We do worship different. Some of us are more quiet. Some of us cry and we've been to what's being said. Hello. Others. You know, jump up and down. I'm more that kind. Hello. You know, and brother Brandon, but brother, I think, let me just say this. I believe that amen is something everybody everybody ought to be able to do. I don't say well you don't never say and brother Bam says the Holy Ghost will amen the word of God. Sometimes we preachers we'll set it settle for a nod while he's nodding. Well he's smiling. Show me the quote. Show me the quote. Well says well if you can't amen smile or or nod your head. I don't remember him saying that. If you find it, you let me know and I'll preach just that and I'll repent. Amen. Why? But if you really want to seek the Holy Ghost, if you really want him to do something, say amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Same way with hallelujah. It's a universal language. Praise be to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Down the middle of the road. Praise the Lord. calling from both sides. That's right. He says, "Oh, how going and get how you going to get that church?" Amen. Get get it right with how you going to get that that church right stay right with the urum thumb of those nonsense. And it's got to a place till where you go into church. It's either so cold and formal and dry. How many knows from what I hear preachers telling it's something that's going around in the message churches? You're either one way or you're the other way. Amen. I thought maybe sometimes, you know, and I have been there and I I I don't go out a lot, but I've been there where boy, I'll tell you what, you couldn't get a amen out of nobody. And it was a plowing job. Just plow. Just keep on, you know. And I'm like, I guess I should just be a servant of the Lord. And I said, y'all ain't ready for this. God bless you. You want me to come back again? Y'all pray up and I'll come back. And if y'all when y'all ready for this? Amen. How many know We got to be careful we don't let that happen in our church. Come to church all stiff and cold and and you're not what you used to be and oh, the revival's over. Come on, people. Come in here. Pull on the gift of God. Be ready. Come pray it up. Get Jesus pray. Oh, so he's a spiritual mometer of 50 below zero people just sat there like a wart on the pickle just a shower indifferent puckered up. Jesus Christ came to save sinners. All pokered up. That's right. That's scary. Amen. Hallelujah. When it gets too quiet, I get a little worried. Amen. That's right. You'll hear that's right. Sour and indifferent, pucker up. And if if and if you hear somebody way in the back corner somewhere might grunt out a little. Amen. Once in a while like it hurts. All of them will stretch their neck like geese and look around and see what in the world took place. You know that's the truth. I'm not saying that as a joke. That ain't nothing but the truth. Our churches when they organize their churches and things that they do, they block off the blessing of God by their theology and get God can't even break through and bless the people. Amen. They get their church so formal, so stiff and so starchy till the Holy Ghost can't come into the church. And then when the devil seen that they he had them made it that way and some of them was going to break through somehow. Then he lets them open another channel. Amen. That isn't really the gospel and run them off into fanaticism. How many knows that's what the devil will try to do? He'll try to push you off on this side or he'll try to push you off on that side. He don't want you down the middle of the road. He wants you to be a complete fanatic off the word or he wants to be cold and formal and stiff. That's how he wants you to one way or the other. But we want that way. The way of holiness. The way of holiness down the middle of the road. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Channels, right? And either one of them bunch of fanatics. Listen, they're either a bunch of fanatics or they're a bunch of starches. But in the middle of the road, there's a gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. As I spoke this morning, back this up way, there's this great question I'm fixing to ask in a few minutes. Is this that men that uh that men take one another's spirit? Be careful that you don't just get some spir men's spirit instead of the spirit of the Lord. Go into the church and watch the way that the pastor acts and you'll see the p that's the way that the people act. See, if the pastor is real starchy and stiff, the people will be the same way. And if you go into where it's wild and fanaticism, the people will be the same way. How many know it's important that you've got a pastor that's down the middle of the road? Amen. But I will say that the pastor has a major influence on how the church is on how we are. Amen. Praise the Lord. The time's getting away. He says, I got something a little more here I want to show you. Do you see what I mean, friends? We full gospel people. I believe the creed of the cross. But what is it? We'd better watch. The full gospel church has divided into two ways right now. One of them is getting cold and formal and indifferent. A danger line. Amen. How many know when you get so cold and so stiff and so there's a danger line. Amen. You just can't say amen, you just can't get Well, come on. You're you're freezing up. When you get so cold, you freeze up. Start moving that mouth. Praise the Lord. Amen. Yeah. That's right, brother. Preacher, loosen up a little. Get some of that frost off. Amen. Wave that hanky road. That's right. Loosen up a little. Get that ice. Get that cold off. Amen. Praise the Lord. Two different directions. I thought about the message kind of seems to be going that way. We got to watch. How many knows? We'll get into some good stuff here in about an hour. Calling from listen. So now notice the next one's getting a bunch of all kinds of listen. So one of them gets cold and formal and different the danger line. The next one's getting a bunch of kinds of mystics here and how things even scriptural. How many knows? For some reason they had blood coming out on their forehead I guess and on their hands and then they oh there's some blood here. Amen. you know, come and be anointed and stuff. And they had all kinds of stuff going on. Brother Brand time. Amen. How many knows he was straightening it out? That's not even scriptural. Watch it. Stay right in the middle of the road, brother. Stand for the same gospel. Bringing all these bringing all the holiness of the Lord Jesus and calling from both sides, but don't get on either side. Amen. He says, "I feel sorry for a pastor. a pastor uh that's a real true pastor here's a element in the church wants to be a fanatic and another one on this side wants just to be ritualistic and usually the cold former gets it all I can say is not while I'm here and not if I can help it isn't that right oh my preachers we got we got we got ways of we got ways sprucing you up a little bit. Amen. Like uh if your your religion don't have no emotion in it, maybe you ought to bury it. Amen. We can sure get happy at a baseball game and use all of those quotes. If that don't get you going, I don't know what will. Amen. But there's a middle of the road. How many believe there's a middle of the road? Amen. And usually the cold formal gets it because they are the educated scholarly type until they're both of them has not spiritual and the first thing you know your church freezes it up and they don't if they don't watch they're both both of them bragging. Oh, I know the message. I know God. I'm an intellectual this that or the other. And the other one well we got emotion. I'm daring to tell you we ain't got no dry hides around now. Both of them bragging. Both of them a little indifferent. Both of them not the way they ought to be. Humble and say, "God, just use me." Amen. Praise the Lord. Freezes up. They're both a little bragging. And then the first thing you know, he says, "Then you take off on this side. But pray God send you some sensible, sound gospel preacher that'll stand in that way and give you a little spanking once in a while when you need it and give you a little love when you need it. Keep you lined up with the scriptures and with the spirit. He's a shepherd watching over you. And if you got that pastor, flee to God and pray for him all the time and listen to him. Amen. How many believe that? Hallelujah. Listen, brother Bam says that you know in the Bible talking about the evidence of the Holy Ghost in the Old Testament. It says go through the city and mark those who sigh and cry for the abominations that done in the city. He didn't say those that speak in tong, shout or dance or whatever. But listen, he said mark those who have a burden on their heart for the lost. Amen. Have God on the inside. Praise the Lord. Go through the city. Put a seal on them. That sweet Holy Spirit. has something in the human heart that makes it call out with love of God to do the will of God. Not just jump up and down and holler and run over the building and speak in tongues, not just pray for the sick, not just prophesy. That's all okay. That ain't what I'm talking about. That's the outward something. Amen. Oh my. That's good. He says that's some of the spirit. That's right. But if there isn't something in there to anchor you with that, it doesn't do a bit of good. It's that wheel in the middle of the wheel. If you're not anchored back there by love, it'll do more harm than it will do good. Praise the Lord. We're just getting into good stuff. And now look what the church has done. It's either got off on a bunch of fanaticism and it went it either went real starchy and stiff and take one of on this one. But brother, there's a middle of the road where the true real true true gospel is being preached and the real true Bible signs and wonders are following. Amen. How many believe that? Amen. A sweet Holy Spirit that leads the church. That's the kind of church to go to. An intelligent church preaching the word, standing on the word with a real full gospel sermon, real spirit of God. Something in that spirit. Amen. Everything is decent. Everything in order. everything in love. That's the kind of church we want. How many wants to belong to that church? Raise your hand. Why sure we all do and God wants us to. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, back on what thou doest? What doest thou here? Actually, I think it'd be a good time to let me just keep going. We're not going to cut it short. Praise the Lord. Okay. Now, we've had thunders. We've had fire. We've had rushing mighty winds and earthquake. But God sent us that still small voice. That's what we need. Listen, brother. We need that still small voice that speaks. How many believe each and every one of you has that still small voice? I got to listen hard, brothers and sisters. I got to listen hard for the sermons that I preach to that still small voice that tells you this is what you need to speak. I had a certain direction, certain thing that I wanted to speak on and then it directed me to what dost thou here message that brother Brandon preached on when he seen how the Pentecostals went off into fanaticism. Ain't that right? And there he brings all of these things out and then I've got a few more things that I want to bring out. Amen. Just to be led by the spirit. Amen. Like brother Brian says almost every Sunday, it's the most important thing is that you're led individually led by the spirit. Amen. God bless you. All right. Now, notice that's right. Send us a Jesus said you couldn't hear his voice in the street. You didn't hear him crying. He was our pattern. Look at him. He was compared his spirit like a dove. Gentle. See, it's great things. Now, here's a good thing. What what's what's the greatest? When we're screaming and shouting and running the aisles and and all these things, what's what's what's the great what's great? What's really deep? What is deep? Because the way I see it, we should scream. We should shout. We're worshiping the Lord. That's how we worship God. When you get over yonder, it's not going to be a quiet place. We're going to be screaming and shouting, having a good time in the Lord. Amen. But for our walk, for as a church, as you walk, I want every one of you to have that way deep thing. Amen. Listen to what he says. What is the great things? Brother Brandham makes a statement. He says, "It's great things are quiet things." Great things are quiet, still small. Boys, did you know friends? Did you know that friends? Listen. The sun which gives life to the earth and every little every living thing, botney life, plant life, tree life, our life, whatever more it brings forth life, the sun does. And it can draw a million gallons of water from the earth and make less noise than we do going to the pump and pumping a bucket of water. It does. It keeps everything alive. And it isn't even as noisy as me speaking here. How quiet it is. Powerful. Did you ever hear don't mess with a quiet one? Don't mess with the quiet one. There's power there. Power you don't want to experience. Don't pick on him. Huh? Let me tell you something. That's God. God is quiet. He speaks to us in a small voice. There's times when it's loud. How many know he lifted up his voice and spoke? Sometimes he speaks loud, but a lot of times he's being just gentle. Amen. Quiet things are great things. Amen. listen than what we get out of a pump. See, it's big things. Quiet things are big things. Did you ever hear the world turning? Do you ever hear the planets as they pass by? Did you ever hear one? That's the big things. Did you ever hear the sunrise? We already know what he said about a wagon. When it's empty, it does a lot of rattling. Amen. Trust. That's not your case and not my case. When we rattle, we're still loaded. Is that okay? That's right. Because if we're not, then you're fake. Amen. Amen. We're like, brother Bam, sometimes you get so full. We get so full, it just kind of overflows. Amen. We just got to walk around. We just got to let it off a little bit. We got to shout a little bit. Sure. But if you ain't got God, you're still empty. And they're Hello. See, the Pentecostals and what they did is they relied on emotion. That was their religion. That if you don't have emotion, well, you just ain't got it. Don't you ever think that about somebody just because they're not real emotional or as emotional as you. Amen. That they're not godly or that they're not filled with God. It's simply not true. Because we have a bad tendency to try to make everybody like us. You got to be like me or you ain't got it. Don't you ever go there. Amen. Don't go there. Amen. And the same way with churches, comparing one church to another. Don't do that. It's not wise. Let's be led by the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. On. Oh, we think we have to have a lot of na noise. We have to have brass bands. We beat we a lot of jumping and up and down. He says, "And or he says, listen, if we don't have a whole lot of jumping up and down or we ain't had no good meeting." Amen. Not always the case, folks. Not always the case at all. No. Because I'll tell you what, when we get down there to the fellowship hall and we have food and sometimes or you get around to somebody's in when everybody's all of a sudden things will get quiet and I'll say it's pretty quiet around here. Everybody's eating. They're feeding their mouth, not running their mouth. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Why? Quiet feeding. Sometimes when you sit there and you're quiet. I know you're taking it in. You're eating. How many believes that? That's right. You ain't had a good meeting. That's the way the Pentecostals saw it. I don't see it that way. I believe that the Holy Spirit leading the church, anointing us to do what we do. We think everybody has to be on top clapping their hands and things. We think that the music has to be going in a rhythm and everybody run up and down the aisles. He says, "We've had that." And what good has it done? Where is it at? Where has it got us today? Into a bunch of confusion. Into a bunch of denominations, broke up. Even brotherhood is ruined. Hello. Doesn't mean much to do all of that if you don't have unity and if you don't have the love of God. And it causes people to get broke up. Of all the shouting, we've had enough to blast blast the noise to convert the whole world. I We haven't had that much here. We can have some more. But he's saying in his time, they had they had some noisy meetings. Amen. People whenever the Holy Spirit would move sometimes they would they would get to screaming or whatever and so forth. But brother Brandham after discerning the thoughts and intents of the heart he didn't get up here and see which fastest play song that he could play. A lot of times he'd just say now I love him. I love him. I read just the other day he says you know when the blessings of God fall people shout and so forth but he says you ever let him come into your presence you won't be shouting and screaming it's a fearful sight fearful thing awesome thing amen that's the blessings of God we love the blessings of God is this all right listen to convert the whole world we've had enough haring and hollering and carrying on till what's it done it has built has it built the church no it's built denominations It made men go out with puffed up ideas and stuff church. Didn't even brother Bam say as a preacher man, you know, you got to be careful. He'll start to preach and he'll start to get a little popular. God will bless him and all of a sudden, you know, he thinks he's a somebody. He says, and then he goes the opposite way. Goes the opposite way. And I want to show you, Amen, that that's the way it can go with anybody. Listen. Praise the Lord. I don't like that stuff. He said stuffed church and so forth. What's it done? Walk out on the platform and they say, "Oh, look at him. He's a prince. Look at how he's dressed just polished and everything." Amen. And he knows just about how to make his vows and so forth. That ain't what God chooses. You don't have to have princes and so forth stand up there like a I don't know what. It ain't the clothes that you wear or the eloquent ones will you speak with. It's that something on the inside of you, that voice of God. Amen. I'll read it. You never did see the sunrise. You never did hear it. Did you ever go out at night to hear the defall? What would we do without it? See, it don't take that. I'll tell you one thing now. It's the still. It isn't the riffling waters that reflects such a big noise and jumps up and down that reflects the beauty of the stars in it. It's that small pool that's deep and still that reflects the beauty of the stars. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. How many? That's right. What we need tonight is that deep rich experience. I want to say where people have been in their closet praying, listening to that still small voice and that still small voice speaking back to you. Ain't that right? Bringing revelation, revealing himself to you so that when you come out, there's not enough devils in hell to stop you. that whatever situations, whatever comes your way, you'll be able to overcome. Amen. All right. Listen. See, listen. I'll tell you one thing. Listen. Big noise jumps up and reflects the beauty. What we need tonight. Deep experience. Something way down there. It doesn't have to shout yet. It might. Amen. It don't have to, but it might. But we put all emphasis on our shouting and it might never speak in tongues but yet it might but we put too much emphasis on on that. How many knows even brother Bam said even as far as the healing he says that's not that's healing is a minor. How many know shouting screaming that's all a minor the major is are you hearing that still small voice? How many knows even the message of the hour? There's so much the message hearing brother Pham's voice. Amen. When you listen to that tape and when you begin to hear not just his voice, but it was something about the voice, but what he said is what attracted your attention. It caught that. There has to be a voice in you that says, you know, I believe that's right. You might be sitting here this morning and hearing the preacher and there's to be something, a voice in you that says, I believe that what he's saying is the truth. You got to hear that still small voice saying, "Yeah, I believe that. I believe that's the truth. I receive the word. Amen. Amen. Don't think that because that you've spoken tongues or that you know so much about the scriptures or you read somebody's books or you know more than the other fellow. He said mark put a mark on those who cry for the abomination that's stunned the city. Who would he mark tonight? See it's the depth of the spirit not the shallowess. It's not the shell on the hickory of that, you know, that's good. It's the hickory under the shell. You got a big empty shell. You got nothing under there. What we need tonight is the depth of the love of God. Amen. Here's what I want to get to for one part. What have you heard in all of it? You'll be going in a few days and you'll hear Billy Graham. You'll hear Oral Roberts. You'll hear others, great men. Nothing against those men. They're God's servants. But don't listen to the noise. Hear that still small voice. Amen. How many know it's kind of like around the message? We have revivals here. We have revivals there. But listen, make sure that you hear that still small voice. He said, "That still small voice, that depth of something that comes across into the human heart that takes all the foolishness away from you, that takes all the world away from you, that makes you hate the things of the world and love the things of God. That's the depth. That's the pool that reflects the stars and God's glory. That's the thing that brings forth tears to the eyes, brings joy unspeakable and full of glory. It makes you stand when all other things will fail you. How many know you've got to have that something that when you're under the juniper tree, when you're in depression, when you're down, Amen. that something holds. Amen. That Amen. you won't be the same. Praise the Lord. That changes your very nature. Amen. And when sickness comes, even death, it's still got that reflection of God's blessing in it. That's that little pool that's deep. It reflects the heavens, not that riffling noise of the water. Riffling waters are not very deep, it's still waters that runs deep. May God help us tonight, friends, to remember that no matter what outward we do, whatever good things we do, Amen. though we give our body to be burnt and all of these things. If you haven't got the love of God down on the inside, you are still nothing. Praise the Lord. Now, another thing that takes place, I believe, I think that any man that's got an experience with God or a woman is bound to get a little emotional. Preacher that preaches and if he really gets under the anointing, he's bound to get a little emotional. Amen. Bound to get all over him. Amen. That's right. Bound to Oh, I could stop there. When you think about what God has done to us, for us in this generation, what he does to us daily, it's bound to cause a little emotion. Amen. Praise the Lord. I just believe it. That's right. But you know what? They've adopted emotionalism for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And they just got a lot of noise and there's nothing in it. You live, listen, I like this. You live just as holy as you live noisy. That's all right. Praise the Lord. I was thinking about this and I thought, you know, I'm probably the noisiest person in here, so I better live live really. You know what? And better bam says, uh, he said, live as high as you jump. I probably jump higher than anybody. I didn't see anybody else jumping off of here. I jump like that. Get up in the air a little bit. Anybody want to try it? That's right. So, Brother Brad, I better live pretty high. Lord, help me. Y'all pray for me, will you? Cuz I want to I want to live high. You know, I want my life to speak loud. How many knows actions are speak louder than words do? Amen. Are you ready for some goodter stuff? Oh, this is going to get good here. And I'm just going to jump over, I think, if I can find it here. I got to be able to find this. Yeah, here it is. Amen. People can jump up and down. People can jump up and down and shout all night long. Speak with tongues like pouring peas on a dry. just uh rolling. Huh? That's right. And walk out the next morning with enough temper to fight a buzz. That's right. Go right on and tell something in the church that'll cause the whole church to be broke up. Oh my. Hello. It's nothing in the world but enticing demon spirits. That's right. When you can do something like that in action and all of your shout and all of this here is Amen. It might look good, but down in there is a devil. Hello. Me. Oh, God bless you. We we want to brother John and sister Debbie, you're leaving tomorrow, right? Before I I wanted to say it at the beginning of service. We're praying for you. They're going to cross the pond over there to England and Katie. So, we pray for them traveling mercies tomorrow. Amen. God bless y'all. Amen. Jump up and down and shout, speak in tongues and so forth. My think about cause the church to be broke up. Nothing in the world but enticing spirits. Now, I want to say this as a pastor. I don't know if this is what weighing on me. The fact is, the fact of the matter is I've needed a cave for the last few weeks. Just a little time of get away just to get in a cave and have that spill voice talk to me. Amen. Because when you're trying to lead a church and people, folks, you want to be sure that you lead it right. Amen. And this this this this scripture come this quote came to me, Amen. about emotions and our emotions so forth. And it actually put up a little bit of a a a a warning to me as a pastor. It's put up a warning. You know why? And I'm going to tell you why. Brother Benham says in enticing spirits, he says amongst a lot of people we find were emotions and so forth. Amen. Where the people are real emotional. Well, I'm going to put it in that way. and so forth. There becomes tattlings, backbitings. Amen. And all kinds of ungodly things, brother. That's sulic acid in the church. It's demon powers. Spirit of men and women get amongst themselves and try to push off and say, "Well, this one's not right and that one's not right." You know, our church isn't spiritual like it ought to be, and is it? Just watch your mouth. This one ain't where you ought to be. And this one I just shut up and you keep praying. Don't you let your emotions get all the better of you. Hello. Because he says if you're living on that emotion, but it can go the wrong way. I want to say as the pastor this morning, quick. Amen. Don't think I haven't seen it. Amen. where my down in Florida I'll tell you people got so spiritual they got together I don't know if brother John some of y'all remember but they'd pull off get off the church I'd go you know we the Bible says that the five-fold ministry is for the perfecting of church and just we've got the perfect word and we've got perfect faith and so we don't need the pre pastor anymore pulled off somewhere had a little meeting even somebody you well know kind of got up went off into that meeting, got off almost. It was so convincing almost that almost carried people off. But what was it down on the inside? There wasn't something wasn't right cuz why? If you've got the Holy Ghost, you'll want to stay subject to god's word. Don't go off somewhere. Amen. So I said, be careful. The devil try to take that emotion of yours and go the wrong way. Keep it just simply praising God. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. Good one. This one's not right. That one's not right. And if you'll chase it down nine out of nine times out of 10, that's pretty much all the time. It's the person that's making the stir. Somebody that's discontent. Amen. And they'll bring discord into church. And I'm here to tell you, God hates division in a church. God hates discord in a church. Amen. I'm going to just say a few things. Let me say, you know, even our music system, even our music, we know that the pastor is the overall of the music. Isn't that right? He kind of orchestrates it and we have to find the direction of it and so forth. And if you like a certain song and you want to tell the song leaders, you know, I I'd like for you to sing this song for me today, this, that, the other. But there's only one person that has a right to go to the song leader and say, now I want you to sing a little bit more of the modern songs and don't do so this. Don't tell the song leaders what kind of songs they're gonna say. That's my job. Hello. How many believes that? Why? Because we orchestrated and we want some of those newer songs. They're a blessing. They are. Amen. But do you have to be careful? How many know you have to be careful? Amen. When you get together and you you begin to talk about the church and so forth and everything else. Sure. There's things that ain't right. You can find things about me that ain't right if you look hard enough. You're not thinking of how that we serve such a perfect God. We have a perfect commander and that's why we love to follow him. But anybody that's human, I don't care what you are. If you're a mom or a dad, you're not going to be perfect and yet you have to teach your children. If you're pastor, you're not going to be perfect, but yet you have to teach the church. It's my job to teach y'all. Ain't that right? And yet not perfect. God help me. I want to be perfectly in his will. But I had thought this, you know, I want I want to tell you something. We can use more emotion up here in the church. Sure. I don't have any problem with with All right. Let me let me just let me let me let brother Brandham say it. Would that be okay? I think I can find it. All right, listen. God's got a bunch of people that can shout. Then everybody had to shout. Some of them spoke in tongue. Listen, somebody spoke in tonesues and everybody had to speak in tongues. He says, "And they got it all like that till it come what? Contaminated with entire spirits." People enticing people to do emotions where they when there's no God in it at all. Then they go out and live any kind of a life that desire to and call it Christian. How many believes it's got to go? Your life has to go with it. Amen. Praise the Lord. I do not have that that one quote that I was looking for. The wrong emotion. Let's talk about the wrong emotions and the right emotions. The wrong motion was one time in the Old Testament. Y'all remember when uh uh he put it brother Brandham puts it down here when I'm not sure which one it was Hezekiah or one of them or was it Ahab? Ahab got his prophets together and one of these prophets the preacher he was so sure that he was right that he made himself a pair of horns and danced all around and made a big commotion. He was going to push the other Syrian army out. But it was a lie. He says God's word said different. Amen. You can be emotional all right if you've got the right kind of emotion behind it. The right kind of emotion moving the emotion. Amen. They were emotional. They jumped. They danced. They did all of that. David danced before. His wife laughed at him. And God looked down out of heaven and said, "David, you're a man after my own heart. Amen. I'm going to go ahead and say something. Sometimes, you know, like my wife, she was s back there and she says, "But I just felt like getting up and walking and and something said she come held her back and she says, "No, no. If something tells me to go, I'm going to go walk." You know, I wonder sometimes if you don't almost feel like getting up and dancing a little bit, you know, but you won't. I'll look funny. I don't want Don't have a second thought about it. If you're anointed to dance, you don't always have to just be, you know, dance for the Lord. Why? Because the Bible says dance to him, praise him in the dance, praise him in this way, praise him in that way. Amen. Hallelujah. So David did. So just because listen. So just because we can emotional don't mean we're saved. Amen. Because we go to church don't mean we're saved. Don't believe those enticing. A real spirit of God, a real word of God is the truth of God which is the seed of God will produce God in your life. You'll be godly and saintly and holy. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. You love him this morning. Amen. I'm not trying to go long, but I am trying to try to get out everything that I the Lord laid on my heart to speak. I know. I'm trusting that he was a blessing to you this morning so far that you've enjoyed it. Amen. I know that I have by the grace of God. Amen. God is good. So in closing, I'll go ahead and close. I think the quote that I had was looking for. He says, "So if you want to dance or shout, just make sure that your life lives up to that dance, to that shout." Amen. I believe that's good. Amen. And uh that applies to all of us, every one of us. And we want we want to be pleasing to the Lord Jesus Christ. Now notice what brother Bram says. What hearest thou? It depends on what you're listening for. What hears doubt? It depends on what you're listening for, friend. If you're listening and you hear a great revival somewhere, 10,000 people are gathered, go ahead. He says, listen, but God's not even that God's not into great crowds. That don't make a difference to him. He says the racetrack has that and everything else. Rock and rollers have that. But if you go for anything else, if you're listening for anything else but that still small voice, then get back to the cave. Go back under that juniper tree until you can prepare. Amen. Hold yourself quiet and wait. Amen. Let the thunders go by. Let the earthquakes go by. Let the rushing winds go by, the fire go by, whatever it will. Amen. I think of that song. Teach me Lord to wait while hearts are a flame. How many believes you are to wait on the Lord? Amen. To pray. Sometimes somebody will be just on fire. Amen. Another person will get on fire. Amen. And you wish you was. I wish I was on fire like that. What do you do? Just go in your closet and wait upon the Lord. Talk to him about it and let him speak back to you. Amen. And that fire will begin to burn in you. Amen. But wait upon the Lord. Don't do anything just in a halfway way. He says we've heard many voices. There is so much that that'll say come over here to this church and and if you'll join our church, we'll we have the best group in the city, the best dress, the mayor of city and many people's in their meetings. Lord, have governors and so forth come out with many speeches. Lord, keep it from me. He says, Lord, hide me in a cave and let me wait on you. What do I care what the governor says? I want to hear that still small voice of my savior. Oh, help me to wait, Lord, to renew my strength as I wait on you. And help this church, Lord, that they shall wait upon you and renew their faith. Renew their strength. Mount up with wings like eagles. Amen. May they be listening, Lord, tonight. He says, not for noise, not for a shout, but for the listening of that still small voice. One thing I remember I wanted to write down and didn't and that is if you really want to see evening light tabernacle grow in the power of almighty God find that prayer closet have that that that quiet time that place in the garden alone. I mean believe that that's really where we get our strength is when we're alone with God somewhere. Amen. And then you'll see the power of God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. God is good, isn't he? Everything decently and in order. and seeing our children grow in Christ and have that same foundation, having that same real experience with God in the heart that when troubles come, when trials come, heartaches come, even death, Brother Abraham says, you need that anchor that holds. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. We'll just turn the order to service. Amen. How many is very thankful that we can observe communion? We like to do that once a month by the help of the Lord to remember what he did. Amen. And the fact that you are standing where you are. You have the peace in your heart like you have you have joy unspeakable in your heart because of what he did on Calvary for you. Amen. Let's bow our heads. I wonder this morning if anybody if you could say, "Let me just test you a little bit with our eyes closed. I want to test you a little bit. And I want to ask you when the last time that the Holy Spirit really spoke something to your heart." Really spoke something to your heart. You should be able to say last week, maybe this morning, maybe yesterday. But remember, he wants to speak to you. And you realize that he can speak through you to you when you're reading his word. He can speak to you when the preacher is preaching. Hopefully, it happened this morning that God spoke through my voice and you heard his voice even now. But I'm thinking something special. I know he does that for me when I'm working and and I'll ask him to help me for things to go good and I'll pick up a board and I need to make a cut and that board will be exactly the size I need. I'm like, "Thank you, Lord." That's how I like to for it to go. I like to go good. The Lord is with you wherever you are, whatever you're doing. And if you don't have that relationship with the Lord this morning, you want a deeper relationship with the Lord this morning, would you raise your hand, say, "God, help me go to that depth, that love, that depth that really holds me in every circumstance. I want to shout. I want to praise God." We need to worship God in that way. We sure don't want to be cold and stiff and starchy, but we don't make that our anchor. We don't make that our religion or our symbol that we've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost or that we're saved. That is our expression of our love back to him. We are not as the Pentecostals were and as brother Brandham said that it didn't do them a bit of good and that it wasn't any good. God wasn't in it because they rejected Christ ultimately. We don't do that. We accept the Lord Jesus. We receive him and we worship him in that way and we'd never stop doing it that way. But we want that deep walk that when you come to the hardships and trials, when troubles come, that you'll be able to commit yourself to Christ, that you can lean on God in every aspect of your life, and that you can be pleasing, and that your neighbors and will see Christ. They will see that reflection of that deep walk that you have. That person has been in the prayer closet. They have heard that still small voice. That is a real Christian right there. I asked something of him the other day and he didn't have any problem giving or helping me out. I was in trouble or I was really down or and that person lifted me up, encouraged me and strengthened me. Maybe somebody would have fallen. know I'm just come short of the glory of God. Well, get back up. Encourage him. Don't just condemn him for things. Lord, help us that others could see the reflection of Jesus in our life, Lord. That's what we want most of all, Father. And the prophet of God said, "Then you can have all the shouting and all that you want as long as that's there." And we love you, Lord Jesus, this morning. We want to tell you that. And we raise our hands to you saying, "God, give us all a deeper walk, Lord Jesus. We want to walk where Enoch walked. We want every one of our children, I want as a pastor, I want everybody here to be walking in the place that they are ready, that they could say, "I'm ready to go." As I asked my son the other day and we was speaking, Lord Jesus, of somebody that perhaps wasn't ready. And he makes a statement that I really loved. He says, "If I died now, I would be ready to go. I would go to glory." I said, "I was love to hear that coming from my son. That means so much, Lord. That's what I want for each one here, God. That if they would die today, they could say, "I'll be in the presence of God, in just a short little while." Father, we want to be ready for your rapture. We have no time to play church. We We're past that, Lord Jesus. We don't have to be told that anymore. We're not playing church anymore. Not taking it lightly, Lord. Now move, Father, on every heart. Come down, Lord Jesus. Now, Father, as the hands are raised, go down through their fingers, go down through their arms, go down through their into their heart, Lord, and fill that little place, Lord Jesus. If it's empty, God, I ask you'll fill it right now. Every man, woman, and child in here, we believe your word. We receive your word into our hearts just now. We receive your spirit in its fullness. Let us go from here a changed people now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
