################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 7/13/25 • Sun. • The Power of the Mind Pt2 - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 7/13/25 • Sun. • The Power of the Mind Pt2
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvOnvdm4PeQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning. Uh the children can be dismissed for Sunday school. uh before we open up in prayer, my father-in-law went for the his scan Friday and uh you know, he had prostate cancer, so they wanted to do a scan to make sure that his uh cancer didn't spread. So, we're just going to trust and pray when he goes Tuesday that not only that it wouldn't spread, but they wouldn't be able to find any cancer whatsoever. Uh brother Matt Lingley, would you take that before the church and then open up a prayer, please? Yeah, we all can stand. Sorry. Lord attack us all situ. Amen. If we would, we'll turn to Psalms 34. I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. Oh, magnify the Lord with me and let us all exalt his name together. They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him and deliver them. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no want to them that fear him. Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. from speaking guile. The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous and his ears are open unto their cry. The righteous cry, and the Lord heareth, and deliver them out of all their troubles. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all. Evil evil shall slay the wicked, and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. The Lord redeemth the soul of his servants, and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate. Brother Brian Morning, brothers and sisters. I hope you all feel good this morning. I was just wanted to re read that one verse there. You know, it says, and I was reading some of those quotes that were on the back wall as we were waiting for service to start. You know, we were mentioning Brother Wallace, but I know there's several people in this congregation that need a touch from the Lord also. And this verse right here, taste and see that the Lord is good. Taste and see. Well, you have that opportunity this morning. it. You know, the quotes were talking about a God that has flesh on it, a God that you can touch every day of your life, every minute, every second of your life. You don't have to be hindered. He's there for you this morning. And it says, "Taste the Lord and see that the Lord is good and blessed is the man that trust in him." And I was just reading some of them quotes this morning. if you would turn with me to uh John the the epistle of John 1 John and the fifth verse, but I was wanting to read something. I was going to, you know, I can say something here. I'm not afraid to say it. You know, you can come up here for 30 years and you can, it's like you start new every time you come up here. You know, you can you can pray, you can read God's word, but if he doesn't quicken it to your heart and to your spirit, sometimes you just don't you have to walk out in faith. But I was reading um I hope I got the right one here this morning. Yeah, this is the right one. Uh the uh devotional yesterday in the spoken word on their application. I was reading it and I was listening to that message and the really the thing that struck me the out of the theme that I took and I can only speak for myself from the message is he was talking to the congregation and I was just thinking that was I wasn't even born yet when he was talking to the congregation you know that was 66 years ago and he was talking about a consecration that the church needed and that was 66 years ago and I'm thinking in the here 2025. Where should we be this morning? How consecrated should we be as believers this morning to the purpose of Jesus Christ? And I'll just read what he brother Brandham had to say. Uh this is the quote. I'm sure some of you've already read it this morning. And this was um this is Yeah, I was one revelation on the sacred sand. This is uh in the message who is this and I listened to this message a couple of times and like I said he was talking about a consecration that the believer should have and we should have that every day where we're putting everything aside to embrace the cross and be closer to Jesus Christ. You know, I as I read the Psalms and, you know, I read the word of God, read the message, God's really asking us to put our whole trust and confidence in him. Uh, you have to live your life every day. I mean, we all have our situations in life, but you should never let your situations put you in a place where you can't fellowship with the living God. You know, sometimes you can let yourself get so burdened but down by whether it's a physical or whether it's a mental thing that you're just not worshiping the Lord the way he needs to be worshiped. You just got to cast it all down and reach out to the cross. And I was let me just I keep I can't every time I start reading it something now one revelation on the sacred sand one time upon the place men can never be the same. So basically once you meet him you can ever be a a man before he should call himself a Christian before he can identify himself he should first have that backside of the desert experience and that's what we all need this morning and not just one time it should be something we're seeing every day in our lives where God is shaving more and more off of us that become more like him and he and I lost my place again before he can identify himself he should first have that backside of the desert experience where he met God face to face. And I hope everyone here this morning has had that experience where you know that you know that God is alive and that he's in your soul, hot and spirit this morning. Forgive the New York accent there. Today you can have any kind of an answer. You can see the Lord perform exactly what he said he would do and smart theologians will explain it away. And that's where we're at this morning. You know, it's so easy to let the world explain away the the the goodness of God. So, you got to be careful what you pay attention to, what you allow to inhabit your soul and spirit. And he goes on there was that was for another day. Well, you hear that every day. It was for this or was for another age or it was wrong. Like I said, Jesus, he is Beloved, the devil. He's a fortune teller. all these things they have an answer. Well, they say the same thing today about this message, but you just disregard it. If you, like I said, if you know that you know God has testified to your heart and spirit that this is the truth for the hour, what do you care what people think about you? Not to say that you want that you're not concerned. You want you don't want to turn your friends away or your family away, but in the end, God's the only thing that matters. I you know as a young man I can I can remember talking to my family as a young man you know not having a family that was ever raised in the message you know there's a period of time when your family will fight against you when you receive the word of God in the message and as I've noticed as life goes on you know they start coming back your way after a while. So you just have to love them. You just got to be close to them and just don't let what they think affect you. And he goes on to say, like I said, Jesus, he's I've lost my but when this man ever came in contact with Christ and seeing him as Paul did and experience him, there's not enough theologians in the world to be able to explain away that experience from a man. And brother Brandham, I'll just finish this quote. And and that's the reason today they don't have the experience. See, it's easy for men and people to want to take education over a revelation or take some type of physical evidence over a real st a real experience in Jesus Christ. And I lost my place against see him as Paul did experience him. There's not enough theologians in the world to be able to explain away that experience away from a man. And I hope that's where everyone is this morning. no matter what they say to you out in the world, what your family says to you, whatever that you know that you know that they can't reason it away from you anymore. And he goes on to say that's the reason today that they don't have an experience. That the reason they can't say they all saying who is this, what is this? Where does it come from? They don't have the answer. Why? Because all they know is theology. some church was made has made not to know theology as life, not to know the Bible as life, but to know him as life. But if you know him, his word testifies to the life of Jesus Christ in it. There you have to have them both together. And he go to know him as your personal savior, as the one who's filled you with his presence. You were there when it happened. There's nobody can take it away from you. And that's where we're at this morning. You either embrace the cross and the word of God and the message of the hour, you'll find yourself walking away from it someday. You got to draw closer to it or you'll find yourself getting further. There's no in between anymore. You either get closer or you're going to get further away. And it goes on. You were when it happened. There's nobody can take it away from you. There's no one that can explain it away for you. When that experience happens to you, you know who he is to me. He is Christ Jesus the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I'll just go finish with this thought. And in the in today's devotional, brother Brandham was I'm not going to read that quote. I don't want to take all that time. But he was two things. You have to have an experience. And that experience should bring the love of Christ in your heart and life. You'll always deal with people in love, not in hatred, not in anger. Not to say we don't make mistakes, but the love of God will want you to be at peace with your neighbor, be at peace with your brother and sister. So, I'll just jump here if I didn't lose my place here and lose paper here all over the place. This is the longest I've been quiet up here in a long time. I'm just one of them people. Once I get going, I have a hard time stopping. But I'll just read uh if I read the whole chapter, you'll have to forgive me. But it really speaks to where we need to be. When I feel led to stop, I'll stop. But it really struck me this morning. I was also thinking sitting there this morning. There's two type of people in the world this morning. And I was thinking of the footprints of the sand of time. There's two type of people in that experience. I want to be that person where I see God has carried me through my troubles and my circumstances where I haven't carried I I've got to be honest. I I'm a man. I know who I am. I'm one of them guys that I will run into a wall for a hund times before I ask God to open the door. I know who I am. But I don't want to be that guy. I want to be the guy that looks to the Lord and ask him to open the door and not get frustrated and keep slamming into the door realizing that all you have to do is ask for God's help. I'll just and then about that experience there's always God's always going to carry you over those circumstances and then when your time and your life is over you're going to realize how much God was actually in your life. how many circumstances without even realizing he was pushing you forward in life. And I'll just read what uh brother John had to say here. Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ, it goes to what the quotes were saying up there this morning. Whosoever that believeth Jesus is the Christ is born of God. Everyone that loveth him begottth loveth him that is begotten of him. And I what strikes me here, if you really have the love of God, everything in you will t testify back to the word of God. You can't have one without the other. By this we know that we have loved the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God that we keep the commandments and his commandments are not grievous. This goes back from all the way back from the 13th to the 17th chapter also of the gospel of John. You can find these same scriptures all the way back there. And whosoever is born of God or overcometh the world, and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith, he who is he that overcomemeth the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God. And this is the same that came by water, blood, and even Jesus Christ, not by water only, but by water and blood. As it is the spirit that beareth witness, because the spirit is truth. For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost. And these three are one. And there are and there are three that bear witness in the earth, the spirit, the water, and the blood. And these three agree on if we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater. And he's talking about if we see what the apostles and all the holy men of God have said about of God. For this is the witness of God. We have testified his son. He that believeth on the son hath the witness in himself. And he that believeth not that God made him a liar because he believeth not the record that God gave his son. And I'll finish there. I don't want to read. But if I had a simple thought for this morning, as we see that I won't say it this way as we as we start every day a new I think that God is calling. I can only speak for myself. It's calling for me as a Christian or as a believer to be more consecrated to the word of God. It's a late hour. We see it's a late hour and we're like I said, as I said earlier, we're going to go two directions. You're either going to get closer or you're going to get further. And the more you play out there in the things of the world and the things that have no no foundation, no meaning, you're going to find yourself waking up one day and you're going to say, "I ran after the wrong thing." I want to wake up one day and know that I followed the right thing. Brother Josh, is it good to be here this morning? Amen. Just want to say a quick welcome to all our visitors. Some I know, some I don't, but it's good to have you here. We just feel welcome this morning. Amen. Let's sing that song. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless the Lord. Give F this morning. Amen. That's what we're here to do. Just bless his name. With my hands lifted up. Oh, and my mouth filled with praise. And with a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. Oh, with my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise with a heart of thanksgiving. [Music] I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. With my hands lifted up and my mouth filled with praise and with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Amen. It was a great thing that he did for me. The Lord has brought me through all of my trials. And when I fail him, he didn't cast me away. He stood right by me. Through all of my troubles. When I was lost, he didn't let me go astray. He took my sins [Music] and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. My Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary and so the whole wide world could see it was a great thing that he did for me. And he's been my doctor. He's been my lawyer. He's never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comforter. When I was lonely and when I was lost, my Jesus took me in. And he took my sin and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up. and he made me whole. Oh my Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing when he set me free. And Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing. Let's sing that second verse one more time. Oh yes, he's been my doctor and he's been my lawyer. He's never left me. He's been my friend. [Music] He's been my comforter. When I was lonely. When I was lost, my Jesus took me in. He took my sin and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Oh my Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. Yes, it was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world could see. It was a great thing that he did for me. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Lord, we thank you for what you've done for us this morning. I thank you, Lord, for opening our eyes this morning. Amen. Let's sing. Who I am, Lord, who I am. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. And he made my heart [Music] his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live [Music] to praise his name. [Music] Oh who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior. I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. And on Calvary he died to redeem his lost bride. The King of Kings became my Savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. [Music] I can see now who I am. I'm a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation [Music] of who? Let's sing that second verse one more time. For on Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride, the King of Kings. He became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am, who I can't see now. Oh, I'm a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation [Music] of who I am. Amen. Can we sing? Let the worshippers arise this morning. Amen. Brother Brad sent me a a verse that we're going to try this morning. I think I said brother Tim Puit wrote the Yeah, brother Tim Puit wrote some extra verses to this song and it's really a blessing. Says, "Father, I see a bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believing what she speaks. Every weapon formed against her has fallen at her feet. Oh, hear her praise. The King of Kings." Amen. So, let's just sing this morning. Give the Lord praise and worship. Walking in victory this morning. Oh father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. Oh, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer and this is my plea. Let the worshipers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. And father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening. The sing from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] And father I see a bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believing what she speaks. Every weapon formed against her has fallen at her feet. Oh hear the praise the king of kings. Let the worippers arise. Oh let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] Oh, I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I'm surrender to the king. Let's sing that third verse one more time. Father, I see a bride in power. When Father, I see a bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believing what she speaks. Every weapon formed against her has fallen at her feet. Oh, hear her praise. [Music] The King of Kings, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the King. Amen. We worship your name this morning, Lord Jesus. Amen. Are you walking in victory this morning? Amen. Before we go to prayer, let's sing, "Blessed be the Lord God Almighty." Amen. If you have a need on your heart, Amen. He's here to meet your need this morning. And let's just sing this for a prayer. Father in heaven, we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises. as your people declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more and father of mercy be exalted. May Jesus name be lifted high before his sacrifice of love has won my pardon and his resurrection power gives me life. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty [Music] who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord, God Almighty, who reigns forever more. [Music] Amen. You may be seated this morning as we go to prayer. Amen. Just wonderful atmosphere here this morning. We just have one written prayer request, excuse me, from Sister Becky. We want to remember sister Laura, Sarah, and Tori. They're not feeling well this morning, and they'll be streaming. Amen. Brother Danny, brother Michael John, and brother Glenn, if you'd come for the offering this morning. [Music] Amen. Brother John Wade, if you just stand and take us for the Lord this morning. Brother Matt, did you have a song for us this morning? Okay. Amen. As he comes from prayers, listening, I'm amazed that you love me this morning. Oh, I'm amazed [Music] that you love me. Bless you. Good to see you. How you care [Music] through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. [Music] Amen. So, if everybody take your book, well, you probably got the words, I would not be denied. And uh the songs we've been singing this morning have been awesome leading right up to this. Goes right along with it. So, when we sing this song, we're not just singing an old hymn that some dude wrote a long time ago, right? So, if he was anointed by the Holy Spirit to write this, these words are for us even today. And if we're God's children, we have God's seed in us. And that's why when we're going through things, it's not like, I don't like what's going on. I don't like the trial, so I'm going to say some words and just say, I refuse to submit. Like the world pushes this whole thing. Just rise up and you can be whatever you want to be. Well, that's missing the revelation of who you are. That's the most they can do because they're not God's seed. But if you're God's seed, you can't be denied. And no matter what's going on in your life, there's just something that just can't accept it. So anyway, let's just sing a song and let's just enjoy worshiping Jesus about it. I've got no clue what I'm singing in. U excuse me. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Yes, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be denied. Now Jacob in the days of old I wrestled with the Lord. Oh, but in an instant we will a courage b I stood upon his word. Yes, I would not be denied. Yes, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. No, Satan said that my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. His work is done and Christ my Lord is here. Yes, I would not be denied. Yes, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Stand up. Let's sing that again. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Let's sing that third verse again. Now old Satan said, "My Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer." Don't he say that? But praise the Lord for the work is done and Christ my Lord is here. Yes, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Yes, I would not be I would not be denied until Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. We appreciate that, brother Matt. Thank you so much. Amen. We're just going to turn the service right over, brother, at this point. And Amen. Let's just sing that song as an anthem. Let's just sing it again as he comes morning. Just have it on our lips. I would not be denied. And let's just press into the kingdom this morning. Amen. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Lord Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. I praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord is here and I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied until Jesus came and he made me would not be [Music] morning. All right, I've got it on now. Amen. So, praise. Good to see everybody. Amen. God is good. We certainly enjoyed yesterday. I guess you get to fellowship one with another. Amen. I thought, you know, I believe that the believer ought to love one another enough so much that if it came down to it, we'd die for one another. Ain't that right? Amen. And that's how much love I believe that we ought to have one for another. Amen. So I greet you in the name of the Lord. Let's just bow our heads, play something softly while we pray, Sister Becky, our precious Lord and Savior, as we come before you this morning, Lord. Father, knowing Lord Jesus that we can't do anything in ourselves and we certain not relying on ourselves. We're relying on your spirit Lord this morning to come Lord Jesus and speak to hearts this morning, Father. Lord, you know how to touch hearts. You know how to touch lives, Father. And you know what's beneath every heart this morning, Lord, and every need that's represented this morning, Father. And so we come humbly before you, Lord, thanking Lord for the opportunity to be able to come together with your children, Lord, and to minister to the blood bought of your blood, Lord Jesus. Those who you have purchased, Lord, with your own blood, Father. And we ask, God, that you'd help us to say something that would bless, that would be a blessing, would benefit, Lord Jesus, and draw us all closer to you, Lord Jesus. We just want to tell you that we love you, Lord. And we ask, God, that you'd just be with those streaming today, Lord, wherever they are, Father, and bless them, Lord Jesus, with a walk with you and the healing and anything they have need of also, Father, it's for them, Lord. And Lord, it's just a real honor to be able to minister your word this morning. So, be with us now. we ask in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you will turn your Bibles, we'll just get right into the word. Amen. Once again, we want to try not to get in too much of a hurry. Amen. I know that I've been pretty busy here the last few days and didn't know just what I was going to speak on. Amen. most of the day yesterday, but the entire evening I just felt like the Lord laid on my heart. Amen. To which kind of which direction to go and so uh we want to just kind of continue on with where we were. Amen. What we had started with Wednesday. We certainly didn't get done with that, but Amen. There's of course no ending to it, but there's just some other things that I thought that you may enjoy. Amen. I I certainly do. How many's glad for uh stored up food in spiritual food in due season? Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Well, we'll tell you a story here in a minute. How better how dedic. Amen. If you will turn your Bibles, we'll go to the book of Philippians 2. Philippians 2. we do have a couple baptisms this morning. And I thought, well, how long are you going to go before you do that? You know, and there you're already trying to programming the Holy Ghost. And I thought another thought come says, you know, you got to just go as long as as you feel led to go. Amen. However long it is, because we always in our mind put a time frame on it. I don't believe Paul put a time frame on it when he went half the night and people fell out of the balcony and died and everything else. Amen. And so, you know, we just don't need to limit God. Amen. And so, praise the Lord. Amen. Philippians 2 verse one. If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any bowels of mercies, fulfill ye my joy. Amen. That ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind. Amen. Amen. How many knows we're speaking on the power of the mind? The power of the mind. What a powerful thing it is. And then and uh Amen. Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory, but in loneliness of mind. Let each esteem other better than themselves. Amen. Look not every man to his own things, but every man also on the things of others. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took on upon him the form of his servant, and was made in the likeness of men. Amen. And being found in the fashion of a man, he humbled himself and became even obedient even unto death, even the death of the cross. May God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated this morning. Now this morning as I begin to think about this, the Bible says that we're supposed to have the mind of Christ. And one thing I didn't get to and I wanted to say Wednesday was was that in every situation that you have, no matter what comes up, Amen. How many believes you should always seek the mind of Christ? Ain't that right? If we can do that, we'll be a lot better off. If you can find the mind of Christ in whatever comes your way, Amen. You'll do all right. Because Amen. Because there's two there's there's there's really two minds. You've got two minds. That's heavy right there, isn't it? Amen. All right. Well, that's right. Because Paul said, "For to be carnally minded is death." Is that right? But to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Amen. Because the carnal mind is emnity against God. It is not subject to God and neither in to the law of God and neither indeed can be. In other words, you just can't take your natural way of thinking. Amen. And think the thoughts of God. It's not subject to the laws of God. It says you've got to have a different mind. Amen. Wasn't it said, you know, say, "Well, they say that you've lost your mind." Yeah, that's right. Praise the Lord. And I got the mind of Christ. Amen. I might have lost my mind, but I'll tell you what, leave me alone. I'm happier this way than I was the other way. How much is happier this way with the spiritual mind than what you had with God? Brother Bam said in and I didn't not going to read read all the quotes of Wednesday, but he says your mind that battle the battle. Amen. The frontline battle of the whole warfare is is in your mind. That's the front line. That's where it all starts at what you let in. Ain't that right? But the thoughts that you allow to become, you know, I don't care the serial killers and all of them. They let certain thoughts take control of them and that's why they became serial killers. Amen. Hitler, he became what he did because of the thoughts that he allowed to come in and the prejudice and so forth that he had against the Jews. Isn't it something how that he hated the Jews and then he conveyed it to his generals and to the whole nation. Amen. So our mind is a very very important part of us. Amen. Very powerful thing. Amen. I say powerful. You may well we know that the whole power of the Holy Ghost is more powerful than the mind and everything else. But when you think about how that everything you become, everything that you are starts here. So it's very important what you let in. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to just start with saying this. Brother Brandon was praying. He says, "Lord, I am grateful to be living in this day because this is the greatest day." He talks about, he says, "Paul the apostle long to see this day." Great men of old, the saints of all the ages long to see this day. I believe brother Bannon said one place if God would have asked him, "What age do you want to be in? Where do you want to live? And what age do you want to live?" He said, "I don't want it to live right here. [Laughter] Woo. How many know we don't realize it? You don't realize time. We let the wy wsy woos get up the better of us. And we don't realize that you're living in the best time of all of Christianity. You're living in the best hour. This is the best time to be a Christian. This is the greatest time to be a Christian of all the ages. Amen. I was thinking about this earlier. I thought about brother Tommy and and different ones of us and a lot of us maybe that are just a little bit uh over the top so to speak, you know, and I truly do believe, brother Tommy, that if we'd have been back there, if we'd have been in Paul's age, if we'd have been in that sacrificial age, the age of the ox. Hello. I don't been ashamed. We'd have come out in that arena. He says, "Where is that lion at?" Come on, do your best cuz you ain't afraid of because God gave them that. They did it with gratefulness and parents and mom and dad taught their children don't you whine, don't you cry. Hello. You go to your Amen. We're a Christian and we don't bow to the devil. To tell your own Christian and then to die with them and gather your children together. Amen. We're going to give our lives today. But we're grateful you ain't got to do that. Hallelujah. No, we're living in an hour at the coming of the Lord. We're living an hour. Hello. How many knows? We're living in the brightest day that there is spiritually since the time of Jesus himself and Paul while he was here on the earth. Amen. It shall be light in the evening time. Amen. The gross darkness is going to be upon the people, but rise and shine for your light has come. You have been given everything that you have need of, man. And you and I have now given a whole storehouse. We have got a full seven course meal. We've got the message of the hour. God, help us to grasp what that message really is. Amen. When we talk about it's food that's stored up. It's a seed that's sown. But the B says three seeds were sown. Billy Graham, all Robertson, he says, "And the word has been sown and the rain is going to come." Amen. Sooner or later, the rain is going to come. But the Bible says every seed has its season. So I don't know matter how much you want the rapture to come and and happen, it's not going to happen till it's the right time. Amen. All right. Well, y'all, a wonderful crowd. Amen. I'm proud of this church. Amen. The way that you pull, the way you love the Lord. Amen. Thus saith the spirit, you're not babies anymore, but Joe, you're not babies anymore. We're not babies anymore. We're grown. Amen. Amen. Praise be to God. I don't say that there's different people maybe in different brackets, but for at this church as a whole, man, we've got people here that are grown. Amen. and that are not babies anymore. I'm thankful for that. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, I thought that was good. Brother Abraham said he'd want to live right in this hour. Amen. So, I that's my vote this morning. Lord, if you'd ask me, when do you want to be? I'd say I don't want to be right here because this is when you want me to be here. Amen. How many believe God put you here at this time, he's going to put you something in you to overcome in this hour? How many glad to be overcomers? Amen. I'm not here to tell you that you ain't going to overcome. Amen. And you're going to have problems after problems. I'm here to tell you you're more than able to overcome. You can live a life of victory. You can have the thrill of victory in your life. If you don't, it's still too much of yourself in there. If you don't, it's still too much of yourself in there. If you don't instill too much of yourself in there, we need to understand that. Don't blame God. Got to blame oursel. It's your own fault. Amen. With the help of the Lord, I want to talk to you about not just this. This How many knows that the the food that we eat becomes weapons? It becomes a weapon against germs and disease. Isn't that right? The doctor will tell you now you can eat this and this and this. Don't eat this, that, and the other. Amen. You become malnutritioned. Ain't that right? Then disease sets in. But if you're a good healthy plant, like brother Bam says, you get plenty of water, you get plenty of vitamins, it'll keep the bugs off. Amen. Our food becomes a weapon against the devil. And how many believes that the food that we eat, it's richer than Luther's, richer than Wesley's, richer than Pentecost. Ain't never been rich food like this. [Applause] Let your soul delight itself in fatness. Amen. A smile to come over across your face. That's right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Benham, once again, I want to repeat it. He says, "You're not feeding on a man. You're not feeding on a man. and man, his words will fail. But you're feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of God. How many believes that this is God? And when you feed on God, guess what? You're going to get the life of God. It's going to change you. It's going to make you like God. God speed today that sons and daughters of God will be sons and daughters of God and realize they are. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You're not feeding on just anything. You're feeding on the body word. Jesus says, "Unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no life in you." Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Bam says, "No wonder Elijah laid his body upon a dead baby that'd come to life." He says it was God in that man. He says he was anointed and every prophet of the Old Testament was anointed with the Holy Ghost. They were they were lesser lights. He was the fullness of God being Messiah. Amen. They was messiahs then smaller messiahs. Good morning Miss Messiah. Good morning Miss Messiah. How many believes you're a messiah? That's right. I'm looking at messiahs. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. Smaller messiahs. For they were anointed with the same spirit that he was anointed with. Only he had it in fullness. And every man today that's received the baptism of the Holy Ghost is anointed with that same spirit that Jesus of Nazareth was. They went about doing good and healing the sick. Oh my, that makes me feel good to know that he lives today. See, there's something about a man or a woman. He was made to be a god. Didn't he say, Adam, you were supposed to have dominion over all the earth? A dominion. He was supposed to be have dominion. He was supposed to be a ruler. God is the God of heaven. Adam was supposed to be the God of the earth, a ruler. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. So, listen. That's right. He was his purpose here on earth was to be a God to have a dominion over everything in the earth. Oh my. Don't let that stagger you. He says, "I got more scriptures wrote down on that here." The other night I saw a telecast of a man. He says with psychic mental faith, he says, "Set a glass of water and stood back and kept concentrating on that glass of water till it bursted just by concentration." Amen. But Abraham said to a woman one time, "If you've got if you've got real faith, then make that certain thing go round and round. Stop it and then go around the other way and go sideways. If you really have faith, you can do it. I thought about bringing a little dingling up jingling up here. Right. And tell you, I can make that thing spin. I can take that thing and I can make it spin with my mind. That's right. With a little help with my finger, cuz my mind tells my finger to spin it. That's about the only way I know of. That's about how much faith I got in the power of my mind. But how many knows if you if I was inspired of God, I don't care what it was. That's a whole different story cuz that's what I'm relying on. I'm not trying relying on my own power like perhaps this man was. But we rely upon the power of God. Hallelujah. Amen. God is good. That's right. That's what we were. Amen. So listen. So he That's right. He broke it just by concentration. Watching that glass of water and that glass cracked and the water ran out just pure memo concentration. Why? That's his fibers. That's his makeup. Oh my. If he's got a power in him by mental thinking that can break glass of wa a glass of water and him being a sinner, it shows that there's something made in the man. He's fallen perverted condition. But if that man can only get back to God and let God into him, why that power turned loose in the kingdom of God? What could he do? Amen. Let a man with that faith in that conductor of the word of God. Let that come and he can raise the dead. He can cleanse lepers, cast out devils. Amen. Because he's fashioned like a god. How many believes he can say stun stand still moon say where you are and then obey him if he's connected to a conductor. Now brother Ram said this man he was just like it was like let me see he said he just splattered this guy he just was like a shotgun he didn't have a conductor he just splattered it every way. Amen. But if that man's spirit could ever get converted and put Christ in there where he's a conductor. Amen. So you see folks, how many believes that's what we're working on? Saying, "Lord, help us to be a conductor." Amen. To get it in our mind so that God can have the preeminence. Paul said, "For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." Yes, sir. Amen. In other words, those machine gun nests, that right, of Germany, concreted, forfeited uh concrete reinforced places where they just can't get in and they got to fight their way up there and throw a grenade in or whatever it takes, place of fortification, pulling down of strongholds. You see, he said casting down imagination. Reasoning. That's what God wants us to do. Cast down imagin, cast down reasoning. How much better the devil would have been before he become the devil when he was in heaven, an angel, if he' throwed those thoughts out. Well, I want to be like the most high. I want a little pride, too. I'm somebody. How much better off he'd have be today if he'd just shove their thoughts out. How much better off we'd have been this morning if Eve would have just not listened to that one word. Thou shalt surely die. Thou shalt not surely die. Just the not. If she'd have just had, Amen. had protected herself against that. What a different world we'd be living in. Adam would have went on and spoke the seed into her and we'd have been come the way that God meant for us to come by the spoken word seed. How many knows that's how we were supposed to come by him speaking it and so forth. But now we come through sexual desire, born the wrong way and we got to do it again. Unfortunately, we have to be born again. Amen. Why? Because we didn't get born the right first time. That's why we got to do it again. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Born by what? Born by the word of God. That's right. Casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God. How many knows that he said he would exalt his throne above the stars of God. I will be like the most high. Abraham said when man went for the reasonings of man, he said they exalted the devil to where he wanted to be. In other words, the stars of God are the messengers of God. Amen. And whatever they say, they want to come. He the devil wants to come against that because if he can get you to believe something different than what his stars brings, well, he just exalted himself. Amen. And we're cast to cast everything down that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. I believe right there a lot of us ought to have some times of jubilee. Maybe the devil tempts you with a thought or this that or the other and you shrug it off. You say, "Woo, thank you Lord Jesus. I just captiv I just captivated that thing and cast it out. And I've got victory because I didn't let it come into my mind. I'll tell you what, a brother did me wrong, a sister did me wrong, and I just wanted to get mad. I just wanted to be angry, but guess I cast it out and I didn't let that fester in my life for weeks on end. Praise the Lord. You ought to be happy. And that's what God is, Paul was telling us. Bringing every thought captive to the word of God. Praise the Lord. But Abraham says, "Man, he's made up to have great faith." Brothers, sisters, God made you and he wants you to have great faith. How many is open? How many comes with an open mind this morning? My mind is open, Lord. I want to have great faith because that's what you made me for. Mustard seed faith. Amen. Not just mental faith, but mustard seed faith. Mustard seed does not mix with anything. You can't mix your conscience, your path. Amen. When the devil brings up your past and oh, I don't know if I don't. No, it don't mix. God said so. That settles it. I believe it. That's the way it is. Don't mix with nothing. It don't mix with doubt. It don't mix with your symptoms. It don't mix with how you feel. No, it don't mix with anything. It says God's word is true. Amen. It believes it and brings it to pass. Let me talk about the power of the mind for a minute. A chaplain told me some time ago in the army that he was called into a tent one night. A great officer had been machine gunned across his chest one place he said and bullets cut through him. He was dying, bleeding out and someone had told him to go over there and he said to the man, "Sir, are you a Christian?" He said, "I once was." He says, "How long how long have you been backsliden?" Said, "Well, I don't know." He said, "You once knew Christ." "Yes, sir." Said, "Where did you leave?" And he was struggling in the blood filling up in his lungs. And he says, "You better think fast." Can you imagine? The preacher come when you're dying. He says, "Where did you leave him?" And tell you to think quick. Use that mind of yours and begin to think quick. Where did you leave him? Let me think. Let me think. Nothing can be done for you. You better hurry. You better think quick. He was struggling. Blood filling up his lungs. He says, "You better think fast." And he said, "What can I do?" Uh he said, "What can I do?" And he said, "Go back to where you left him and begin right there." Amen. That's where you'll find him. It's where you left him. Oh, church. Anybody backslid this morning, go back and look at where you left him. Amen. You better begin to think. Think about where you left him, cuz that's where you'll find. I'm here to tell you, there's people that won't do that. They just want to leave the past behind. They think, "Well, just forget all of that, you know." No. God says, "Go back where you left him because I ain't just going to smooth things over. You're going to have to make it right. You're going to have to get right. And you needed to start where you left off. Amen. That's right. Go back. Think about where you left him and he laid there a few moments as he was struggling and a smile come across his face and he says, "Now I remember." He said, "Start right there, sir." The chaplain did. Start right there. He says, "Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray thee, Lord, my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take." And when he said that, he lifted his hands and smiled and went to meet God. Amen. Ain't that awesome? Why? That's where he left him. He quit his nightly prayer of going to bed. Quit praying. That's where he left him. And he began to repeat that prayer. Now I lay me down to sleep. How many believes Jesus Christ came and he did the work just like that cuz he had a smile on his face. He was happy and went to meet the Lord. Amen. How many is glad for the grace of God, for the mercy of God? Amen. And this thought I remembered brother Bram saying something like that in Ephesians the Ephesus church. Remember it says remember where thou has fallen from. Ain't that right? He said evidently something had left their minds. They had forgotten something. He told them to turn back in their minds to their point of origin. The origin of the first age was Pentecost and they had fallen from it. They had forgotten the glory and the wonder of it and it was time to go back in mind and then in reality I've got another quote here somewhere where brother Bram mentions that. Amen. Where people that have lost have gotten away from their first love. How many believes we need to have that first love? Don't lose that first love. Amen. Praise the Lord. Here it is right here in front of me. Remember the message called why? Why do you go to the God of Akaron and all that? Then he says, in other words, he says, ain't there enough joy in the church? Why do you stay home on Wednesday night to watch television? Is there no joy in the church anymore? Nothing in your heart that longs to hear the word of God more than it likes to see we love Lucy or ever what them things are that you stay home for. What's the matter? Amen. How many of us maybe this morning need to say, "God, I have lost that real enthusiasm. I've lost that intimate walk that I had with you at the beginning. How many believe God is here this morning to give you that if you don't have it? That's right. He's here. Oh, this morning's message for Amen. and especially that message on why. Amen. When God had provided everything that we have need of and people didn't receive it, how many believes it's made and it's ready. God is real. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And and he's here. How many believes he's here? You got to believe that he is here and that he has supplied everything that you have made of. He has given us the food that we need to give us strength to fly above all these things, to fly above lukewarmness, mediocracy, and just hum drum along. No. Uh-uh. It's not the way we want to be. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, as I said a while ago, I had a good example that I wanted to give you of something. All right. Where's the top? Here it is. I'm just going to read this quote. Is that okay? I'm I'm I'm hopping and skipping already. If that love of God isn't above everything else, that your heart when them church bell rings, your heart just burns. Amen. Amen. And he says, "Now, we've poured out the medicine this week as hard as I know how to pour it out and just as straight as I know how to bring it." Amen. And if you don't receive it, then God's going to say, "Why?" Someday the Bible's going to be closed on the pulpit. Someday the Bible is going to be closed. On the pulpit. Amen. The preacher's gonna pray his last prayer. The taps will die out from the bugle. The sun will set its last time over the hill. Then God's going to ask you to give a reason. When the ones that rejected the message is going to be asked to give a reason. Amen. How many believes God's going to take those tapes, God's going to take those books, and he's going to ask this generation, "Why didn't you believe this?" I gave you the greatest greatest proof that there was. There was no greater proof. We call it vindication, but it's proof. I mean, you could see it with your own eye. You could see the people walk that were lame, the blind, and everything else. Amen. And he's going to ask this generation, why? Why didn't you receive it? Why did you sit in the pews and not receive it? Listen. Listen to what he says. Like I said, brother Brandham says it best. Listen. And God's going to ask you to give a reason. One of the ones that rejects the message is going to be asked a reason why. What then? What then? I hope this resounds all down through everybody listening. There's going to come a time when God is going to ask for you to give a reason why. Then what are you going to do? You're going to come to this moment to where you're going to say, "Well, man, I sure wish I would have." What then? What are you going to do then? When you're asked the reason, Amen. How many? Amen. When that great book is open, what then? When the ones that rejected this message tonight is going to be asked to give a reason. What then? You've attended this revival. God has done everything that's in the book for you. Proven it. Amen. As long Oh, people's received the Holy Ghost. They've been filled with God's spirit, young and old. They've repented of their sins. They got joy in their heart. Amen. We've seen divine healing take place. People with heart trouble, different diseases healed. We've seen the angel of the Lord come down, go through the building just as he did before the coming of the Lord would be discerning the spirits and things like that. That prophetic utterance went forth. People spoke in tongues, prophesied, and vindicated the word back and forth. You've seen it and said, "Which you choose tonight?" Which you choose tonight. What what are you going to choose tonight? Hollywood or holy heaven? Are we going to choose our own way or are we going to choose God's way? Amen. You're going to be asked to give a reason someday. What then? Amen. Now, let me go turn it just a little bit and I want to read you a story about what we got. the treasure that you and I have. One time there was an old woman here in the country and she was dying. She was starving to death, povertystricken. So somebody turned her into the authorities, the charity, and they went to this woman and they said to her, "We coming to investigate your case. We want to know what's wrong." Said, "Haven't you got no relation?" She says, "Oh, I've got a lovely son." They said, "Where?" He's a businessman. Where's he at? In India. Why? She said, "Is he a businessman?" Yes. So said, "Why didn't he send you something? Why don't he send you something?" Said, "How long has it been has he been over there?" "Oh, about 10 years. He's a very prosperous businessman." Said, "Well, why don't he help you?" Said, "I just can't ask him. I just can't do it." Said, "He's such a sweet boy." And said, "I just can't ask him for it." He says and said, 'I write him letters and he writes me the sweetest letters that any boy could write his mother and tells me how much he loves me but said I just couldn't ask him for it and said well you ought to tell him and said I just can't do it and tell my own son that I'm povertystricken of things and said I just can't do it but he sends me these he sent me the prettiest pictures that I've ever seen [Applause] God sends us the prettiest pictures. He was with me before the foundation of the world. He was always a part of me. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I've got you in the palm of my hand. What the beautiful pictures. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. When I think about the beautiful pictures when I see him hanging on that beautiful picture of him hanging on Calvary, all my debt. Oh, I was so deep in debt. I was up to my neck, over above my nose in debt. You was too. And he paid it all. What a beautiful picture. What a beautiful picture. Jesus paid it all. Amen. And he give you his word. So rich, I'll never leave you. Neither will I forsake you. Everything that's mine is yours. We're joint hes. How many believe you're rich? Amen. God has made you rich. I was poor and he's made you rich. Amen. Amen. He sends me the prettiest pictures that I've ever seen in my life. Said, "Oh, well, what kind of pictures? Let me see these pictures." Where you got them at? Where have you got them? Amen. Oh, pretty little pictures about that big square. Amen. Said, "May I see one?" Said, "Where have you got them?" She said, "Oh, I keep them in my Bible." So, across the floor went the old mom. She picked up the Bible and began to lay them out. Lay them out. And the investigator looked at them. She was a rich woman. She was a rich woman. I believe we got a rich woman here. Amen. God's wife is rich. If we could just grasp that it's not just a pretty picture. It's not just words. Amen. It's life to us. Amen. It's yours. When you're sick, he'll heal you. If you have a need, he knows the fault of us. No. He provides us. He provides you your job. He gives you your home. He gives you your money. He gives you your health. He gives your breath. He gives you everything. Church, you're rich. You're rich in God. He's given you his best. How many believe if God could have done something greater? Amen. That send us Malachi 4 and prove himself. Come and vindicate himself. There's something greater he could have done. He would cuz he wants to catch your attention. He wants you to know that that whatever you have need of that it's already done. It's already done. Not have to try to muster it up. He did it. He paid for it. It's already there. All you have to do is get it. Just go grab that one and go to the bank and buy your food. Whatever you have need of. Whatever you have need of. If you'll have faith this morning, if you'll have faith right now, I don't care what it is, in the next five minutes, you won't be desiring it. You'll have what you want. If you'll just have faith, he's on the throne. He's still on the mercy seat. He hasn't left. He's still there. Cash that check in. Write your name on it. Cash it in right now. You want more of the Holy Ghost? Get more of the Holy Ghost. You want victory in your life? Get it right now. right now. You want more joy? Get more joy. We don't have to go to the God of Beg to get joy. Oh, that's what I wanted to sing. Oh, there's joy in the house of the Lord. There's peace in the house of the Lord. There's salvation in the house of God. There's deliverance in the house of God. Oh, there'll be preaching in the house of the Lord. There'll be singing in the house of the Lord. Is there no joy? Is there no jumping that you got to go to the ball games? Ain't there any screaming in the house of God? You got to go scream about a ball. Amen. Jumping up and down. We ain't got to go out there. Our pleasure not out there. This is where we come to have our fun, to have our pleasure, right here. This is it. This is where we have our joy. This is where we get our medicine. This is where we get our drugs. Woo! This is where we get our opium from the lily that was crushed. The lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, there's joy in the house of the Lord. There's a heavenly atmosphere in the house of the Lord. There's an anointing here in the house of the Lord. Amen. Elijah laid his body on that dead boy in that right way because he was anointed and raised him back up again. Let me tell you something. If there's a sinner in here, the anointing ought to be so heavy that it would cause somebody to be quickened. Amen. And to die to themselves. Amen. And get raised up in newness of life. Amen. God is good. God is good. I don't like to talk too much about myself, but I about my this testimony comes to my mind. I'm going to give a little testimony. Is that all right? Here. About a month ago, brother Brad knew, my wife knew. I felt like I really needed to go to doctor because I had some pains in my gut that was just not normal, not right. And it had me worried. I say worried, but concerned. It wouldn't go away. Wouldn't go away. Amen. Now, I'll be honest with you. I was trying to get a a life insurance policy through before I do because you can't get them afterwards. So, I was trying to get and I'm still waiting. Still waiting. Still got to go in the hospital having no kind of testing, nothing run. But, uh, anyway, I was like, man, I'm just And then yes, I think Friday, last Friday, I called I I I or did I even call? I was fixing to call. Make me in a doctor's appointment. Amen. Just go ahead and go do it. But I know brother Brad prayed for me. My wife prayed for me and I believed. But since last Sunday, since last Sunday, I have not hardly had a pain at all. So just Amen. Feeling good. Praise the Lord. Amen. So I thank God. He's a healer. I tell Don, I don't know what happened, but it must have been the Lord. Must have been him. You don't know how many times that he heals you. Hallelujah. That he heals you. And we don't recognize it. I believe he touched me, brother. Hallelujah. God is good. Amen. I feel good. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. God is good. Thank God for my wife's healing. Amen. Thank God for my wife's healing. Thank God for Sister Sherry's healing. Thank God for Sister Janette's healing. Thank God for everybody's healing. You can all be healed right now. Right now. If you just say, "God, I don't feel good. I've got a knee ache." Whatever your pain is, say, "God, I'm claiming it right now. It's mine. You send me that letter. You send me that beautiful picture. By my stripes, you are healed." How many is glad for his beautiful pictures? He's worthy of praise. People, you want to get healed, just start to praise him. Oh my. I'm going to have to stop long enough to take a swig. I heard brother Megan Bannon make a statement. the sister before she felt anything, knew everything, she began to praise God for it anyway. He commended her for it. He says, "And I believe that's the way it ought to be before you feel it. Before anything happens, we believe him anyway. We're not waiting to feel better, feel right." No, we take him at his word anyway. Amen. Praise the Lord. But it's only 12. I got a few more minutes, don't it? That was at least four hours work right there. I got four left. All right, let's talk about our mind again for a minute. So important. It opens up, Brother Bam says, when you open up your mind and receive the word of God into your heart, it opens up all the flu, your conscience, memory, everything. It opens it up to God and he shuts everything off to the devil. Amen. And you become a real fellowship with God and become a son and daughter of God. So the question that I had was and somebody raise your hand and I'll pick one of you. What did brother Bham say will bring every promise of God to pass? Sit your hand. Right. The right mental attitude. Right. Wow. Every promise of God can be brought to pass if you've got He didn't say spiritual, he said mental. You've got the right mental attitude. How many that's what God is looking for in his people, the right attitude. God hates the wrong attitude. He hates an attitude of non-gratitude. [Applause] I don't care what condition Paul is. I have learned to give God glory in everything. In all things give thanks, and everything give thanks. Have an attitude of attitude. Brother Bam says we always get what we expect. When people expect anything, well then usually they get what they look for. It's the mental attitude that they have. Remember this and never forget the right mental attitude towards any promise of God will bring it to pass. Hallelujah. How many's glad for that? It's the mental attitude that you have. Woo. I'm not going to go down the left the road of the left too far, but it would have been such a different story for Achen if he had had the right attitude and wouldn't allowed that thought to come in. Amen. About getting that wedge of gold and so forth and stealing that thing. Isn't that right? He allowed the wrong thing to come into his mind. Jason and Cart, they wouldn't have been swallowed up by the earth if they' have blocked, if they'd have watched their mind. Don't let the wrong thought come in. Have the right attitude. Amen. I've got several here in the who had the right attitude. The three Hebrew children, Shadrach, Mach, and Abnego. Amen. Those names are forever edged. in eternity. Is that right? Because those guys, they said, "We don't know if God will." Is that right? We don't know if God will. We're believe he will. But there's one thing we know. And that is that we're not going to bow. Even if he does, we're not going to bow. God loves their attitude. We don't know what God's going to do. We've trust him. We know that he can. And we're not going to bow to the devil. Anyhow, we're not going to have doubt. God is more than able. That's the right attitude. Joshua and Caleb, remember? Amen. When those spies came back, the 10 said, "Man, we're likeers. We'll never be able to." Oh, they were, "Oh, man. I'm telling you, why did you bring us here? We're just going to die. They're going to kill us. The sons of Anoch are there." They were, boy, they're way down. They brought a negative report. But Joshua and Caleb, they had the right attitude. This is what are you talking about? Are you completely stark breathing, man? God has delivered you out of the Red Sea, brought you out of Egypt. He's done all these things. He fed you. He watered you. He's more than able. We are more than able. That's what God wants to see out of us. You're more than able. Oh, you'll never make the You'll never make the rapture. You'll never be goodness. Get behind me today, devil. We're more than able to make it, devil. I'm more than able to make it. I'm at least going to open it up. Is that all right? more than able to do it. The attitude that God's looking for. Woman came up to him. Hound at Jesus. Heal my daughter. Heal my daughter. Heal my daughter. He ignored her. Ignored her. Is that right? Kept going on. Get rid of this woman. She kept haing him. Kept haunting him. That's right. And he says, "It's not meat to give the children's bread to dogs." But this is a great lesson. This is a great lesson. For the prophet of God said that not even God could stop her. Not even Jesus could discourage her by calling her a dog. He said, "How many Pentecostals would have busted the doors open getting out of there? Huh? Call me a dog, will you? Acknowledged that what he said was the truth. She acknowledged that what he said was the truth. Yay, Lord. But even the dogs eat the crumbs from the master's table. And God says, "Great is your faith. be it unto you according to your attitude, according to your faith. How many believes that's us this morning? According to your faith, whatever it is, you're only going to have what you get because of your faith. So God, help us to have faith. Whether we see it, whether we feel it, whether we think it, doesn't matter. We believe his word is true. Amen. had it right. Had the right attitude when he got finished talking about squirrels coming into existence and everything else. Ain't that right? It might have sound crazy when you tell people about the possum. To some people that sounds a little crazy. You tell them about the polar bull in the field. You tell them about the hornets. I don't care. That don't sound crazy to me. She said that's nothing but the brother Vanom. Amen. And God loved that. He loved it so much. She said, "You tell her that whatever she wants, she can have." You talk about a open checkbook from thus sayeth the Lord, if he don't get it, I'm a false prophet. Woo. Can you imagine open check whatever she desired? Because she had the right attitude. I want you to know this morning, how many this morning would say, say with me, amen, this message, this message that God has sent us is nothing but the truth. Every bit of it is nothing but truth. Thank you, Lord. She had the right attitude. She had the right word. She said the right thing. We can sure say the wrong thing sometimes, but she said the right thing. And she got the right reward because of it. Praise the Lord. The centurion, Roman centurion, he had the right attitude. Come and pray for my servant. No, he didn't say come and pray for my servant. He says my servant is sick. I believe it was. You know, and isn't it funny if I I think if you go back and read that Jesus offered to come, I'll come and pray for him. Jesus is so smart. I mean, at least Jesus is so smart. Did the the Pharisees, remember, they ask him about keeping the law. They ask about a a woman if she's married and her husband dies, how many, you know, and then whose wife is she going to be in heaven? And they ask him a bunch of questions. So much so until the last questions that they ask him afterwards, it says that they dare not ask him any more questions. Woo! Why? Because he's the fountain of all knowledge. He made the alphabet. He made the ABCs. He made everything. And you want to come up against that? Praise the Lord. You ain't so dumb yourself, folks. I mean, we ain't so dumb ourselves. She says, "When you get up and you get drawn up before the magistrates and so forth, don't even bother getting in your mind about what you're going to say because it's going to be given to you at the minute that you need it. I'm a witness of that." God has done that through me many times. I didn't know what to say, but he said the right thing. Why? Cuz he'll think your thoughts. He'll tell you how to think. He'll tell you what to say. Don't you love that? Amen. God will do that. Just rely on him. Just rely on him. Amen. Praise the Lord. And the centurion Jesus liked it so well. His attitude, he had an attitude of humility. Lord, you are such a great person that I'm not worried that I have you come under my roof. I have great respect for you. He says, "And I'm a centurion. I guess that's over what, a hundred soldiers or something like that. I'm not too sure what it is, but he's has a lot of soldiers on him. I say to this one, go. And he goes, I say to this one, come. And he comes. And I know you're a man of authority. If you'll just say the word. If you'll just say the word. I know it'll be. Man, I haven't found this kind of faith anywhere. How many believe that's why it's so important when the word goes forth, let the Holy Spirit speak to you and it'll be done right there. It's his word. If you feel like God is speaking to you, say, "Thank you, Jesus. That's me. That's me, Lord. I receive it." Amen. Praise the Lord. That's right. God is good. One more. One more. We'll close. The woman came to the unjust judge. Ain't that right? Unjust judge. And she kept knocking. Do me justice, judge. Ain't that right? Do me justice. Do me justice. He got wearied of it. He says, "I'm going to do it just because she's that persistent. She don't quit. She won't give up." So, whatever you're wanting, that's what I'll do. That's why I love that song. I even had wrote down to sing at the end of the congregation at the end of Amen. When pains of death seize over my soul, unto the Lord I cry. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. God loves the attitude. I won't quit. I won't give up until I get it. That's the kind of attitude God wants us to have. I ain't quitting. I will not be denied. Hallelujah. I want more of God and I'll have more of God. I want more prayer time. I'll have more prayer time. I want more power in my life. I want more joy in my life. Whatever it is, he likes that attitude. That's why he told those stories. so that you'll know what kind of mental attitude that you're to have before anything ever happens. You don't worry about whether it happens or not. You just worry about you believe God with all of your heart without one doubt and be expecting it to happen anytime. Hallelujah. God can heal. God can save. God can fill with the Holy Ghost. But you've got to want it. [Applause] Brother Tommy was telling me while we're fishing talking about how that people, man, you just can't hardly shove it down their throat. No matter how much you try to give them, they just don't want it. And you know, and I'm like, you know, that's the that's the idea is we want people to have what we have. We want you to have it. So, you got to have this. Hello. How many believe that, man? How who wouldn't want this? Who wouldn't want to be this happy? Who wouldn't want to feel this free in your heart? Who wouldn't want to have a pure conscience? Who wouldn't want to What is wrong with you is all I could say. Are you crazy? Are you insane? Yeah, that's what they are. They don't come to Christ, you're insane. I think it's a direct quote. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, you're not riding your my mind by mine. Natural boot beast of some kind. How many believes the mind of Christ is the only right mind, the only right thinking? Thoughts of peace. Amen. As far as the heavens are above the earth, so my ways are not your ways. My thoughts are not your thoughts. Hallelujah. I mean, your thoughts are not my thoughts. Now he's his thoughts are way above ours. That's why we need his thoughts. How many would say, God, I want you. I want your ways. I want your thoughts. Fill me with your thoughts. Whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things of a good report, if there be any praise, if there be any virtue, amen, think on these things. Fill your mind with that. musicians come. We're going to sing that song before we have the baptism. Is that okay? We're going to have at least one good worship song cuz usually I close after that and I'd like for him to come. Amen. Can you bring that up? And guess what? I was thinking about singing it myself, but I mess up a good bit at the time when I try to lead songs. And if why if I do that when you got a pro right here, right? How many appreciate brother Josh? Give him a hand. God bless y'all. God bless you. [Music] Amen. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Let's sing it again. Oh, I would not be denied. Yes, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I could not be denied. And as Jacob in the days above, I wrestled with the Lord. And inant with a courage, I stood upon his word and I would not be deny. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. [Music] But praise the Lord, the work is done. And Christ, the Lord is here. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. Sing. It's already done. It's already done. It's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already done. For the battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. It's already done. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. For the battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. And I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already here. Oh, I'm already here. For the battle is over and the victory is won. And it's already done. I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already healed. here. Oh, I'm already here. For the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already done. My family is here forever. My family away. Lord Jesus, if we trust you and we complete that faith in you, Lord now, oh my family. Amen. Amen. Go expecting for the battle is over. Thank you, Jesus. And the victory is won. And it's already done. Okay. Oh my family is here. Jesus, we come before you, Father, this morning. My family needs a touch from you, Lord. Father, I benefit, Lord, of those stripes that was put on your back. Lord, those people that brought out the blood, Lord, that Isaiah by his stripes, she is healed. Lord, give her a close walk with you. And Lord, ask God that you'll touch every Father, heal her in Jesus name. We claim it now in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. God bless you. It's already done. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. In Jesus name. It's already time, Lord. You did it for us. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won and it's already done. I'm already healed. One more time. Yes. Oh, and I'm already healed. [Music] Oh yes, time already for the battle is over. The victory is won and it's already done. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Worthy is your name. We praise you Lord Jesus. Thank you. Thank you Lord Jesus. Lord reach us to the highest mountain. The blood that Jesus shed for me. The blood that Jesus shed for me [Music] way back on Calary [Music] the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. [Music] Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. It soothes my doubts. For it soothes my doubts and calms all my fears. Oh, and it dries all of my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches for it reaches to the highest mountain. [Music] And it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The love that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it power. [Music] Hallelujah. I give him a hand this morning. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Patty, Brother Sean. Amen. They want to be rebaptized this morning. Amen. They feel like they've gotten to the place where God has really done something for them. They were baptized before, but they don't feel like they really had it. Amen. And so now that they really have it, they want to get buried in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So go on back there if you will. Amen. Brother Sean and Sister Patty, if y'all go over here to the right. Amen. If you will. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. How many believe there's only one name given under heaven whereby you must be saved? That's right. being known unto you and all the house of Israel that by the name of Jesus Christ, this lame man well gets up and walks. Amen. Who died for you? Jesus Christ died for you. Who paid for your sins? Jesus Christ paid for your sins. That's why there's not another name given under heaven. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anybody that hasn't been baptized in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Especially if you've heard here and you've heard how much and absolute without any kind of question that nobody was ever baptized in the titles the father, son, and the holy ghost and you haven't been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. I'm scared for you on that day. Cuz you won't do what God said to. You won't obey him and then you want to go to heaven. Huh? How many believe we got to get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? If you want to call yourself a Christian [Applause] amen I'll just tell you what the word says. You baptize in any other other name. There's only one given whereby men must be saved and that is Jesus Christ. Amen. So praise the Lord. Amen. You can be seated for a minute orever you want to conduct it. But I'm going to go back here and get ready. Brother Tommy or whoever does this pulpit and things. Let's get some help. Get all the help you need. Amen. take my books back there, brother Brad, with you and stuff. Thank you. May let's sing the goodness of God as they prepare to be baptized this morning. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. [Music] I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor, give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. in prisoners chains with pleading st Paul and silus prayed that night and in their pain began to sing Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. [Music] Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. Standing before us, we have something that is worth 10,000 worlds. That's one soul. Amen. How many believe it's even more than that? Amen. You're worth a lot, brother. You're worth a lot. 10,000 worlds. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And when you know, it's not worth so much if it isn't in the hands of God. Ain't that right? It would have been better for somebody not to have been born. The Bible says, if you uh don't come to the knowledge of the truth. We thank God for what has happened in Brother Sea's life. Amen. For the progress and the things that we've seen in his life, the change and the moving of the spirit. Amen. Over the last several years. Amen. As we did with brother Glenn and Sister Sherry and and Patty and how grateful we are for that second row back there. Amen. So, we really appreciate them. And Amen. And uh so we're just going to baptize him this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. In Acts two, when those Israelites when they were pricricked in their hearts, the Bible says, "Amen." They said, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" And Peter said those famous words. He says, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is to you, Amen. to those that are down through the dark ages all the way to the end. As many as the Lord our God shall call." Amen. Come on. [Applause] Amen. We now baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Hallelujah. That's right. [Music] Precious name of Jesus. Amen. Precious name. How many knows it's a precious name. Amen. Amen. It says Patty the same way. Amen. We're very thankful for the work of the Lord that he's done in her life also. Amen. Come on over here. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we just come before you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for brother Sean and sister Patty. Lord, as we're about to baptize her now, Lord Jesus, Father, we believe that she's already received the baptism of your spirit. Even as Peter said in Acts 10 there, he says those who had received the Holy Ghost, then he commanded them to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, we ask God that you'll bless her life, but Sean's life, Lord Jesus, and help them to walk in your foot. [Applause] Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Oh, thank you. Thank you Lord for setting me free. [Music] For once I was lost, now I am found. Now my soul is heaven bound. Thank you. Thank you Lord for saving me. I'm singing thank you. Thank you Lord for saving me. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for setting me free. Oh, once I was lost, now I'm found. Now my soul is heaven bound. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. You do miracles so great. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy. and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. And you deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, [Music] Lord. There is no one else like you. Let's just lift up our voices this morning. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. Let's sing Mercy rewrote my life this morning. And God's mercy rolled my life. His mercy ruled my life. Oh, and I should have fallen my soul. Cast mercy reoll my life. Oh mercy rule my life. God's mercy rule my love. Oh, and I should have fallen in my soul cast down. But his mercy rule my life. Amen. Amen. Hasn't been good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. And brother Ber just wanted me to announce that we'll be postponing communion. So we won't be having that today and we'll be dismissing shortly. Um but I just I had a quick prayer request that I missed um earlier in the service and amen. Sister Joyce um asked if we'd remember Carson in prayer this week. He flies out to the Dominican Republic in the morning for a school trip to remember him. Amen. Brother Caleb, would you close in prayer for us this morning? And as we're dismissed this morning, let's sing. Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. And Oh yes. Oh yes, I'm a child of the [Music]
