################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 250511 - Chad Lamb God in Partnership With Man - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    250511 - Chad Lamb: God in Partnership With Man
Speaker:  Chad Lamb
Church:   Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5jb2f6mJdQ
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
What a fellowship. What a joy divine. Leing on the everlasting arms. Oh, what a blessedness in peace is my leading on the everlasting aring. I'm leading safe and secure from all the alarm. I'm [Music] leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leading on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leading on the everlasting arms. Leaning, I'm leaning. Safe and secure from all along. I'm leading. I'm leading leading on the everlasting arms. Oh, what am I to dread? What am I to fear? Leading on the everlasting arms. I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm leaning leaning and secure from all along. I'm leaning I'm leaning leaning on the everlasting arms. Blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, magnify his name. Magnify his name. Oh, magnify the name of the Lord. Oh, magnify the name. Magnify the name. Oh, magnify the name of the Lord. And it's Jesus is his name. Oh, Jesus is the name. Jesus is the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, Jesus is the name. Jesus is the name. Jesus is the name. Oh, there's victory in that name. Oh, victory in the name. There's victory in the name. There's victory in the name of the Lord. Oh, there's victory in the name. Victory in the name. You know, there's victory in the name of the Lord. There's healing and there's healing in the name. There's healing in the name of Oh, healing in the name of the Lord. There's healing in the name. There's healing in the name. There's healing in the name of the Oh, blessed be. Yes. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Blessed be his holy name this morning. Holy Lord, most holy Lord, you alone are worthy of my praise. Holy Lord, most holy Lord, with all of my heart I [Music] see. Great are you, Lord. You are worthy of praise. Holy and true. Great are you, Lord. Most holy Lord. Oh, holy Lord, most holy Lord, you alone are worthy of my praise, oh holy Lord, most holy Lord. Lord, with all of my heart I [Music] sing. Great are you, Lord. You're worthy of praise. You're holy and true. Great are you, Lord. Most holy Lord, greater than all my sin is the blood that still cleanses. He is the grace that still sets me free to praise him. And I know that the blood of Christ. I'm walking in newness of life. And I cannot call for he's gater than all the blood of the lamb. Oh, I know that the blood of light I'm walking in newness of life. Oh, I cannot fall. For he's greater than all the blood of the lamb. Oh, greater than all my sin and greater than all my He is the blood that still cleans in. He is the grace that still sets me [Music] free to praise him. And I know that the blood of God walking in unity. Oh, I cannot fall. For it's greater than all blood of the Oh, I cannot fall. Oh, I cannot fall. for it's greater than all this blood of the lamb. Amen. Thank you, Lord, for that blood this morning. Let's go to the key of D. And then as brother Chad comes this morning, let's just sing this. The sun is up. The sun is up. Now I can go free. for the chains that were holding me. I can no longer see her long trumpet sound, declaring my jubilee. And all that I once paid again is restored to me. Price has been paid. All my sins washed away. for now and for all. For the sun is up. Oh, the sun is up. Now I can go free. the chains that were holding me. I can no longer see her long trumpet sound, declaring my jubilee. All that I once did again is restored to me and the truth is revealed. For he's opened the seals now and for all. The son is love. Amen. God be praised. Let's bow our heads together. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so thankful to be here again. For Lord, for us the sun is truly up. Lord, God, you've arisen. Lord, you've raised your word back into prominence. Lord, you've taken the veil away that veiled our eyes from the truth and all the things that were hiding the reality from us. Lord, you've removed it now. And God, the sun is shining upon us, Lord. May it bake all of the immaturity out of us that we become exactly like you till our lives reflect back to you exactly what you've been looking for, Lord. and the maturity of your children. God, may you bring your word forth, Lord, this morning. And God, may it may it quicken in our lives. May it become alive and real inside of us, Lord. And God, may it bring forth the fruit that you desire in this hour. For Lord, we're living in the closing moments of time. And we're so thankful for all that you've given us and all that you've allowed us to see and hear. And God, we want to refresh our commitment to you, Lord, this morning to give ourselves h wholly to you that you might use us. May use this vessel of mind, Lord, this morning to deliver your word. And may you, God, anoint our ears to hear all that you have for us, Lord. And may that seed that's cast forth this morning find a good ground in our souls. And may it bring forth a bountiful harvest for your glory. We ask it in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. While you're standing, let's take our Bibles and we're going to turn to the book of John. As we turn there, I just want to wish all the mothers a happy Mother's Day and say, "God bless you and may God's riches blessings be upon you." Amen. Uh motherhood is actually an aspect of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because God, remember, he's El Shadai. He's the breasted God. He's the mother of God who nurtures and nurses and gives his strength to his children. Amen. So, motherhood is a reflection of part of the nature of God. And so, we appreciate all the mothers and say, "God bless you." Also want to let you know that someone has uh prepared a small gift for all the mothers. So, after the service right out in the for all the mothers in the assembly, and they would love for you to take that and be blessed by it. Amen. Amen. Uh, also I just wanted to say we had such a wonderful wedding yesterday. It was such a blessing to see Alex and Amy united together and marriage. Amen. And we really happy for the Preston and the Bartram family. So, thank thank God for them and for this wonderful time for their families. And also a big thanks to everybody who pitched in and helped. It was wonderful. But I want to give a special thank you to Sister Amber Hatfield for all that she does in coordinating the weddings. Amen. She's done almost 30 of them now. Amen. and she she's a big help and she's a big help to me. It takes a lot of pressure off me. She does all the hard stuff and I just do what we do up here. Amen. So, we appreciate that and everybody else who helped. May God bless you. Amen. Let's look here at John 15 as we get into the word this morning. John 15 and five says, "I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me you can do nothing. May God bless you as you have your seats. Praise God. Amen. This has been an interesting week. As many of you know, the Catholic Church has selected a new pope. Amen. On Thursday. Amen. And and it's been historic for many reasons. It was historic because it was so fast. The choice is so fast. And it was a shock to the world because the world never expected a pope from the United States, but we expected it. Amen. Maybe not this time. We didn't know when, but we were looking for it to happen at some time. And I just want to say I feel privileged of God that my eyes have behold prophecy fulfilled in my day. And I'm so thankful uh to be alive in this day to see God. And you know, nobody could make that happen. Amen. Only God. Even the Catholic Church was shocked. They said e, you know, and brother Brandon prophesied this in 1954. And in 1954, in the minds of the world, it was an impossibility. It's not going to happen. And even in 2025, 71 years later, they still didn't believe it was possible. Hey, praise God. Amen. God's the God of making the impossible possible. Amen. Amen. So, uh, I just want to read, uh, I think I have, do I do I have this Franco on the overhead? I think I have. Yeah. Here's the quote so we can look at it and read it together. Brother says, I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then they'll form an image like unto the beast. It's amazing. Brother Rem says United States. Amen. And I thought was neat, too, brother Dean Hatfield, he had stayed in a hotel on Wednesday night, Thursday morning, uh or I think it that was the case or no, Thursday night, Friday morning. Anyways, he brought me a spare copy he had of the USA Today. And I just love, you know, how when God did something, he put it on Life magazine life and he showed us the cloud. So on USA Today full page front cover is a picture of Pope Leo I 14th and and it says Catholic Church makes history. Then in bold letters Pope Leo the 14th then it says first pope from the US and it's for everybody to see on USA Today. Amen. So I thought that was amazing because brother Ram said the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you uh the true I and I tell you the true church of God will be drove together. The real true believers out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, holiness, whatever they'll be, will go together and cemented by the love of God that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ, all the believers and agnostic and shallow minded will be cast to one side. They'll go right on into the confederation of churches. So, it was exciting to see a fulfillment of prophecy in our day. And it seems like God's just checking them off all the time. Amen. Prophecy being fulfilled in our day. And we knew we were in the end time. We knew we're in the harvest time. We were knew we in the final ages. This is we've known for some time. But we're watching one by one everything move into position. And the whole world keeps moving into this position. Amen. And there's still so many things. We don't know how things will transpire. But you see God doing what God promised he would do. Amen. But what thrilled me about all of this is it's in this hour. It's in this time. And when we say hour and time, we don't know days, weeks, months, years. Like we don't want to put our own interpretation to it. So we got to be careful of that. But he said the real true believers out in Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pent. Well, that's us. We're out of Methodist, Baptist, Pentecost of the world. But I believe there's more to come. This is the exciting part for me that that according to this I expect there'll be more true believers coming out of Methodist. Amen. And coming and then the most exciting part being cemented coming together being cemented by the love of God. This is a great hour we live in for the bride of Jesus Christ. I expect us to be cemented together more and more in the love of God. Amen. That'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. So, I say God bless you. Amen. And God be praised. I wanted to uh take a minute and I I don't really want to preach on this, but there's no way we can't talk about it. Amen. It's so exciting. But but really for us, nothing's changed. Nothing's actually changed. We're not supposed to do something different now or act in a different way or change our behavior or attitude or action. We should have already we've we we're already believers before this. This doesn't make us more of a believer. It shouldn't make us more of a believer. So for us, nothing changes. We're supposed to just continue on as we've been continuing on. And really, all the prophecy being fulfilled, it's fulfilled in conjunction with the maturity of the bride because one can't get ahead of the other. So it just shows that God is maturing his bride. But how's he doing it? He's doing it by bringing his word and she's laying in the presence of the sun to bake all the greenness out of her. Amen. So what are we supposed to do now? Lay in the presence of the sun and bake the rest of the greenness out so the rest of prophecy can be fulfilled. I mean the scripture said the bride has made herself ready. How? By feeding on the word and by taking the garment of the word and putting it on herself. Amen. That's all what we've been doing. That's what we're supposed to continue to do. Amen. God will take care of fulfilling all of his prophecy. Amen. I've seen where so many people now are diving in deep diving into the birth date of this new pope and and the name and and I think his name is interesting. Leo the 14. Like super interesting, but I'm not a prophet. I'm not going to tell you all that it means. I'm not going to get into all of that and I'm not going to mess up the beautiful picture God's painted by adding my own thinking to this. They're trying to take his birthday and the years and all of this stuff. And I say, just let the interpreter of the word interpret his word. And God interprets his word by bringing it to pass. And he does a really good job of doing what we can't doise. We have no power to do these things. And he does it and he's good at it. So let's just let him do it and quit taking our feeble little minds and manipulating and twisting and trying to connect this dot and this dot. I mean, that's fine if you get it right, but the problem is if you get it wrong and send somebody's thinking down the wrong direction. And so, let's just be happy with what we see that this day this prophecy is fulfilled in our eyes, at least this portion so far. And the other thing we don't know, too, is how many times we'll see this prophecy fulfilled. There's so many things that we can't know. All we can do is be thankful that God sent us a prophet and opened our eyes. Amen. When brother Benham comes to the seals, I want to just share with you the warning that he gave everybody else and because it ties into what I want to preach uh this morning and on Wednesday as well. He says uh when he comes to the seals, he preaches the seals and he's telling us in the breach, this is a monumental transition. Amen. that the lamb is going to come forth and take the book and loose the seals and only the lamb can do it. And he comes past the sixth seal and he gets to the Sunday morning service was his questions and answers and that evening he's going to preach the seventh seal. And he and he comes to the people and he says, "It's been told to you before, so just don't try to put any interpretation, but just believe me as your brother. We're living in a great hour." Amen. Amen. We're living in a time Well, you just be real humble. Be a Christian and try to live for God and live honest with your fellow man and love those who don't love you. Don't try to make any You see, you do. You only make it a mysterious something and mess the real program of God up. This is what he says. The opening of the seals. The opening of the seals was a mon monumental shift in prophecy and an opening of the word and a transition in time. Monumental. It was earthchanging. It was it was heaven shaking. Amen. But what he told you to do is just stay humble and be a Christian. Amen. And don't try to add anything to it. You make it a mysterious and you mess the real program of God up. Amen. By injecting our own thinking. Amen. Now he goes on later in the same message. He says, "Now look here. Let me show you something. Did you know there's tens of thousands of voices in the room right now? Literally voices of people that's coming through. He's talking about radio. He's talking about television through the electronic waves of radio. Why don't you hear them? Their voices. Is that right? They're waving right through here now. There's people's forms and bodies moving right through this room now. Is that right? Well, why don't you see them? They're here actual voices like my voice. Well, why don't you hear it? See, it's got to strike something first to reveal it. Now, do you understand? Amen. Remember, I'm trying to show you that it's got to strike something first to reveal it. And it struck a prophetic gift first to reveal it. But then it's got to strike something in us as well. He said, "So just don't interpret nothing. If God wants you to know anything, he will send it to you. So just be real, real solid." Now hold still. Something has happened. Amen. So I'd say it's true today. Just be real real solid. Just be humble. Just be a Christian. Just live for God and be honest with your fellow man and love those who don't love you. Keep doing what you're supposed to be doing. Amen. And then he goes on. He says, "Don't try to make yourself odd to be a Christian because you take yourself away from God." That's right. Amen. Amen. That's why when we start diving into the conspiracy theories and you just make yourself weird. You make yourself a weirdo. And that's what brother Bam told us not to do. Don't do that. Don't play around in those areas watching people on the internet and tying these. Don't do that. God's the divine interpreter of his word. And listen, he'll bring it to pass whether you figured it out ahead of time or not. And he didn't require us to figure it out to bring it to pass. He'll bring it to pass whether we figured it out or not. Amen. What he's waiting for is the bride to come to perfection. So what will it take us laying in the presence of the son? Then further in the same message, he gets a question. Should evangelists continue on the field. He said in this hour of course what they mean certainly by all means don't change a thing. If Jesus is coming in the morning preach today like it was going to be 10 years from today but live like it's going to be at this hour. Don't get scrupled up now. That's why I'm trying to warn you about just don't be odd, peculiar. Don't change nothing. Now, just because you saw the Catholic Church elect a US uh uh pope, don't cancel your 401k. I'm serious. They did that in 1977. Ask some of the believers who were here. Don't cash it out and take the vacation of a lifetime. He told us not to do that. That would be disobedience to the prophet. Amen. Listen, don't change a thing. Don't get scrupled up. Now, that's what I'm trying to warn you about. Just don't be odd, peculiar. Don't change nothing. If you're doing something wrong or doing evil, repent. Come back to God. Continue on your evangelistic service just as you always did. If you're building a house, put it on up. If Jesus comes tomorrow, you'd be found faithful at the duty. If you're building your church, go on, put it up. I'd rather be putting my money in something like that than be found with it in my pocket. See, just keep on. Continue as you are. Everybody understand now? Continue right on. Just go right on as you are. Just don't stop. Don't do nothing. Just go right on just as you are. Keep on serving the Lord. Now, for instance, if I was working for a man and and and you know it was 15 minutes before quitting time, well, you said it's just 15 minutes more, so I might as well just go over and and sit down. You'd get docked for that 15 minutes. If you're planting wheat, plant your wheat. If you're digging potatoes, go on and dig them out. Well, nobody will eat them. That don't make any difference. Dig them out anyhow. Just continue on as you are. Get married. Have babies. Raise your children. Go to work. Because that's what God wants from us. That's where he's positionally placed us. When it's time to stop doing those things, you won't have to guess. Yeah, it'll just stop. Amen. Further down, he says, "Somebody said the other day, he said, a fellow came in and said, "Say, brother, you know what?" He said, "I'm going to give you the second set of keys. I've bought a new car." Said, "I'm going to give you the second set of keys." He was telling his pastor, "I'm going to give you the second set of keys cuz the rapture might come, you know." And said, "I won't be needing it anymore." Then, Brother Rem said, "Well, the pastor was going to miss it." You see? So that makes ready, isn't it? All right. But that's that's the way it is. See, you must we mustn't be that way. We must be a sane, solid Christian that I'm put here to work right up to the last minute. I've got a job to do and I'm going to be right found faithful at the post of duty. If he come, if he comes this morning, I want to be standing right here in the pull pit. You say, "Brother Brandham, if he was if he was to come this morning, shouldn't you be out there?" No, sir. This is my post of duty. I'll be standing right here preaching when he comes, saying the same things I am. Then when he comes, I'll just move right on out with him. If I'm hoing potatoes, I'll just be hoing away just as hard as I can when he comes. I'll just drop the hoe and take off. I'm so glad we had a prophet of God. And if we would have all taken that advice, the things over the last 70 years would have run smoother, the last 60 years. Amen. But thank God that he gave us such instruction, such wisdom, such reality. Amen. And for me, it's not just instruction for the fulfillment of prophecy. It's instruction for every day of our lives because this is actually go what God wants us to do. Whatever God's giving you to do is what God wants you to do. Amen. So many people are struggling in life with what should I do for the Lord. And and brother Benham makes it so simple. If you're a potato farmer, what God wants you to do is hold potatoes. That's right. Amen. He doesn't want you to become so spiritual that your field is overgrown with vines and you lose the harvest because your responsibility is to be a potato farmer. Amen. You say that can't be it. That can be it. Praise the Lord. That can be it. It can be that simple because God wants to be a mechanic, a farmer, a a housewife. He wants to be expressed in all of these attributes. He wants to be expressed. And no one form can express all of God. Jesus Christ was the only one that could do it. The rest of us only have a measure. And we express in whatever place God put us. And he wants us to stay in that place. Amen. Until he changes our place. And he has ways of changing our place. If God's ever changed your place, you know God has ways of changing your place. And so God wants us to be where he's put us. Yes. And he wants us to live to the fullest where we are. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I think this is one of the great mysteries that was unlocked in the end time. And it's one of the great mysteries that actually abolish religion because God doesn't want you only on Sunday. That's right. And only on Wednesday. And he didn't just call you to come to church and dress pretty and sing. That's not the purpose of your life. That's only a very small portion of our life. How much time do you spend in church? If you count Sunday and Wednesday, how much time in the month are you actually in church? And how much time are you outside of church? And so when do you think God is actually working through you and using you? Every moment, every hour, every day, he's expressing himself through your flesh. And that's what God wants. Amen. And in in Satan's Eden, the prophet of God says this, "And so God knew that we would be here, but then he put us in flesh so we would be in contact. in order he could contact. He became one of us when he became Jesus Christ, the son of God himself, the fullness of the manifestation of God. Therefore, that was God's purpose to display his attributes in fellowship. Amen. When I was in my father, I knew nothing about it. When I became his son, I was born of him. I was an attribute, a part of my father, and you're a part of your father. And as children of God, we are part of God's attribute that was in him. Made flesh like he was made flesh. So we can have fellowship with one another as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. Yes, sir. That's what God wanted at the beginning. So what was God's original purpose at the beginning? He wanted Oh my goodness. He wanted parts of himself, his attributes that was in him to be made flesh like he was going to be made flesh so that we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. Amen. What did God want? What did God always want? What God wanted, he showed us in Eden. He showed us what he wanted. He wanted the masterpiece family. That's what he wanted. He wanted sons and daughters connected together in love and harmony and unity. Amen. And and he wanted that's the picture that he painted and showed us. And that's the foreshadow of everything he's doing now to rebuild his masterpiece family. God wanted to become a family in flesh on the earth in fellowship with one another. That was God's desire. That's what he purposed at the beginning. That's what he wanted and that's what he's restoring now. Amen. What is the mystery? Amen. What is the great mystery of God? Revelation 10:7, "In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery of God shall be finished." What is the great mystery of God? What was the mystery laying under those seals? What was it that was kept hid from us all through the church ages? What was it that opened up? Why did Brother Brandon's Bible become a new book? What was the great mystery that was laying under those seals? After the mystery of each seal was revealed, there was another mystery. the mystery of God. And what was the mystery of God? The mystery of God was God wanted to dwell in flesh on the earth. That was the great mystery of God. He showed it in Eden. He showed it in Jesus Christ. And now he wants to show it in his bride. It's not hard, sir. Pretty simple. Amen. But pretty impossible, sir. It's not hard, but it's hard. If you try to do it yourself, it's an impossibility. But that's this great mystery friends. It's not something far away and complicated and hard to understand. The great mystery of God was that God wanted to dwell in his people. Praise the Lord. That's the great mystery of God. He he says in Christ is the mystery of God. He talks about the three-fold purpose. And he said secondly to have preeminence in his body of believers that is his bride that he might live in people. Now, he could do that in Adam and Eve, but sin separated them. So, now there had to be some way to get it back again. That's what he wanted. He might live in people. That's what God wanted to live in people on the earth as a family of God. Sin now separated that. So, there had to be a way to get it back. in questions and answers. Uh in 1964, he says, "Now on the day of Pentecost, it came down the pillar of fire and broke apart like that, and tongues of fire set upon each of them. Not their tongues, but tongues of fire set upon each of them an elected selected group identified by his pillar of fire, showing that God had separated himself into man." Do you get it? God the logos separating himself into man. God not in one person. He is in his church universal. Amen. This is what his great desire is. This is why Jesus died. This is what Calvary is all about. Calvary purchased back. It was the blood. The shedding of the blood was the purchasing back of all of creation. He bought back all that was fallen. All of creation. But he also brought a sanctifying power. Amen. By his blood and by his spirit so that he could sanctify these hybrid vessels so that God could once again dwell in man. That was also part of Calvary to bring a power by the blood, shedding of the blood of sanctification so that God what was separated in Eden, God could get it back again so that he could come himself and dwell inside of us. And he started that on the day of Pentecost. In the message one, he says on the day of Pentecost, we find the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire separating itself and sitting upon each member of the church. God putting himself together. Thank you. What was Pentecost? God putting himself back together. Listen. Oh, let me read it and just God putting himself together. Then with that group of people together, what does it do? It brings back the unified body of the Lord Jesus coming together. Amen. We think when when when I first thought of would think of this quote or read it or however it come to my mind, I was thinking, you know, at the pillar of fire broke apart and tongues of fire rested upon each head. And he said God putting himself back together like he was bringing uh the church back together. But in reality they were already been together and for 10 days in the upper room waiting for the Holy Ghost to fall. So what was he bringing back together? He was bringing back his attribute in their soul with his spirit. He was bringing himself back together again. It wasn't just the binding together of the people. It was the binding together of his spirit with his attribute once again. It was God putting himself back together. Amen. Listen, this is beyond what we can imagine. This is what the message is all about. Amen. He says in choosing of a bride said the other is pregnant by the word of God and will bring forth the body, the finished body of Jesus Christ, which is his bride. The body of Christ isn't finished yet. How many knows that? A man and a woman is one. Christ is one body. The word, the bride will have to be the rest of that body. And the two together makes the one body again like Adam was at the beginning. Praise be to God. This is what God's doing. There's another quote that I want to read to you. It's not on the overhead, but this is from what was the Holy Ghost given for from 1959. He says, "In the cool of the evening, he'd come down and commune with them." speaking of Eden now. And there he lost that fellowship because sin would not let him do it. And then he was made flesh and dwelt among us in order that he could come back again to man and live in man and restore man to a state of communion with him again and give him back his God-given right. That's what he did. This is what Calvary is all about. Amen. He says that's the purpose of the Holy Ghost is the father again, God the Father dwelling in you. Amen. Working out his plans to finish his plan of redemption. Working through you, making you a co-worker with him, giving you a place, giving you a part of your a a part for your fallen, lost brothers and sisters, giving you his spirit and his love to go hunt the lost as he did in the Garden of Eden. So, what is the Holy Ghost? It's it's God the Father coming back in man again. Amen. Providing his spirit and his life. Amen. giving you making you a co-orker with him in this plan of redemption as he put in you love and a desire to seek out your lost brethren. This is God coming back in man. Amen. Amen. And he says in Colossians to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you the hope of glory. This mystery is Christ in you. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says in 1 Corinthians 12:12, "For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many are one body, so also is Christ." Amen. So he says, "So also is Christ." So what is Christ? Christ is a many membered body. Christ is made up of many members. His bride body, his church is many members, all unified together to make one body. Amen. And it's it's the furthering of the body of Jesus Christ. It's what the prophet tells us. Like Adam and Eve in the beginning. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Oh, praise the Lord. All right. I want to go to this next restoration of the bride tree. Said, "Otherwise, you're going to form what's known to me as a bride sea." That's right. I'll go with you. You will be part of me. You will be my bride. My life will be in your body just like a husband and wife as one person. You and I are going to be one. At that day, you'll know that I am in the father, the father in me. I in you, you and me. Oh, I just love that. Satan just gets so angry at that. See the oneness of God. Amen. All that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was, he poured into the church. There you are. Makes them all one. Amen. What does Satan hate? He hates this revelation. He hates this reality. Amen. We're going to get in later to why I believe he hates it. And God is his own interpreter. He says, "What I mean attributes was his thoughts." And a word is a thought expressed. And when that was in his thinking and when he said, "Let there be and there was." Let there be and there was. And now remember, you Christians were his thoughts before there was a world. And you are the manifestation of his thinking before there even was a world. You were in Christ. Amen. In God in the beginning that makes you then you see his subjects and the whole thing is God himself materializing himself tangible so he could be handled seen and so forth. That's what God is the whole thing. So we believe God is the whole thing, right? Amen. But brother Brandham's coming and making you part of that expression of God. That's right. He's making you part of the whole thing. The whole thing is God himself materializing himself tangible. So he could be handled. I hope it sinks in. We got to quit putting this off. That's right. Amen. We got to quit putting it somewhere or into the future or on other people. We've got to stop doing that. Yes, sir. We've got to stop feeling unworthy and it can't be me. Well, that's obvious. It's you're unworthy. And guess what? There's nothing there's no part of you, your human part that makes you worthy or makes you special enough to be part of this. It has nothing to do with your human form. Amen. That's just a tent that God knit together through bringing genetics together so that he'd have a tent that could express the attribute that he placed inside. It has nothing to do with the tent. Has everything to do with the life that he placed inside that seed of his that's in your soul and was put in your soul before the foundation of the world which is him himself, his own life that he wants to manifest and make material upon the earth. And he wants to do it in you. Yes, sir. And we can say bride, but listen, it's got to come home. It's got to change because when this revelation can strike and it's not for a future day and it's not far off and it's not for other people but that's what God wants to do in me. Amen. Then all of a sudden it takes away all kinds of nonsense out of our lives and pushes away all kinds of wrong thinking and wrong desires and wrong motives. Amen. And all of a sudden all I want to do is lay in the presence of the son and let him have his way with me. Cuz I'm not here for my own agenda. I'm not here to serve my own purpose. I didn't come by my own thinking. I wasn't placed in this body in this time in this position because I wanted to be here. I'm here to serve God's purpose and I want to yield myself to that purpose. But I can't yield myself if I don't know I'm part of his purpose and I keep I keep messing it up with my own thinking. That's why God sent a message to peel the veil off of our own mind. Thank you, Lord. to free us from denominational thinking, to free us from religion where I have to go through a form to be part of God. I've got to go through a ritual. I've got to be part of a group. I've got to It has nothing to do with that. God designed you to be part of him before the foundation of the world. And he's bringing you to fruition so that he can be handled. Hallelujah. Not in the church building, in you. Not in a group, in you. Not in a set of doctrines in you. This message is not doctrines. This message is a reality living in you. That's what the message is. This message is the mind of God, the plan of God, the purpose of God being unveiled. Amen. So that those that were in his mind before the foundation of the world can wake up from spiritual amnesia and recognize who they really are. That was the whole purpose of the message, not to bring doctrines and orders and forms and rituals and of course of course we have a church and of course we have fellowship of course we have those things and he said it in order but that's not why the message came or the message came to to peel away our amnesia. Amen. So that we could enter into rest. Yes. Hallelujah. So that we could just realize this is something God's done. That's right. From before the foundation of the world. That's right. This is not what I've done. No, this is what he's done. This isn't what I want. This is what he wants. Thank you, Lord. The denominational idea come to bring us into bondage, to force us into a certain mold, to make us have to jump through certain hoops, to to actually create insecurity. It creates insecurity because unless you're this, you're not this. And unless you're that but the word came to unveil you. Amen. To you. Amen. Thanks be to God. Amen. Oh, I don't know where to go next. Amen. You just you just keep pulling and we'll trust God because there's still so much more that I want to share and I don't always know how to share it and where to go and what to do but I just want to trust God to have his way. In the message God is his own interpreter. Brother Ram says what I mean attributes was his thoughts and a word is a thought expressed and then that was his thinking and when he said let there be and there was let there be and there was. Yes sir. And now remember you Christians were his thoughts before there was a world and you were the manifestation of his thinking before there was even there even was a world you were in Christ in God in the beginning. that makes you then you see his subjects and the whole thing is God m himself materializing himself tangible so he could be handled seen and so forth and that's what God is the whole thing praise God I know I just read that I just read it twice but maybe we need to hear it twice amen showing that we don't know what we're doing friends we're just here trusting God Amen. In Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says this now he sanctified with his spirit and blood a church that he might make every promise in the last day be revealed. Now see he could go back and pick up what those other fellows had left off there in the last day and by his holy spirit reveal all the mystery of the seven seals and he is expressing himself. That is his purpose. That's why he died. That's the second fold of his three-fold manifestation. first to express himself in Christ, then express himself through the church. And the same thing, Christ was the word, and the church becomes the word when it lets the word go through them. Hallelujah. We're here just to let this word flow through us by the power of his spirit to surrender and to yield in the invisible union. He says, "Oh, the spiritual union of Christ in his church now when the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh." That's right. What a statement. The flesh is becoming word. And that just means the word and the prophecy and the flesh are becoming the same thing. And I just don't know. I don't know that we could fully absorb what this actually means. I think it means uh it has everything to do with what's going on. Has everything to do with us. It has everything to do with God's purpose and God's plan. And the message perseverant. He says now we believe the Bible to be God's infallible word. We believe that it is the entire revelation of Jesus Christ revealing himself in the Old Testament by the prophets. God making himself known through his son Christ Jesus. And in him dwelt the fullness of the Godhead bodily. He was crucified for our sins. Died, buried, rose the third day, ascended into heaven, and is back here again in the name in the form of the Holy Spirit. God dwelling. One time God above us in Christ, God with us, now God in us. It's God working his way back into man. Amen. Amen. So God above us, God with us, God in us. Was God working his way back into man? Because he was above us, but he had to come. He had to be with us in Jesus Christ so that he could pay the price of redemption and offer the the power of sanctification so that he could get back in man. It was God working his way back in man because that's what he wanted from the beginning. God working his way back into man to worship, be worshiped through man. God's agency. God does nothing outside of a man being his agent, his helper. Remember the last quote when he says it makes you co-workers with him. I want to start talking about this co-workers or partner. I just realized I didn't even give you a title. Uh God in partnership with man. How's that for a title? God in partnership with man. Amen. So, I want to go back to this uh to this quote where we were that man is being his agent, his helper. And then in the next quote, we're going to we're going to talk about this for a little bit because it began to amaze me when I really began to meditate and God started just bringing so much to my heart and mind and the unveiling of God. He said like he was in Moses. When the word was in Moses, he was God in flesh. When it was in Jesus, it was God in flesh. See, only thing he done was change his mask, not his word, not his nature. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He only changed his form. He changed from Noah to Moses. He changed from Moses to David, from David, Joseph, on down till he come into the fullness of the Godhead bodily. That was Jesus Christ. It's still the same God. Amen. Amen. I hope that gets through. See, it's the same God, but he just takes on another veil. See, he puts on another veil. He did it in the reformers taking on a veil uh until finally it come down through the Lutheran age down through the other age. Then finally it comes out into the complete. Amen. What is the complete supposed to be Christ in bride form? till he comes back into man. Because his redemption price has redeemed man back by the purchase of his blood, by the sanctification of his spirit, by the indwelling of his spirit. He's bringing man back into his position. And remember, the Holy Ghost was bound by denominational rivers for nearly 2,000 years. He couldn't come back in full measure. Amen. Because of of of limited truth, because of wrong understanding, because of a wrong picture. Amen. And so now after 2,000 years, he says, "But in the evening time, it'll be loosed by the evening time message, the Holy Ghost back in the church again." Amen. This is where he comes and brings his unification. Amen. God and man back together. Christ and his bride in the invisible union. Amen. Back together to the complete picture once again in the end time. God working through man. And remember the comment about partnership. about his agent and his coworker. Amen. I I you know, I was I was going preaching a couple um conventions and while I was preaching it, these things just kept rolling and rolling and the more I preached, the more it came out. And the more I preached it, more it came out. And and I began to realize that if God put man on partnership with him, he made him a coworker. He made him his agent. Listen, there's there's more to this maybe than we always realize. Um, I I did a little uh demonstration or a little object lesson with them in Poland. And I had my interpreter with me, Brother Samuel. And Brother Samuel's fantastic interpreter. He's a good partner. But I got a piece of paper and I said, "All right, we're going to start a partnership because God put man on partnership with him." Is that what the prophet said? So, let's start a partnership. And in this partnership, I did it like this. Some of you saw it, but some of you didn't. So, I'm going to do it again. Amen. Here's the partnership. All right. You front all the money. All the upfront costs come from you. You set everything up. You do all the work. You run the business. You take all the problems. You solve all the problems. And you take all the bad phone calls. And then we'll split the proceeds 50/50. I asked Samuel, I said, "Can you sign here, please?" And he refused. That's not a partnership. That's not a partnership. Let's go to Exodus chapter 3 together. Exodus chapter 3 verse 7. This is when God comes. He's going to deliver his children out of bondage out of Egypt. and he comes to Moses and he gets his attention through the burning bush and Moses draws near and in verse 7 he says and the Lord said I surely I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters for I know their sorrows and I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians and to bring them up out of the land unto a good land to a large unto a land flowing with milk and honey unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Parizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. Now, therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me. I've also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppressed them. Come now, therefore, I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt. So, it starts off by God saying, I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of Egypt. And then he says, "Come now, I send you to bring them out to deliver them out of the hand of Pharaoh." So who's going to deliver them out of the hand of Pharaoh? It's going to be God. But how is he going to go to Pharaoh to deliver his children out of Pharaoh? He's going to go in Moses. This is co-workers. Yes, this is partnership. And you know, it's amazing because it seems like Moses is reluctant to sign the contract for this partnership. Seems like Moses has some hesitations because he's looking at his own inabilities. He's looking at himself and he can't provide in this partnership. He knows he doesn't have the strength, the wisdom. He's not clear speech. doesn't have what it takes to do what God told him he's going to do. Amen. So Moses doesn't quite understand the partnership yet. The partnership sounds like I'm going to deliver him, but you go and do it. He didn't realize that God really intended for this to be a partnership. In verse 11, it says, "And Moses said unto God, who am I that I should go into Pharaoh and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?" And he says, "Certainly, I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee. When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, you shall serve God upon this mountain." So Moses now says, "I who am I? Who am I to go to Pharaoh? Who am I? Who am I to go do this?" And and it's a it's a fair statement. His perspective is right. I don't have the physical strength or the ability to do what you just said I was going to do. He's right. But he's looking at the wrong thing. He's not supposed to look at himself. He's supposed to look at the word of the Lord. He's not supposed to look at what he thinks about himself, but what God says about him. Yes. And so now his hesitation all has to do with his complexes and with his fears and with his inabilities. Amen. And it's the same thing's true in us. Amen. Amen. When we start preaching like this, automatically I I know beyond a shadow of a doubt, certain of you start to put yourself outside of the picture because you think you're not good enough and it can't be for me and I don't understand enough and blah blah blah blah blah. That is the enemy trying to keep you from your position. Cuz it's not about what you can do or understand or or explain or how strong you are and how much of an overcomer you are. That has nothing to do with it. God didn't choose you for those reasons. That's right. God God didn't choose you, Amen, to play that part. He just chose you to be a willing vessel that he can work through. Remember he told in and Paul in the book of Romans, he says, "You see how not many mighty, not many noble, not many wise, not many of this, but God has chosen the feeble things, amen, to break down the strong. He's chosen the weak things. Amen. Or the the foolish things that confound the wisdom of the wise. God is not looking for your ability. He's looking for your availability. He chose you to be a vessel to finish his work. That was his choosing, not yours. And what right do you have to refuse him? Amen. You have free moral agency. Of course, he'll never violate free moral agency. Amen. God gave you that choice. But God made you. Amen. He designed you and ordained you to be part of his program. That's right. Amen. Moses was his choice. That's right. Moses wasn't Moses choice. Moses didn't think he was a good choice. Hey, listen. At one point, Moses thought he was a good choice, but then God had to break him and humiliate him and humble him. And when God finally came to him to to put him into his commission, put him into action, he no longer believed he was a good choice. And that's what made him a good choice. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. It's good for us to realize. Brother Benham said, "You're nothing." That's right. Amen. He said, "Go stick your finger in a bucket of water and pull it out and see the hole you left. See what impact you have. You're nothing." Amen. But man is a paradox because just the same as you're nothing, you're also God's predestinated plan for this age. And he placed a portion of himself in you so that you and your flesh are nothing. But the attribute of God in your soul is everything. So you're a walking paradox. What am I? Nothing or a son of God. There's no way a son of God is nothing. But you and your flesh is nothing. But you're a son of God. Amen. Don't call a son of God nothing. Amen. So what am I? You're a walking paradox. You're a mystery sometimes even to yourself. Brother Rem said, "My wife doesn't understand me. I'm a mystery to my wife." He goes, "Frankly, I don't understand myself." So, there's nothing wrong with that, friends. There's nothing wrong with God calling you. Amen. God sending you, God using you, and you thinking, "I can't do it." There's nothing wrong with that. That's healthy. But don't say it can't be done because with God, all things are possible. Remember, partnership is not you're going to do it by yourself. God will be with you. But partnership is not God's going to do it by himself. He's going to use you. Let's look at verse 13. God already comforted Moses. It's okay. I've given you a consolation. You're going to come back here and worship on this mountain. Don't worry, Moses. Here's what he says next. And Moses said unto God, "Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, God of our fathers has sent me unto you, and they shall say unto me, what is his name? What shall I say unto them?" And God said unto him, unto Moses, I am that I am. And he said, "Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I am hath sent me unto you." And God said, "Moreover, unto Moses, thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the Lord, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob, has sent me unto you, and this is my name forever, and this is my memorial to all generations." Perfect. We settled that. Let's go to chapter 4:1. And Moses answered and said, "But behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice, for they will say, 'The Lord hath not appeared unto thee." Listen, God keeps answering his questions, and Moses comes back with more questions. He He's hesitating to sign on the dotted line. He's not sure he can keep up his end of the partnership. He's pretty sure he can. And then verse two, and the Lord's go and the Lord said unto him, "What is that in thy hand?" And he said, "A rod." And he said, "Cast it down. We know it became a serpent." And he fled from it. And he picked it back up at the command of the Lord and became a rod again. Then he told him to take his hand and place it in his bosom, pull it out, became white with leprosy, and he put it back. And when it came back out, it was whole again. And he says, "Now by these two signs they'll believe you." Let's go to verse 10. And Moses said unto the Lord, "Oh my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither hereto for, nor since thou has spoken unto thy servant, but I am slow of speech and of a slow tongue." My goodness. And the Lord said unto him, "Who made Who hath made man's mouth? Or who maketh the dumb or deaf or seeing or blind? Have not I the Lord? Now therefore go, I will be with thy mouth and teach thee what thou shalt say?" And he said, "Oh my Lord, send I pray thee by the hand of him whom thou wil send." He's saying, "God, pick somebody else." Verse 14, "And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses." My can you imagine Moses delayed drug his feet had hesitations had self-doubts reflecting on his own ability and inability and the impossibility he dwelt on that so long that it made God angry and the anger of the Lord was kindled. Yes, sir. Against him. And Moses was just being a normal human being. Realizing he had already tried and he failed. He had messed up and can't talk clear and nobody will listen to me and I've already tried and I run away and I'm in this position and he's just being like you and I. Amen. Moses just being like you and I. But God kept telling him, "It's okay. I've come down. I'm here. I'm here. And I'm going to Egypt now. Come. I'm sending you. You're not going by yourself. We're in partnership, Moses." Amen. Amen. Listen. Who's come down in this day? You think we're alone? And you think what he's called us to do and what he's called us to be in this hour is left up to our strength and our ability and our mind and our will. No. That's why the headship has come. That's why Christ has come. He's come to fulfill his own word. But he's got to have a partnership with somebody. Amen. That will yield themselves to his word and let him flow through them. Amen. He needs partnership with man. God comes and Moses is uh I can't do it. He says, 'It'll be fine. You'll come back here. There's your consolation. I've given you a guarantee you're going to come back here. That wasn't enough. God's guarantee wasn't enough for Moses. He says, "When they'll ask me," what's your name? And I don't know what to tell them. He says, "Well, tell them this." Then he says, "But but yet they'll not believe me no matter what I say." He says, "Here's two signs." Amen. Can you imagine why was the anger of the Lord kindled against Moses? Because God told Moses to drop a stick and it became a serpent and to pick it up and it became a rod. Who can do that? That wasn't Moses. Moses had no power to change the form of that rod. And Moses had no power to change it back. Who was that? That was God. He told him to stick his hand in his bosom, pull it out, it was leprosy. Put it in again, it was healed. Who did that? That wasn't Moses. That was God. Amen. But then when he was done, Moses still said, "But I'm not eloquent in speech. I can't do it." God said, "Who made a tongue? Who made an ear? Who made anything? Go. I'll be with you." And he says, "God, send somebody else." And the anger of the Lord was kindled. And you think about this whole dialogue. It's so interesting to me. I love the Bible. I love how real and raw and true and straight the Bible is. When you look at this dialogue, you realize God had no other option. I mean, that's hard for us as human beings to imagine, but Moses was born a proper child. He was born under a sign. He was born to be the deliverer. He was predestinated for this job. God was not going to change his mind. Amen. He foresaw this before the foundation of the world. He predestinated Moses and he had Moses born under a sign. He had Moses hid for three months. He had Moses put in in the in the ark of bull rushes and sent down saved by Pharaoh's daughter. Why? Because Moses is some super special human. No. Because Moses is going to be God's partner. And God's looking after his partner. Cuz he predestinated Moses. And so God now now going down the Nile with all the crocodiles in a little old wicker basket. Amen. Floating down there. God watches over and preserves him and makes sure no brushes the crocodiles away. That's right. And then floats him right up to the feet of Pharaoh's daughter. And she takes him and her heart melts. She adopts him. And then he and then God makes sure that Moses sister Miriam's there and suggests a a wet nurse. And that happens to be Moses's mother. So Moses's mother, Amen, nurse, listen, God had no other option. God had no plan B. God couldn't say, "Moses, I'm a little bit tired of your attitude. You're done. I'm getting another one." And if you're part of God's predestinated plan, he can't do that to you either. We mess up. We fail. We get it wrong. We go in circles sometimes around the same stump over and over. We get discouraged. We get depressed. We're doing good. we're doing bad. All of those things. Amen. But God can't change his mind about his predestinated children. And he can't pick somebody else. That's right. And God, listen, this is the partnership. This is what starts working on my heart in this partnership. God is going to bring a deliverance. Amen. That's right. God is going to perform miracles. God is going to bring plagues. God gave Moses two signs. The rod into a serpent and the hand. That was all God. Amen. But Moses had to take the rod to Egypt. Yeah. God couldn't carry that stick to Egypt. Only Moses could. Moses couldn't turn it into a serpent. He couldn't make it come back to a stick. That was God. But God needed somebody to carry the sign to Egypt. And he predestinated Moses for that job. This is partnership with God. There's a part that only God can do. And there was a part that only Moses could do. Amen. Moses had to go. Moses had to go to Pharaoh's court. Moses had to say what the Lord told him to say. God brought the plagues. Moses spoke the words. Amen. God brought the sign. Moses dropped the rod. Yeah. That's right. And it was Moses that had to take it back up again. It was Moses that had to put his hand into his bosom and pull it out and do it again. That was Moses' part. It was God who changed it lepros and God who made it clean again. Brother Brandon makes a statement. I'm going to try to find it. Just bear. This is not a touch screen. You always feel right real bright when you tap on a screen that's not a touch screen. And you just keep tapping on it like something's not working. And it gets even worse when you start blaming the computer and talking about how these things never work right. Let's look at this quote together. My new ministry. Now you say, "Well, if if he knows it, then why are you preaching?" said that's part of God's program. Preaching is his program. When he looked upon the apostles, he looked upon the harvest. He said, 'The harvest is ripe and the labors are few. Pray the Lord of the harvest that he will send labors into his harvest. How many remember that? Well, why would they have to pray to the Lord of the harvest to send laborers into his harvest? If the Lord of the harvest was standing there knowing it would be done, why? God has so arranged it. Now, listen to this. God has so arranged it that his program cannot move without you and I. And as long as we're not doing what God leads us to do, we're paralyzing his program. Amen. But when the church moves by the anointing of the Holy Ghost, then we're in God's will doing his program. Amen. We think God can just do anything he wants. But God has set his program up in a way. That's right. That he chose to work through man. Amen. That's God's program. And God is not going to violate his own program. So, he's got to have man to work through because God put himself on partnership with man. And God made man his co-worker in redemption. Amen. Let's see if we can go back now. We successfully made it over to another slide. And let's see if we can successfully make it back. Amen. Let's look at this scripture to it that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Brother Rem says in the message total deliverance, he says Jesus was completely totally man. He could cry like a man. He could eat like a man. He could be tired like a man. He was completely totally man in his physical being. And in his spirit, he was completely totally God. See, he made his flesh submissive to the spirit that was in him. You see, he was tempted in all manners like we are. He was a man, not an angel. He was a man. He had desires and temptations just like we do. The Bible said he did. He was a man, not an angel above temptation. Hebrews 1 said that. said that he was Hebrews 1:4 said he was made lower than the angels. He was a man, completely man. That God took a complete man to bring total deliverance and he filled him with his spirit. The Holy Ghost was in him without measure. And he was tempted like we were. And he was completely God. He proved it when he raised the dead. When he stopped nature, the roaring seas and the mighty winds, when he spoke to the trees and so forth, they obeyed him. He was God inside. And he could have been man. and and he could have been man for he was man but he totally and completely delivered himself as a man into the hands of God for the service of God and he is our example. So there's our example Jesus the perfect man. He was brother Bam said completely man. Amen. But then he says he was completely God. Praise the Lord. Yeah, he he was so good at being a man. When he says, "My my father is God," they wanted to take up stones and stone him because they say, "You being a man, make yourself God." He was so good at being a man, they couldn't see God. All they could see was a man. He was that good at being a man. It was God in the form of his son. It was God. Amen. In flesh, but he was so good at being a man that he was completely man. Jesus was more like you and me than we think. Amen. That's right. Amen. The only difference was hybridization. Yeah, that's right. He wasn't born with a hybrid nature. That's right. But he was man like you and I are man. Amen. Listen, Jesus got hungry. There's a lot of things about Jesus we don't think about. It said after he fasted 40 days, he was hungered. Jesus, his stomach rumbled with hunger pains. Amen. He got tired and he needed to sleep. Amen. He got disappointed. Amen. He got frustrated. Yes. With his disciples. And guess how many? When they had no faith. He got angry. He wept at Lazarus's tomb. He had compassion. He was completely man. Listen, I started I started asking myself questions and at first it was just it was it felt strange. Did Jesus ever sweat? Yes. Did he have to take a bath? Yes. Did he have to clean his teeth? Yes. When he woke up in the morning, was his hair ever a mess? Did the disciples ever seen him messed up? Yes. We know he had dirty feet. Amen. That needed washed. So he wasn't this angelic form like like an apparation just moving. He was a human being. He got hungry like you get hungry. He gets sad like you got sad. He got angry like you get angry. He got frustrated like you get frustrated. He got disappointed in his disciples. Amen. He learned obedience by the things he suffered. He grew in stature with God and with man. He was a man. That's right. He was more like you than you think. That's right. He got so tired he had to rest. He got overworked and had to go to the wilderness and separate. Amen. And this is what God wanted. This is how God always wanted to be expressed. God wanted to become man. God. When God wanted to become man, he became Jesus Christ. Is that true? God wanted to live in flesh on the earth with his family. God wanted to become a man. Amen. and have messed up hair and have to brush it in the morning and have dirty feet and have to take a bath and get hungry and have to sleep. Do you understand? Jesus was our example. He was a man. He lived a human life, but he lived a human life. So he surrendered to the spirit of God in him. So that God, Amen, was in partnership with Jesus Christ manifesting himself to the world and he became our example. That's what God wants to do. The only difference between him and I is he was born he was born perfect. I was born imperfect and he had the spirit without measure. I've only been given a measure. But other than that, it's so similar. It's shocking. Amen. God wants to live in flesh. He came in flesh as Jesus Christ to became one of us to become a brother because his whole plan was to dwell in flesh upon the earth as a family of God in fellowship. And he loved that fellowship so much that when Jesus Christ come to the garden of Gethsemane, the the the the agony he was in and the trouble and the squeeze he was under because he came to a wire in the road and he had to make a decision and that decision was would he take the sins of the world what God wanted him to do or would he stay with his beloved disciples what he wanted to do. Right? So that means Jesus could have a will or a desire that had to be submitted to the perfect plan of God. Amen. Is that what the prophet teaches us? Amen. And so he had a will and he had a desire that he had to die to and he had to give up and he had to surrender to the perfect will of the father. Amen. And this put him in such agony because as a man as God in flesh, he so loved the fellowship of his disciples. When it came down to parting with them, he could hardly part from them. He could hardly leave them. This is why he was in agony in the garden of Gethsemane because it was either leave them or take the sins of the world and go to Calvary. And he wanted to stay with them. He didn't want to part with his beloved disciples. He was loving the fellowship upon the earth. But the only way to preserve it in perfection and bring it back to Eden is he had to choose God's way and give his life and die and pay the price of redemption. Amen. So that he could come back and dwell in his disciples, not just with them. You know what this means? God wanted to be human. That's right. Amen. Can we say that? God wanted to be human. That's right. But he didn't want to stop with Jesus. Amen. God wants to live in you. Listen, if I could say it like this, all I can do is share with you what's in my heart. But this message is so simple. That's right. But it's so deep. It's so profound. It's so shocking. It's so unbelievable. It's so true. Amen. It's so simple. God wants to share your life. Yes. Praise God. That's what God wants. He wants to dwell in you, walk with you, fellowship with you. He wants to become one with you. Amen. God wants to share his life with you and he wants to share your life with you. Amen. Because he wants to be human. Amen. I know it's shocking, but it's what the prophet taught us. That's right. Amen. It's what we've been taught. God wants to come and be tabernacled in you. Amen. To where you become the temple of the Holy Ghost. That's right. To where the church becomes the habitation of God. This is what Paul taught us. God put himself on partnership with man as co-workers with man. God wants to be expressed in flesh. Jesus was the perfect expression of God in flesh. Amen. But that wasn't the only expression of God in flesh because now he wants to be flesh fleshed out in a many membered bride. Christ in you. The hope of glory. Brother Vanham says this and I find this quote amazing. Now in Christ dwelt the fullness of the godhead bodily. He had all the spirit of God in him. I and my father are one. Jesus said that's the reason the people couldn't understand him. Sometimes he'd say something might look like he turned around and said something different. It was him speaking then the father speaking. Yes. Amen. And even the disciples could not understand him. And right at the last they said, "Lo, now speakest thou plainly. Now we believe by this. If you know all things, no man need teach you." Jesus said, "Do you believe now?" After all the time, they couldn't get it. Why? That sometimes he'd say this and then say that. It was him and the father speaking. Amen. Sometimes it was Jesus the man and sometimes it was the father speaking through the man. And even the disciples couldn't figure out Jesus. Amen. Amen. What the prophet taught us absolutely destroys religion. That's right. Amen. Destroys religion. Because religion puts God far away and puts you on a difficult path to get to God. That's what religion does. moves God fars away and puts you on a difficult road to get to God. But what the message did is taken the veil away and show what God always wanted was to dwell with you. God, what God wants to do is share your life with you. He wants to live in you, walk in you, fellowship with you, talk with you, share your life with you. Amen. Brother Benham said God wants to be manifest in you. He says, "How are you going to do it? Call him down from heaven?" He said, "No, he's in you." He said, "If I can just get myself out of the way, he can come and do things that William Brenham's never even thought of." So, Brother Bram said, "If I can get myself out of the way, God can come and do things with me out of the way." All right, we got this concept. So now that's you and I. If we can get ourselves out of the way, God can do something that we never thought of. So if I get myself out of the way, who is God going to use to do the thing I've never thought of? He's going to use me. So he doesn't need me, but he needs me. So when I get out of the way, he can use me to do what I can't do. He can do, but he can't do it without me. So he's going to do it through me, but he doesn't want me. So when I can get rid of me, then he can use me. You see why we're a walking paradox. You see why sometimes we don't understand ourselves. You see why sometimes it's our thought. Sometimes it's God's thought and sometimes we don't know. Was that of the Lord or was that of me? Amen. It's the same thing. It's always been the same thing. Brother Bam said, "I don't even understand myself." He has a thought. Brother Bam tells us. He's so honest with us. He says, "No, I I thought that." I thought, "Well," he heard a voice. He said, "Well, that might just be me." Yeah. And it was God speaking to him in a storm in Colorado to come back and do the storm. And he said, "That might have just been me." And so he had to wait and he had to make sure. Why? Because he was a man and God was dwelling in the man and using the man. And sometimes it was the man and sometimes it was God. Brother Random comes through the pullpit and he and he makes a statement about Martin Luther King Jr. and he talks about I he's going to lead a million of those people to death. Amen. That week in the in the grocery store, one of the sisters in the church goes up to brother Bam said, "Brother Bam, that's so sad. All those poor, precious black people are going to be killed like that." Brother Brandham comes back the next Sunday and he said, "Listen, I said that." He said, "Now, that's just my opinion." That's what he said. He goes, "God never told me that. I don't know that that's true. That's just my opinion." And then he says, "You have to know when it's the Lord and you have to know when it's me." And then I said, 'Well, how in the world am I going to do that? Seems unfair. But Brother Benham's giving us a principle. He's showing us that listen, he was a human being. He was a sinborn flawed man who could get the wrong thought, the wrong idea, go in the wrong direction, make the wrong decision. And he did. Yeah, but he was also the vessel that God was going to manifest his word for. He was also the word made flesh. He was also on partnership with God. He was also the final voice. Amen. In the final age, he was he was the seventh angel, the last angel's message. Amen. He was the one that God was going to use to finish out the church ages. You saying he was the seventh angel? He was the seventh angel. But brother Benham said Christ was the seventh angel. That's right. Amen. He said he was the messenger to the church age. Amen. So who was the messenger of the church age? Christ or William Brandham? And the answer is yes. It was Christ in William Brandham. Listen, when brother Brandham told us who the other six messengers were, he didn't he didn't go and say, "Okay, the first messenger, that's Christ." No, he said Paul. But it was Christ and Paul. Paul was on partnership. Remember Paul, Amen, was persecuting the church. He was running them into prison. He was scattering them all over. Amen. He was wreaking havoc on the church of God. That's what the Bible says. He was wreaking havoc on the church of God. And then one day, God was going to interrupt his plan because God had a plan for Saul. Yes. He was part of his predestinated plan. He was going to be part of the program. And no matter what he was doing now, didn't change what God had already foresaw. That's right. Then he comes to Ananas and he says, "I I want you to go to Paul first." He smites him down on the road to Damascus and he gives him a tremendous revelation. He said, "Why are you persecuting me?" And he said, "Uh, who are you, Lord?" He's looking at a pillar of fire, not a human body. He's looking at a pillar of fire. And the pillar of fire speaks and said, "Why do you persecute me?" He said, "Who are you, Lord?" He said, "I'm Jesus whom you persecute." Who was he persecuting? He was persecuting the church of Jesus. So when he was persecuting the church, Jesus says, "That's who I am. I am those people. They're on partnership with me. When you haul them to prison, you're taking me to prison." When you persecute them, you persecute me. Because I'm dwelling in them. So then he smitt and blind. Ananas has to come to him. And Ananas said, "How, Lord? How how can we do this? Don't you know?" I love when people says that. You know, he didn't say, "Don't you know," but he says, "I've heard many things about this Saul, how he's done this and this." Like he's teaching God something. And God says, "He's a chosen vessel." Hallelujah. He's a chosen vessel. And I've already decided what works he's going to do. He's going to take this light and he's going to shine it to the Gentiles and to kings. Amen. He comes and he gives him the commission and sends him off. You know what Paul says of himself? He said, "I am a light to the Gentiles." That's a prophecy out of Isaiah. You know who that prophecy applies to? Jesus Christ. But Paul said, Paul didn't say Jesus is. He said, "I am." Well, who's the eye? Was it the man or was it Christ in the man? God is on partnership with man. The message didn't go to the Gentiles until Paul carried it to the Gentiles. Paul had to stand. Paul had to open his mouth. Paul had to speak. Paul had to be willing to be stoned. And Paul, after he was stoned, had to get up. And Paul had to make the choice to walk back in again. Amen. That was Paul's part. All the supernatural, all the revelation, all the truth that was revealed, that was God's part. But Paul, Paul had to get on a boat. He had to brave storms. Paul had to get seasick. Paul had to walk. Paul had to stand. Paul had to talk. God supplied the anointing. God supplied the words. God supplied the revelation. God supplied the supernatural. But Paul had to carry it to the people. Praise God. Jesus says this, "Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? The words that I speak unto you, I speak not of myself, but the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. Amen. Jesus never took credit for the works. He said it was the father that dwells in him. But what did the apostle say? The apostle says Jesus Christ went about doing miracles. Who was it? It was God in a body of flesh. Amen. Let's look at this quote together. Souls that are in prison. He says, "So therefore, he has partnershipped, you see, and taken this man earthly and this eternal spirit and put it together because God reflected himself back in that that he became a man when he became Christ Jesus." And he was God. See, God was in Christ that see lived in him reconciling the world to himself. And through that perfect man, each one of us imperfect that believe in God and has accepted that becomes the perfection of him. Amen. He has partnershipped. He's taken man earthly and his eternal spirit and now he's put it together in partnership. I want to look at the Virgin Mary. Luke 1:26. And in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God into a city of Galilee named Nazareth, to a virgin espouseed to a man whose name was Joseph of the house of David. And the virgin's name was Mary. And the angel came in unto her and said, "Hail thou that are highly favored. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women." God comes through Gabriel the angel and he tells Mary, "Listen, you're highly favored." Not because you've done something, right? But because you're chosen, it wasn't Mary's good works that got her this declaration. It wasn't because she was performing on such a level. No, she was highly favored before she did anything because she was part of God's predestinated plan. When God spoke the words through Isaiah that a virgin shall conceive, he already in his mind knew who the virgin was. She was chosen before the foundation of the world. God knew all his works from the beginning. Amen. He knew all that he would do. The works were finished from the beginning. He knew it was going to be Mary. Amen. So he come to Mary and he told her this is time for the prophecy to be fulfilled and it'll be fulfilled in you. A virgin shall conceive. You know her first response is how can this be? I don't know a man. She has a similar response to Moses and her response is I can't do what you're asking me to do. Yeah, you say this is who I am. But h if if I am that, how am I going to do that? And he says, don't worry, the Holy Ghost will overshadow you and the thing that will be formed in you will be the son of the most high. And she says, okay, yeah, I can't do it, but if you do it, that's fine. So, you see the partnership and the free moral agency. God could not violate her choice. He couldn't bring the immaculate conception until she surrendered to it. But she could never produce the word unless God produced it in her. Amen. She had no power, no ability. She couldn't do it. But listen, if her disbelieving the angel's message about her, she would have turned and walked away. And God would never violate his own free moral agency. If she disbelieved, I can't be. I'm not worthy. I don't come up from a special family. You need to listen. Go find the the daughter of the high priest. I can't do it. and turns and walks away. God is not going to force himself on Mary. She has to agree with the word. She has to believe the word and she has to surrender to the word. To me, this is what's so detrimental to the children of God, not accepting what the prophet says about them. Amen. It's hindering the whole program. That's right. Yes, we're weak. Yes, we don't know nothing. Yes, we're incapable. Absolutely. Yes. We're as common as common or below average. Amen. In many cases, we have failed. We have messed up. We have misunderstood. We have done all of the above multiple times. Amen. But that doesn't change the fact if you're part of God's program, you're part of God's program. And if long as we're not doing what the Holy Ghost moves us to do, then we're paralyzing God's program because he's not going to get somebody else to do it. And this is what the prophet says about us. And many of us hear it and hear it and hear it and we walk away feeling like nothing, like we're worthless, like we're no good. Listen, being humble is good. But denying the power of God to do something in your life is wrong. To deny the word access, to deny that he's got the power to make the change is not right. Because God's a gentleman still and he's not going to force himself. He's waiting for somebody to say, "I accept it. Amen. I believe it. Be it unto me according to your word." So Mary now, she's going to enter into this partnership with God. And I love this so much, friends, because God chose to work through man. He does nothing through man. He does what Mary cannot do and he provides a miracle in her womb. He brings the form of a baby as a cell and then Mary has to carry it. Listen, I I'm going to say something. Just bear with me. God didn't carry Jesus. Mary did. Amen. Mary gave her body. Mary got cravings. Mary ate food and the food she ate became Jesus's body. Amen. It was Mary who would lose sleep because she was uncomfortable. Yeah, it was Mary who got to the place where she couldn't roll over at night. It was Mary who would get a stiff kick and have to run to the bathroom. She was a human. This happened in a regular human person, just like you and me. It was Mary who had shortness of breath when she laid down because the baby was compressing her lungs. God was on partnership with man to produce himself on the earth. Amen. Mary had to take the reproach. Mary had to deal with the rumors. Mary had to feel the gaze as she went through the market. Amen. The judgmental gaze. That was her part. Yes. Not God's part. That was her part. Because in a partnership, everybody plays their part. When it came time to deliver, there was a prophecy that Jesus had to be born in Bethlehem. Mary may not have even realized it. Joseph might have been blind to it. So, God did the part Mary couldn't do or didn't know to do. He rearranged the whole government of the world to bring a taxation and a census so that Joseph and Mary at the worst possible time had to go all the way from Nazareth down to Bethlehem. God did that. But God didn't walk to Bethlehem. Mary and Joseph did. God's feet didn't get tired. Mary and Joseph did fulfilling the word. When it came time for the baby to be delivered, God's not the one who pushed. Mary did. God wants to work through human beings. And it's way more simple than we ever thought. Way more real than we ever give credit for. It's not a fairy tale. That's right. It's not a Sunday school book. Amen. It's the reality of giving your flesh for him to live in. Amen. to give your flesh for the word to be made manifest. It's real. It's not a story. It's not a future event. It's partnership with God. and go awake Jesus. He says, "May as they pass through this line and we lay our hands upon them, may they recognize it's just not just going by man, but God and man as one." He's talking about a prayer line. God has come into man and God does nothing apart from man. That's what he does. His work is through man. He made man his partner. Amen. When Jesus stood and looked upon the harvest, he said, 'The harvest is ripe, the labors are few. Pray the Lord of the harvest. And he was the Lord of the harvest. In other words, ask me to do what I know is right to do. But he had connected himself with the disciples. They was the one to ask. Listen, this is amazing to me that Jesus, this whole dialogue, we've talked about it before, but he looks out and sees the need of the people and he says, "Behold, the harvest is white and the harvest, the the crop. Pray to the Lord of the harvest that he'll send labors." Brother Bram said he was the Lord of the harvest. And he saw, but he was teaching them that God does nothing without man. God wasn't going to move until somebody on the earth recognized the need and somebody prayed. And he was teaching them a lesson because Jesus was not going to remain on the earth. He was going to leave. And now the representation of God on the earth was going to be his disciples. And they were the ones who were going to have to see. They were the ones who were going to have to recognize. And they were the ones who were going to have to ask. Jesus said, "It'll come where you're not asking me, but you'll pray directly to the father in my name." Amen. because he has no eyes but yours. He has no ears but yours, no hands but yours, no mouth but yours. Who's supposed to be doing the interceding now? Who's supposed to be doing the praying now? Who's on earth to see what the needs are? Who's supposed to ask now? God's in partnership with man. He's got his agents on the earth and they see the need. They recognize the need. and they start going and asking, "Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I see this need and I'm asking you to meet this need cuz I don't have the power to do it, but I recognize it, God, and it needs to be done. And would you send the power to do it? Would you solve this problem?" Amen. It's not somebody else doing it. It's God's agency on the earth that's doing it now. When Jesus was here, he was doing the praying. When he's gone, it's our job to do the praying. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Because it's him and us. Amen. It's partnership with God. Praise God. Amen. You know what I think it is? It's so much simpler than we thought. That's right. But it's so much heavier than we ever realized. The level of personal responsibility is great, but the truth is so tremendous that it's shocking. We can't go on being children and playing games all the time. We've got to recognize what hour we live in and what partnership with man really is. It's God dwelling in us. In the message desperation, brother Ram said the token is the token. Yes, sir. It's you and Christ as persons together. You and Christ as persons together. That's this great token. Brother said the token couldn't be preached till after the seals. Why? Because the Holy Ghost was bound up by these denominational rivers. But now the token is the literal life of Christ. Now come back into a people. And the token is Christ, you and Christ as persons together. Union, invisible union, unity, partnership, co-workers, Christ in you. He's doing the thing you can't do and you're doing the part he can't do. Like, what do you mean, brother Chad? Listen, I I hope you don't think I'm I'm crazy. I hope it's just sinking in. That Jesus in his earthly form, he's done his job as as Jesus of Nazareth. He's gone. He He's not coming back until he sets up his throne as the kingdom of David in the millennium. Amen. But now he works in and through his people, through his bride. Amen. So if God wants to shine the light of his gospel to the person in the cubicle next to you, how's he going to get there? It's got to be through partnership with you. Amen. You've got to wake up in the morning, brush your teeth, get dressed, go to work, and do a good job so that you can stay there. Because that's where God wants you. Because he's partnershiping with you to shine a light out to those that are around you. Because that's the only way he can do it now is when he does it in you. It's more real. It's more everyday. It's more genuine. It's closer to us than we ever thought. That's right. Amen. It's all around us. It's in us and all over us every moment of the day. This mystery of God is going on all around us. Look in the rising of the sun says, "The true Easter seal has broke death from around me and I'm alive." The Easter seal at the beginning broke the seal of the Roman seal. the Easter seal that that was sealed up and man when they died was gone. But he broke the seal and revealed the secret. And now God by his Holy Spirit has broke the seal from around our lives and Christ is revealed as he lives in us. For now we are quickened with him. Hallelujah. Let this seal be broken. Whatever sealed him from our understanding, let that seal be broken and realize where he is. Amen. The Holy Ghost broke the seal from around our lives and from the around our lives, the veil that hid Christ. And Christ is revealed in us. Amen. Praise God. Mary was on partnership with God. She's the one who delivered Jesus. And I know our minds we can say, "But it was God who helped." Absolutely. It's the same one who helps you deliver your babies. Amen. Amen. But where did Jesus get nourishment when he was three hours old? God didn't send an angel from heaven with a wafer and mana. It wasn't a supernatural way that he was fed. It was a human life. That's right. He had to eat to grow. There's only one thing he could eat. Jesus, God made in the flesh. Jehovah in a manger. How did he get his nourishment? Because he was on partnership with Mary. And Mary had to nurse that baby. Mary had to wash that baby and clothe that baby. Mary taught him to walk. Praise the Lord. What does God want us to do with the word? He wants us to give our life to it. He wants us to nourish it. He wants us to carry it. He wants us to care for it. He wants us to surrender to it. He wants us to give our lives. We keep waiting for supernatural things to happen. Listen, we missing it. The supernatural has happened. He's brought back the word. Amen. The headship has come down. The seals are off. He's done the supernatural. And then he's done the supernatural in your life when he's quickened, the sieging by the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. The supernatural has happened. Quit waiting for the supernatural. Just let him live in the natural because that's where he's dwelling. That's where he's manifesting himself. That's where this word, that's where the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh. When you wake up in the morning and brush your teeth and comb your hair, put on your boots and go to work, the word is becoming flesh and the flesh is becoming word. Amen. As we become his body, living what kind of life? This is why I want to go all the way back to the beginning of the sermon. I want to end where we started. Now you just be real steady. Amen. Something has happened. Prophecy has been fulfilled. Something supernatural is taking place. A monumental shift has happened. Now you just be real steady. And go on as you are. Amen. Don't change nothing. Yes, sir. If he wants you to know anything, he'll reveal it to you. That's right. Amen. If you're supposed to do anything different than what you're doing, he'll reveal it to you. I I've been born again. I I received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. What should I do tomorrow? Brush your teeth. Comb your hair. Put on your boots and go to work. But surely, no. He wants to live in you. He wants to dwell in you. He wants to go to work with you. No way. You mean he wants to go to that factory? You mean he wants to be covered in grease and gr? Yes. God wants to go to work with you. God wants to clean house with you. That's why don't put God far off. Remember what we talked about Wednesday. The fellowship that God desired. God wanted fellowship with man. And the fellowship wasn't complicated fellowship. It wasn't God saying, "Have you understood the molecular makeup of blah blah blah today?" No, we come down in the cool of the evening where his children. He says, "Children, have you enjoyed my creation? Have you enjoyed your day upon the earth today? Listen, you can fold laundry and be in fellowship with God. You can punch out. You can stand at a stamping mill all day long chunk chunk chunk and your mind can be on God and your praise can be in your lips and you can be fellowshipping God all day long. Don't put him somewhere else. Don't put him in the church. Amen. Don't put him in a fellowship or a group or a doctrine. Don't hem him in there. He's in you. He wants to dwell with you. What What is the token? It's you and Christ as persons together. He wants to share your life. He wants to be whatever you are. If you're a mechanic, he wants to be a mechanic. What do you mean? Did not God place that attribute of himself in you? And did he not look for generations over certain ingredients he had to get in you to make the tabernacle just right to express this life inside? And didn't he give you your job? And didn't he give you your talents? And didn't he place you where you're at? Yes, sir. Didn't he call you by this gospel? And didn't he birth you by his own spirit? Amen. Is he as he are you not born again by the spirit of God? Is he not dwelling in you? Then if God made you the way you are and God placed you where you're working and God dwells in you, guess where God wants to go Monday? He wants to go wherever you go. He wants to see whatever you see. He wants to touch whatever you touch. This message came to take the veil off and it came to bring us rest because the whole Christian experience is based on rest. I'm not climbing somewhere. I'm not climbing a ladder to find God. I'm not going through hoops. I'm not trying to memorize doctrine. I'm not. God just wants us to wake up to the fact that he wants to share your life with you and he wants to share his life with you so that you'll realize under the revelation that it's I in you and you and me. Amen. And we stop putting him far away. We stop waiting to pray. We stop waiting for fellowship. and we start becoming what he wants us to be so that we can just be normal. What is what does God want? He wants you to be normal. Amen. I don't mean worldly standards normal. But he made you a human and he wants to live in human flesh and he wants you to be a normal human. I'll ask you this. Do you think Jesus when he was here had a favorite food? Do you think there's something he liked the taste of better than something else? Because God wanted to be in flesh. He wanted to live in flesh. Don't make it, you see, if we make it too supernatural, then we we we distance ourselves so far away from it, we don't realize how close it is. bless. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God tasted food in Jesus Christ. Jesus Jesus may have had a favorite place, a place he liked better than another place. He may have had a preference. He may have had a taste. You understand? He was a human so much more like you and I than we realize. So what does he want us to be? Just be normal. What did God want? Why did he make man? What was the purpose in making humans to begin with? He wanted to dwell on earth in flesh as a family of God in fellowship with one another. And now we've went through a redemption cycle because that fell. But God redeemed it back. And part of the redemption was a sanctification so the Holy Spirit could come so God could work his way back into man again. And he wants to dwell with you. Thank you, Lord. Just let him just say, "Okay, Lord, if that's what you want, I'll sign the contract." Now, listen. before I sign this. You know that I don't have a good memory, right? And you know that I don't fully understand all of the Bible. And you know that I'm weak. And you know that I'm prone to fail. I I just want to make that clear, Lord, before I sign this contract. And you know I can't speak. And and and you you know that I can't remember. And and you know that I I've I've stumbled around a lot. And you know that I'm no good. And I can see God saying, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Know all of it. But if you still want to be in partnership with me and you'll do the part that I can't do, I will do what I can do." I'll sign. The partnership. Are you ready to sign? There's a whole lot of things you can't do, but there's a whole lot of things you can do. You can rub shoulders with the world. Jesus can't anymore. Amen. You can walk into a grocery store. That's right. And your very presence can change the atmosphere. That's right. Amen. You can go to your family gathering and you can dwell there in sweetness. Amen. and mellowess change the atmosphere. You can see the need in your aunt and your uncle and your coworker and you can pray because of your position to God, not their position to God. You can pray, you can worship, you can sing, you can get on a nice suit and tie and come to church and show your support for the gospel. Praise God. There's a lot of things you can't do, but there's a lot of things you can do. You can speak when God moves in your heart to say something to somebody. You can open your mouth and say the words. He'll supply the anointing, but you have to supply the mouth. And he'll never go against your free moral agency. You can always clam up. Amen. But this is partnership with God. That's what God wants to do. He wants to be a co-orker with you in redemption. Are you willing to be his coworker? He already knows you can't do this and you can't do that. So, stop telling him what you can't do. I'm think he's pretty familiar with your cans. Yes, sir. He can take care of all of that. But there's some things you can do that he can no longer do. And he's depending on you and I to do it. So this great huge lesson, the mystery of the seventh seal, the mystery that was kept hid for all these generations revealed. What is it? God wants to share your life. And he wants to live in you, every moment of the day. God wants to commune with you and have fellowship with you, work in you, shine his light through you. Amen. And there's part of this you can't do. Only he can. But there's another part only you can do. Thank you, Lord. I don't know about you, but I'm ready to sign on the dotted line with a little apprehension like Moses had because I know I'm going to mess it up. But if God wants me for a partner, he can have me for a partner. Amen. He He wanted Moses and Moses was a failure. He wanted Saul and Saul was doing all kinds of Saul things. He wanted Peter and Peter, we know how much problems Peter had. God wanted him for a partner. And when they surrendered, God used them. He wanted Mary and she was pretty incapable. Listen, don't look at yourself. Don't look at your capabilities. Don't look at none of that. Look at the promise. What is he telling you? What does he want in this hour? And is there something in you can say, 'Lord, be it unto me according to your word. Lord, help me to surrender to that and help me do what the prophet said at the opening of the seals, at the transition, at the lamb taking the book, at the fullness of redemption coming, the beginning of his claiming ministry, the greatest thing that's happened in the gentile dispensation. And he comes and says, "Just live a humble, just be humble and be a Christian and don't figure anything out. Just go on as you are and don't change nothing. And now at the opening of the seventh seal and the realization of who you really are, what should I do? If you're a farmer, go back to hoing your potatoes. Because that's where God wants to manifest his glory is hoing potatoes. Praise God. Amen. He said it can't be. I say it is. Yes, sir. That's what the prophet said it was, and that's what this Bible says it is. Amen. It's that simple. You know, sometimes the simplest things are the hardest ones to receive. We like formulas and calculations and we like it be super complicated because when you go super complicated and get way out here in some formula, then you realize, well, I can't do that anyway. So then I But when it comes down so simple, you can't dodge it anymore. All we can do is say, "Be it unto me." Hallelujah. according to your word. Amen. Let's all stand together. Musicians, if you could please come, I had a brother, a minister brother, tell me one time, and it and it was a surprise to me the way he said it. He said, "You ever notice how you get on your knees and you pray for God to do something, then you get up and you go do it because you're the answer to the prayer." Many times, you're the vessel he'll use. There's a reason you saw the need. There's a reason you had a burden for it. You know, sometimes you'll be praying for somebody, Lord, just open my the eyes of my loved one. Save them. Do something. Then all of a sudden, the next conversation you have with him, God opens your mouth and starts, man. God wants to use us. We want we want angels to come down and we want lightning bolts to come and supernatural this and supernatural that. But you know what God wants? God wants to be a normal human. Amen. I could I'm just going to share this thought. Just just be patient with me, okay? Not for time, but for what I'm going to say. We want so bad to be supernatural, but God wants to be natural. Amen. We want to be God, but God wants to be you. I think we're climbing too high. And I think in trying to climb too high, we're actually moving away from the program. That's right. God does supernatural all the time, but most of his works just take place in daily life. Our growth, conversions, testimonies, songs, service after service after service. I think maybe we could climb too high and too fast and move right past the thing that God's always wanted. And what he's always wanted was to live in humans. What he's always wanted is to become a family. His attributes in flesh as a family on the earth in fellowship with one another. That's pretty simple. And we want to be supernatural and he wants to be natural. And we want to be God and God wants to manifest in you through everyday life. pretty simple, pretty profound, pretty deep, pretty mesmerizing, somewhat overwhelming. And the sense of responsibility is heavy. But don't worry, you don't do it by yourself. Amen. I'll be with you and in you to the end of the age. Let's bow our heads together and pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you, God. God that you have taken so many veils away from our eyes. Lord, religion has corrupted us and polluted us. It has hid your great mystery and your desire. Lord, it's made things unattainable and unreachable. God, that was the attempt of the enemy. But Lord, you and your graciousness has sent a message to start tearing down all the strongholds of the enemy. That's right. To free our minds from wrong understanding. To give us back the simplicity of the gospel. Yes, sir. Where all you wanted was to come and dwell with your children and ask them how their day was. Yes, sir. where your joy was fellowship with Adam and his wife in the cool of the evening when you asked them how they enjoyed the tiger and the flower and the sunset and the leaves. Oh God, I pray you bring us back to that simplicity. God, the simplicity, Lord, of a teenage girl receiving an immaculate conception and then living it out naturally day by day with cravings, hunger pains, Lord, carrying a baby that's growing within her day by day, natural as natural can be. It was one of the most supernatural, profound things that was happening on the earth and it was taking place so naturally. God, I pray that you would help us, Lord, to not forget this great picture that you've painted for us in the reality of our lives and how we're linked to you and linked to this promise and linked to this hour of manifestation. For God, you've placed an attribute we want in us and and what you want is to bring it to life by your spirit. And you want access to us so that you can live in us so that that attribute of yours can manifest through our flesh. and manifest you to this neighborhood, to this city, to this township, to these places that we live. God, may it be simple to us. May we not complicate it with our own complexes and our own understandings and our own doctrines, but may we come back to the heart of what you want. That you want to dwell in your people and you've made a way in the end time where your full measure can be poured back into a people on this earth. And that you want that full expression through a many membered body. And you need us to do the natural part. You'll do the supernatural, but you need us to do the natural. Help us, God, to do the natural. We love you. I ask your blessing upon this congregation. I ask your blessing upon the mothers, Lord, that are here. May you give them inspiration for you're expressing yourself in everyday life as a mother, nursing, nurturing, caring for. That's you, Lord. That's you behind the veil of flesh demonstrating that you're El Shadai. God, may it not be too complicated. May be as simple as changing a diaper and feeding a baby and realize that that's you expressing yourself and that sister. May she go from here encouraged, Lord, to manifest her portion to do the natural part and allow you to do the supernatural part. God, may you bless every father. May he be Jehovah Gyra to his family. Lord, bless every individual. May they become your legs, your arms, your feet, your mouth, your eyes, and the naturalness of life. May it be you behind the veil, living the life you always wanted to live on this earth. And may you do it in us. We love you, God. We ask that you would bless us and help us. And may the reality of these things, the truth of it, Lord, hit deep within us. And may all Lord the constraints that's been on us fall away and everything we've picked up by religion of man and man's understanding may it crumble now and become ashes at our feet. And may you give us freedom and liberty to come into this rest to realize how simple, how normal, how average you want us to live. That's right. We love you, God, and we ask for your blessings over all these things. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand secure and carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word. Oh Lord, be it unto me. Oh, be it unto me according to thy word, according to your promises. I can stand secure. Oh, carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free. Oh, according to your word, oh Lord, lead it unto me. Oh, thank [Music] you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. And though I can't repay yet from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. Oh, thank you, Jesus. [Music] Oh, for the things that you have brought me through. Though I can't repay from my heart, I like to say that I I thank you. Oh, sing that verse again. Oh, thank you Jesus for the things that you have brought me through. No, I can't repay all my heart. I'd like to say that I thank you. Little by little, I'm changing and I'm growing little by little. And I know that it's showing. And I'm not who I'll be. And I'm not who I was. I'm somewhere in the middle. And God is changing me little by little. Oh, little by little, I'm changing and I'm growing. Little by little. And I know that it's showing. And I'm not who I And I'm not who I was. I'm somewhere in the middle. For God is changing me little by little. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
