################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - 250507 - Chad Lamb: Fellowship - Chad Lamb - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   250507 - Chad Lamb: Fellowship
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95aSmtQQ3gA
========================================

Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring the Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Once a sinner far from Jesus, I was perishing with cold. But the blessed savior heard me when I cried. Then he threw his robe around me and he led me to his f and I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring the savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Though the world may sweep around me with her dazzle and her dreams, yet I envy not her vanities and pride. For my soul looks up to heaven where the golden sunlight leaps. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah robe help me ring the savior's praises far and wide. Open up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Not for all her scolding millions would I leave this precious place. Though the tempter to persuade me off has tried. For I'm safe in God's pavilion, happy in his love and grace. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let hallelujah ro. Help me ring the savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul and I'm living on the hallelujah side. Well, here the sun is always shining. Here the sky is always bright. There's no place for gloomy Christians to abide. For my soul is filled with music and my heart with great delight. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah's roar. Help me ring the Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. And upon the streets of glory when we reach the other shore. And I've safely crossed the Jordan's rolling tide. You will find me shouting glory just outside my mansion door where I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring the savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. I'm living on the hallelujah side. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. I believe the true report. Well, I believe the true report. Hallelujah to the lamb. I have passed the outer court. Oh, glory be to God. I'm all on Jesus side on the altar. Sanctified to the world in sin I've died. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelu. Hallelu. I have passed the ribbon veil where the glories never fade. Hallelu. Hallelu. I'm living in the presence of the king. I'm a king and priest to God. Hallelujah to the lamb by the cleansing of the blood. Oh, glory be to God by the spirit's power and light. I am living day and night in the holiest place so bright. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And pass the ribbon veil where the glories never fade. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm living in the presence of the king. Till I have pass the outer veil. Hallelujah to the lamb which did once God's light concealed. Oh, glory be to God. But the blood has brought me in to God's holiness so clean. Where there's death to self and sin. Hallelujah to the lame. Hallelu. Hallelu. I pass the ribbon veil where the glories never fade. Hallelujah. Hallelu. I'm living in the presence of the king. I'm within the holiest veil. Hallelujah to the lamb. I have passed the inner veil. Oh, glory be to God. I'm sanctified to God by the power of the blood. Now the Lord is my abote. Hallelujah to the land. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. I've passed the ribbon veil where the glories never fade. Hallelu. Hallelu. I'm living in the presence of the King once more. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. I've passed the ribbon veil where the glories never fade. Hallelujah. Yeah. Hallelujah. I'm living in the presence of the king. Once my heart and soul were fed. By the binding chains of sin. [Music] But the great [Music] emancipator set me free to worship him. We're singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. His holy name. He the great emancipator. That's the song of the redeemed. Well, like a lost lamb, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone and alone. But the seeking sheer found me. Send me to my father's home. We're singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. His holy name. [Music] He's the great [Music] [Laughter] emanipator. That's the song of the redeemed. We're singing. We're singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. His holy name. He the great antipator. That's the song of the redeemer. Read it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. [Music] I can stand secure, carve upon my heart, the truth that sets me free according to your word, oh Lord, be it unto me. Lead unto me according to your word, according to your promises I can stand secure. Mark upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word. Oh Lord, be it unto me once more. Be unto me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand secure. [Music] carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word. Oh Lord, be it to me. Would you stand with me this evening? Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me faithfully and I will give you perfect peace. [Music] Sweet release, if you'll just keep your mind stay on me. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me. faithfully and I will give you perfect peace. Sweet release. If you'll just keep your mind stay on me one more time. Keep your mind. Stay on me. Stay on me. Faithfully. And I will give you perfect peace. Sweet release if you just keep your mind stay on. Let's go to the key of F as brother Chad comes for for the Lord is good and his love endures [Music] forever more. [Music] Oh, for the Lord is good and his love endures forever more. And Lord, Lord, you've been so [Music] good and your love endures forever more. [Music] Lord, Lord, you've been so good to me and your love endures forever more. And Lord, Lord, you've been so good and your love endures forever more. Oh Lord, Lord, you've been so good to me and your love endures forever more. Amen. God bless you all tonight. It's certainly good to be back. It's good to see each of your faces. Amen. If we could bow our heads together this evening. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Father, to be together once again. So thankful to be back in this place, Lord. Gathered together with these saints, Lord. And I pray that you'd bless us this evening as we share, Lord, the things we've seen and heard and share your word. I pray that you would watch over us, Lord. Guard our lips to speak only your word and only what you'd have us to say. And through it all, Lord, may you be praised and your people be blessed. May we leave here, Lord, having been lifted up, Lord, and encouraged, instructed. And Lord, we love you and we thank you for this opportunity. And may it never grow old. May we never take it for granted. But may we always appreciate what you have given us, Lord, in this fellowship. We love you and we ask your blessings in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And you can all be seated for just a few minutes. Amen. I am so happy to be home. Amen. And I'm still suffering with a little bit of jet lag. So, Amen. Thank you, musicians. God bless you all. I I'm So, you're going to have to just keep me awake tonight. Amen. Amen. I don't know if a preacher's ever fallen asleep while preaching, but we'll we'll see. Amen. But before we get into anything else, I want to I'd like to begin this evening with a very very very special announcement. I'd like to announce an engagement. Our brother Wesley Godfrey got engaged while I was gone. Brother Wesley, can you stand? He got engaged to Sister Anne Gibbs. Wesley, can you stand up? Amen. God bless you, brother. Amen. So happy for Brother Wesley and Sister Anne Gibbs. She lives in Connecticut and uh uh many of you know Elijah Gibbs as would be uh his niece. So next time she comes, we'll make him stand proper. Amen. So, I'm sure she'll be back for a visit soon. So, we're happy for them. They're looking to the fall uh for their wedding. So, we'll probably have a date soon to be able to let you know. But, I'm excited for that. Also, we got another wedding coming up on Saturday. So, we're really happy for Brother Alex Barton and Sister Amy Preston. Amen. You can see we got the wedding curtains up and so we're we're getting ready. uh just appreciate and thankful for everybody's helping out and really uh happy for the Bartram families and the Preston family and and excited for them for this Saturday and appreciate everybody who's helping them and everybody who will help them make this a special occasion because of the wedding here. We won't be having the prayer time this Saturday. So prayer time will be cancelled this Saturday. So super happy for them. So I'm glad they waited till I got back before they got married. So that was good. Amen. Well, you all have had a wonderful time while I was gone. I got to catch up on most of the services. So, we appreciate the brothers here who are ministering. Appreciate Brother Ron Garvin and uh Brother Gabe for taking the Wednesday nights. And then Brother Burley Williams for coming up and taking the service for us and especially for brother Emanuel coming in. That was so nice. He's the only service his is the only I haven't watched yet. So hopefully I'll get to watch it tomorrow. But I was blessed by the word and I enjoyed the services myself. And uh and I had a special treat because I got home Monday about 4:15 and who should pull in my driveway at 4:30 but brother Emanuel to come visit me. So the first person I got to visit besides my wife was brother Emanuel. So he stopped by the house. He and sister Mingi. So we got to see them before they headed back. So we're just really really thankful for that opportunity to visit him. And so hopefully he can come back sometime when I'm not away and we can have a proper fellowship. We just got to visit for a few minutes, but uh he headed back yesterday back to uh Washington. Amen. Also, I'd like to welcome Sister Susan Eckles. Sister Susan sitting here uh right here uh in the one two third fifth row. God bless you, Sister Susan. Raise your hand. Sister Susan Eckles moved in while I was away. Amen. She had a desire to be part of the fellowship. She had prayed and felt led of the Lord to come. She's from moving here from uh Denver, Colorado. She sold her house, sold everything, moved here, and so God bless you, Sister Susan. It's good to see you. Welcome. Amen. So, a lot happens. Amen. A lot's happening, but we want to make her feel welcome and and also God bless you, Sister Marty. It's good to have you here and we know you're here to help out for the wedding and see your nephew get married, but it's good to have you here as well. Amen. God is good. Uh let's open our Bibles and let's stand together. Let's open to Proverbs. I'm going to have the brothers who went with me to come on up. If you guys can come on up, I'm going to have each of them share a testimony uh from the trip, their own personal testimony, so they can join us here on the platform. They're super excited about this. They've been looking forward to it since I asked them and they can't wait as you all could imagine. And I didn't ask them if they wanted to. I just told them they were cuz there's no point in asking. You know, I know what the answer will be. So, Proverbs 25 verse 25. Proverbs 25:25. as cold waters to a thirsty soul. So is good news from a far country. So hopefully we can bring you some good news from a far country today. You can have your seats. Amen. So I just want to say it was a privilege to be able to uh travel with these three young men. We had a nice trip there. We had always there's always some adventures, but we we were able to go and then they were very faithful. They stayed right with me. As soon as we got there, they disappeared and I didn't see them again till it was time to go. So, they made piles of friends and they had a good time. And so, we're going to let each of them take a take a little bit of time here and share with you their own testimonies of what they saw and heard and what the Lord did for them personally. And then I'll come up and cap it off and share a little bit out of the word. Amen. So, let's make it easy for them. Smile at them and nod your head and because you know they're super excited. All right, Josh, why don't you come up here first? Oh my, it's good to be home. And uh I I didn't want to think about it because I didn't want to be nervous. And uh so I don't have anything wrote down, but I figured I went through it. I experienced it. And uh it was all a very fond memory. Um I'm going to, you know, cherish for forever. But um well, we got there um and we went with Nathan and he took us out to eat and there's something about uh their hospitality in Europe and I think they were trying to fatten us up. I don't I don't know. But um they fed us and then we went to the the house and then they fed us some more and then we went to brother Nathan's after another couple hours and his wife had a whole spread for us and so they just fed us and fed us and it's hard to complain with such good food. Uh that and then the the coffee was amazing. So in between food you had coffee and a dessert. So uh but you know that was just natural food but the spiritual food as well. um just to see the people and the expectation that they had and they came you know from the different countries uh and they traveled hours um some you know from the other side of Poland even it was 5h hour drive and then there was you know the ones from England brother uh Simon Abbott and his family you know they came 10 hours or more I believe it was it was quite a trip but you know just the expectation the people coming and it was it was wonderful to see and you know the services they they benefited greatly from y'all's prayer players as well. Um, and you know, it it wouldn't it wasn't just from one one person um or anything from us. It was uh each one having had a part in it even from home. And uh but yeah, like you said, we met many people. Um it was it was a lot of fun getting to meet people and the I guess for me the one thing that was the sad part about the trip is the language barrier and there was a few people I couldn't talk to. So I you know I love talking to people and just getting to know them. Um and uh you know there was there was times when it was just you know one day we'll get a talk and there won't be a language barrier and it'll just be fellowship forever. Uh but but yeah and then we we ended up taking a trip to Ashitz. I'm going to steal all their all their inspiration. CM has it all wrote out and he probably I'm probably walking on it but it was good because the spies the spies when they went into Canaan land I don't believe that they all had different stories. They probably brought the same same Joshua and Caleb probably brought the same the same news of the grapes and and the fruit. So, you know, they can bring it the same thing, too. But, uh, but it was wonderful just getting to know everybody and to see the Oshwitz, Brother Yatsk had, uh, had had paid for us to go. So, we really appreciated brother Yatik doing that. And, um, it was it was an experience and it was good to see while we were there. And, uh, but yeah, other than that, it was it's good to be home. The flights were long, but they were good. the God guide the guide the guided the the ship. So, uh it's but it's good to be home and I'm going to let somebody else take a turn. Well, God bless you, brothers and sisters. Like Josh said, it's good to be home. I am not comfortable up here by any means. Um but it's still good to see you all. Um the trip was absolutely wonderful. We had a wonderful time. It was it was such a privilege and such a blessing to be able to go to see the believers over there and and uh especially brother Nathan that when he came and and visited us and uh you know when when someone comes that quick and you get to spend a little bit of time with them and then being able to go over there and we spent a week with him and we we stayed at his house for several nights and boy really drew close to him really uh really bonded with him and found a real friend in him and had a a lot of fellowship around around the things of God and also with music, being a musician and uh he was just such an encouragement to me, a blessing to me. Um so uh God bless him. Uh I believe brother Cornelius is awake right now streaming. God bless you. Uh you're a trooper. We we we love and appreciate him. We got to spend some time with him as well. We were hoping to surprise him and we didn't get to do that. He uh he live streams about everywhere on the planet and uh we uh we didn't get to surprise him but uh it was still a wonderful time to see him and we met so many uh of the believers of brother Nathan's family and uh and uh so many of the other believers you would see on the camera. It was uh it was a life-changing moment when when you run up there and see them all. It uh it was like family. they uh it's like we always knew them. And it's one thing when you know a believer would go and and you hear their testimony coming back and they say, "Oh, it's like family." But when you experience it yourself, when you experience the love of God projected through somebody else, to you personally, uh that was it was overwhelming and uh it was it made it so real to me personally. Um the services were such a blessing and uh God bless brother Chad. So many services. Uh it was it was a real privilege to be able to go with him to see you know what that's like at least the times we saw you. And uh we did uh we it was few and far between. Uh but uh we we still uh we were still blessed by him and brother Andreas for the services. We were there in the midweek service. We got to go to a an assembly there and meet some believers there. Uh we met brothers and sisters from other countries, not just Poland, and made friends with them. We got all their numbers and and uh so it was it was a wonderful time. Uh so blessed so blessed to have gone. Uh definitely a life-changing experience. Um and uh I don't know what else to say. It was it was such a blessing and uh so privileged to have gone. And uh if you ever get to go, do it. Be a blessing. It's it's you'll be a blessing just going. You know, we they kept saying, "Oh, you're such a blessing. You're such a blessing." And we didn't do anything. We were just there just smiling and and enjoying their fellowship. But it was a blessing to them. And it's just a blessing to be able to meet those brothers and sisters on this side. So God bless you all. Hello brothers and sisters. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Uh I thought about doing this all in Polish but um I decided not to. I probably would have ran out of words pretty quick, but um I just want to start off um by there's so many people that said that bring greetings. There's so many that all over the place. I don't even want to start naming them. Just so many people said they love you, they appreciate you, they're praying for you. It's just wonderful to hear that from the other side of the world. And this is the first time overseas for us three boys. And it was amazing. It was so smooth. Um brother Chad told us before, he's like Poland's probably the best place he could have chose. There's not going to be any roughing it at all. It was going to be pretty easy. And I can say there was no roughing it at all. This is probably the hardest thing there was. Um but but like like Josiah and and Josh were saying, just meeting those those saints over there was just absolutely incredible. These are ones that you you see on the screen so many times through music, through their services. And I just remember one vivid memory. I remember Nathan, he's taking us to the church for the first time to go help um take down some equipment to prepare for the camp, help the brothers out that were there. We get into the sanctuary and no one's there and we're like, "Where's everybody at?" He's like, "Wait, I know they're all upstairs drinking coffee right now, taking a break." So, so we all went upstairs and it was just amazing. We get to the top and 10 brothers come running after us, shaking our hands, hugging us, and it's just, it was so surreal to be talking to these brothers in flesh that you see on the screen so many times. It was just so so amazing. And I just everybody there is just so precious, so so nice. And um and like Josh was saying, food was phenomenal. It was it was it was so good. And like they just stuffed us. Like I I could not eat anymore. I was like I was I can't do this. But it was amazing food. The Lord blessed us with amazing weather too. It was just always sunny. It was in the 70s about the whole time. It was just wonderful. And um the meetings the meetings were incredible. I I just I can't even explain it. I know I went with a few things on my heart just to just to um for the Lord to become so much more real to me personally, him to become so much more alive to me personally. And I just I brought my cup and the Lord filled it and he just kept pouring just overflowing. It was just it was so amazing and and the Lord's so good and and just unveiling that mystery that's inside me telling me who I am. And I just sat there and just and just it was so amazing. Just all I could say was what amazing grace that he came my way. It was just it was so so so amazing. And I just thank the Lord so much for that. And um I just I remember I remember running to brother Cornelius afterwards and I just like shook him. I was like I'm touching the mystery unfolded in an earthn vessel. I was like shook him. I was like, "Oh my goodness, this is so amazing." And it just we just rejoiced in it. It was just the meetings were just so precious. I'm going to remember them forever. But I just want to thank brother Chad for letting me go, allowing me to go. It was wonderful. and my fellow companions, traveling companions. They were amazing. I thank everyone in Poland, Brother Yatik. I appreciate them a lot for hosting the meetings and doing all that. And then also a special a special thank you to Brother Nathan and Sister Ruth. Their hospitality was amazing. They took care of us so much. Sister Ruth's cooking is amazing. It was just it was absolutely wonderful. And I thank I thank all of you for praying for us. It was uh we really could feel those prayers over there. And I just thank the Lord above all for letting me go on this trip. is so encouraging to me. And well, you'll see a few pictures by the chat will show a handful of pictures, but I think us guys got over like a thousand or something. So, if you want to if you want to see any more, let us know. We'll get together and and we'll we'll look at them. So, God bless you. Amen. You're released. I told them not to go anywhere cuz if they didn't do long enough, I was going to make them come back and do it again. So, they passed the test. Amen. It was a real pleasure to have them along and and um I kept having um people come up to me and tell me uh how blessed they were and thank they kept thanking me for bringing these guys along. I said, "Yeah, it was great." You know, you're welcome. But it wasn't just that they received a blessing, they also were a blessing. And we know what it's like to receive visitors here and it's always a blessing for us. And the, you know, brother Nathan who they stayed with is brother Nathan Mur who's been here twice with brother Yatsik and sang specials for us and we've had some fellowship and so they got to stay with him and and so he's been a blessing to us and you know they felt the blessing in return by having these young men come and visit with them. And I can say it was an amazing time. I'd like to just show you a few pictures before we get into the word and just share with you some things uh that we saw. Um I can't Yeah. So this is I can't see back here. The screen's not working. All right. You can see we were went to Poland. They were there a week. I was a little there a little longer. I took um after they left I went down to Ukraine for some services. But we had seats. We had these amazing seats. All four of us of us in a row. See how perfect that is? We were going to fly over there and fellowship and talk to each other. And before we took off, they canceled the flight and said there was a problem with the plane. They needed an inspection and they couldn't get an inspector. So they got us all off the plane. Then they put us on a new plane. They split us all up. And so I was in I mean they split all four of us in different seats all over the plane. So I went and talked to them and see if we could rearrange and they we couldn't get all together but they were able to get the three brothers together in the back and they got me up further to the front and so I would go back and visit them from time to time. They were behaving themselves and all of that. Mostly they were asleep. I had to wake them up to say hi but uh so we didn't quite get the seat that we wanted but it worked out good and we had good flights. This is at brother Nathan's house. This is where the brothers stayed the first couple of nights before the camp. And then uh brother Nathan arranged some fellowship for him. And so you can see Cornelius joined in. And Cornelius has been here twice so we know him well. And to the right of the screen is brother Tom. He's one of the ministers there. And to the left is uh Daniel Mur, which is Nathan's uncle. And he's an evangelist out of that church. Been ministering for a long time. Very, very active. I've actually asked him to come and I'm hoping he'll be able to come sometime this summer. and minister for us. And um this is the last day that that the brothers were there before they left. We went to this really nice traditional Polish restaurant. But that's Nathan and his wife Ruth. And she's the one who did all that amazing cooking. You can tell we were traveling with young men because the food was amazing. The food was great. The food was amazing. And we had plenty of it, you know. So that's pretty important when you're in your 20s still. So this is some of the countryside. It was nice to have brother Sam Samuel there because he likes to take pictures. So when I go on a trip, I come back with like three pictures. He comes back with a thousand. So compliments Samuel. You can see the second half of the trip doesn't have as many pictures and most of the pictures I have were something somebody sent me. So not what I took. So we got there I believe on Tuesday. Uh Wednesday we went to this church here. It's not too far away from brother Yodsix and we had uh a service there on Wednesday night. This is from the back of the church and this is one of the brothers took a picture from their seat and so we had that Wednesday and then Thursday we moved into the camp. Uh but immediately on Tuesday Nathan took the brothers went to his house and then uh they went straight to the church and started loading up stripping out gear. So they they just integrated right in with brother Yatsik's church and with their young men and started working. So they had to strip everything out of their church, move it over to camp and set it all up. So the next time I saw them was Thursday at the camp and they were there helping string out cables and unload trucks and get stuff set up. And so uh that it was nice. It was nice. They enjoyed having their help and they liked being part of it and it was nice to be able to see some of the behind the scenes. So I got a little video clip of the worship service at the [Music] Amen. And then you can see this is uh uh brother Cornelius. He started doing some translation. So this is uh the song leader. This is what they're in the worship night and he's translating for their deacon there. uh because they pulled from so many different countries, there was, you know, a large part of the people who didn't speak Polish, so they would translate in English. And then there was simultaneous translations going over all over the all over the sanctuary. They were translating into Russian. They were translating in Hungarian. They were translating in I think the Romanian as well, all at the same time. And so Cornelius has got starting to get his feet wet in the translation work. So it was nice to see him active there. This is brother Andreas Ring. And if you'll remember, he stopped by here last year and we enjoyed his visit very much. He told me he would come again, so we're trying to work on uh maybe services at the end of the year with him, but we'll see if we can set a date. But I really enjoyed his fellowship once again. The time he came here was the first time that him and I had had a chance to meet and fellowship, and I enjoyed it. And so when I found out that he was going to be there, I was also really excited because I'd hear get to hear him preach again, and it was a blessing for me. And uh I was nervous because I had to start the meetings. I don't like starting meetings. In fact, I don't really like preaching meetings. There's a lot of pressure behind meetings and and but I don't like starting them. So I had to do Thursday night cuz he was traveling down from Germany. There was no way he could do it. And so he was there and at the end of the service he come and he told me, "Brother Chad," he said, "you made it so easy for me to follow. The thought that I had fits right in." And I was so relieved because I just didn't want to mess him up. but he did a fantastic job and really really enjoyed him and so sister Zabella has a good pastor and brother Andreas and she's really happy to talk to her. she came to these meetings. So, we got to visit with her, too. And uh like one of the brothers said, the Abbott family was there and we had a good fellowship with them. And it was just uh really nice to see all of them. And you know, brother Samuel, he's been here and preached a couple times. Brothers son, Samuel Valwalk, and he was a great translator. He's one of the best I've ever worked with. This is him and I here. And they didn't they they didn't have a they had a whiteboard for me. So, I stole that from the Sunday school, I think, and and we did a few drawings. who had a wonderful time, good meetings. Our brothers shared a few song specials and so Josiah did one, played the piano and sang and they all three did two of them together and it was a real blessing. I was really blessed and they they sang the road to Emmas before the last service that I preached and it was such a fitting song for the service that came and so I really was proud of our brothers. You know, whenever somebody goes uh on a trip and goes to another church, they really represent the whole body and they're a representation of us. When our ministers travel and when anybody else travels, they represent all of us. And I can say I was honored to have them as a representation of us. They they carried themselves well. They they they're they're fun when it's time to be fun. They're serious when it's time to be serious. They know they they know how to respect and honor God in his word. and they know how to have a good time and enjoy fellowship and they just did a wonderful job and and I was really proud of them the whole time and not proud in a bad way. I was proud in a good way. If you can be proud in a good way, I was proud in a good way, but I was really proud of them. And then here's the Sunday school kids doing a song about the scarecrow and how you find they they put the words up in English. They sang it in Polish. Well, then they sang a verse, I think, a course in English, but it was about how you got to go past the scarecrow to get the good food. That was a good song. I liked it. And so it was good. We had a ministers meeting one afternoon there. So that's the group of ministers there. They caught a picture. You can see down in the front is brother Simon Abbott and the brothers there. We had a nice time. Enjoyed them. And then this is a picture outside of the whole camp. Everybody and um packed in there. Here's a shot of one of the streets down the Awitz concentration camp. Brother Yatsik had arranged for all three of the young men to be able to go on their way to Krakow the way to leave and they went through Awitz and um you know it's to I was really happy they had the opportunity to go. You can't say that it's fun. It's not fun. It's not pleasant but I think it's important. It's an important experience because when you go you can see what an anointing can do to people and what an evil anointing is capable of. Yeah. Yeah. Because even one of the brothers was sharing with me in the back there. They can't imagine human beings can do that to other human beings. And I said, "But that's what an that's what a spiritual anointing can do. It can push you past your natural barriers." But if an evil anointing will do that, what will the Holy Ghost do? It can push you through your natural human barriers into the good. And so it was a good experience. Brother Brennan calls this, you know, an amateur tribulation tribulation amateur form. It was the it was the opening of the sixth seal and it's just an important experience and they were so close to it. It was a privilege for them to be able to go and experience that and so they all want to give a big thank you to brother Yatsk for making that possible for them and for brother Nathan for driving them. So then they went to the airport. Uh the next day they flew home and uh I went that following day when they flew home and I went to um uh Ukraine. And so this is my first time being in Ukraine. We dropped down through Slovakia. I drove through Slovakia down into Ukraine. And I was as far west as you could possibly go in Ukraine. So I wasn't near any fighting. I was in a place that hadn't never been bombed or shelled or had rockets. Um, but I was still in Ukraine and it was it was an interesting experience. Here's a picture of the group in Usuzar. It was Ushugar uh Ukraine, right on the SL Slovakian border. And uh when I got there, I was talking to these brothers and uh they were telling me that in 2000, the first convention they ever had in 2000 was with brother Lonnie Jenkins. Brother Lonnie, Brother Eugene Braun, and Brother Jason Watkins all came in the year 2000. And so our church has been connected to this church for so long. And I vaguely remember pictures from back then. But and um uh the brother with his hand on my shoulder just back behind me to the left there is brother Vladik. He's the pastor there and he was the pastor then when uh those brothers went. And so we've been linked to this church for so long. It was so nice after 25 years to get reconnected once again. So, we had a just a wonderful time. But while I was there, you know, we've known that the war has been raging in Ukraine for so long. And when it first broke out, we were so uh affected for our our brothers and sisters, praying for them and all that, but then things kind of quiet down and stabilized a bit. And so, didn't really know what was going on. But as we sat and fellowshipped, they began to tell us that the situation is still very uh terrible. It's very grave. They're losing a thousand men a day. A day. I said, "There's no way." They said, "Their quota for new soldiers is 30,000 a month. They're they're taking men if if you're over 18 and under 60, you're eligible for military service unless you have a medical condition or you have three or more children. So the brothers, even in Ushar, which is as far away from the fighting as you can get in Ukraine, they can't go out on the streets. They can't go in public because if they're out in public, they could be stopped by the police, stopped by military. They could be taken and forced into military service. I was speaking with a brother there who had been taken and been forced into military service and they took him and he was at work. He was doing something for work and uh they came and and they took him and they drove him around and they tried to get him to to participate and he told him he refused. He goes, "I won't hold a gun." He goes, "I won't kill anybody." He told me he was a Christian. And so they tried to break him. They tried to get him to sign papers because if you sign with consent, they have a lot more that they can do. He refused to sign anything. They can still force you into military service, but they're limited. So he wouldn't sign anything. So it was quite an ordeal. Quite And I don't want to try to retell it because I won't retell it accurately, but quite an ordeal. And they then they tried to make him a chaplain because he was a Christian. And he says, "I can't be a chaplain." He says, "Why now?" He says, "Cuz you tell your you tell your chaplain tell your people it's okay to kill." And he goes, "I won't tell them that." And so eventually they sent him to the front lines and made him go out in the battlefield at night and collect dead bodies. And so it was just horrific. And uh by the grace of God, he was able to get out of that. And he's he's he's uh free from that now. But when you hear stories like that, you realize it's not over for them. It may not be daily in the news for us. We may not realize, but all the women have to go out and do the shopping. All the sisters have to go out. They they can't openly go out and just walk down the road. They can't leave their towns because there's military checkpoints on every highway in and out of cities. They can't cross the border. They can't leave home. They can't They're so limited in what they can do if they're within those ages of services. Even the pastor's son, brother Vladic's son, has a med medical condition. He has a medical release and he's got a card showing he's not medically fit for service. So, he was free and he was uh uh walking on the roads in their city and he got picked up and he got they tried to force him because they're so short in people. Can you imagine losing a thousand people a day? You're losing a whole generation. Yeah. There's so many there's going to be so many widows in Ukraine. There's going to be so many children that are fatherless. There's going to be so many young women that don't there's not enough men to marry. There's going to be a whole generation affected by this in a very serious way. And so for me, it was just it was like a reality check for me cuz we're so insulated from these things. We can so quickly stop thinking about them. And you know, I don't say that so you feel guilty. I I was the same way. I felt like, "Oh my goodness, I can't believe I stopped praying for our brothers and sisters. I I didn't realize what the situation was." But now I'm just really asking the Lord to protect them, to watch over all of them. And the thing is they they'll they'll still risk coming to church. They'll get in a car and come to church because, you know, they can't come in private property and take them. So if they're in the church, they're okay. If they're at home, they're okay. In between, you know, it's a little risky, but they'll still come. They'll still sing. they're still happy. They still love the word. And in church, you know, you would never know that they got this struggle in their life. And so, we had wonderful time there. I was there uh stayed in the pastor's home. We were there three nights. I had two services, a Tuesday night and a Wednesday night service. But really, it left an impression on my heart. And I really love those brothers. And and just if you could remember to pray for the saints in Ukraine, and not just the saints, every human being that has to live in Ukraine. Maybe if we just pray, God will do something to stop that war because it's horrific. Amen. Then uh we uh woke up on Thursday and then uh we left Thursday to go to a second uh convention. So the first convention was the one Brother Yatsik and his church had uh organized. Then we dropped down and went to Uscar, Ukraine. And then we drove back up into Poland. And this convention is like six hours away from the first one. It's on the opposite end of Poland on the southern side. And so, Brother Bogdan from Villa Petrova is the pastor there. And he he he and his church and a sister church organized that. So, here's a picture uh from the back of the main hall. They had they have a a campground and they have this main hall that holds as many people as it can. Then there's another hall just like this, the next level down, and that's the overflow. So it was half full of people. Then there's another one on the level below that. This is the fourth floor. On the second floor, that's for mothers with children and babies. And so they had this building stacked up with people. So it was interesting. Amen. It was quite nice. And then uh brother John Andy's was there. So he was ministering there as well. He took the first service. It was really nice because I had traveled from Ukraine all that day. Didn't get to the campground till 3 and the service is 4:30. So he preached that opening service. And so it was really nice to have his help there because I'd already had a lot of services and coming to that camp would have been five or six services, but he took two of them for me. So I took three and he really helped shoulder the burden. So I was thankful to see him, thankful to have his help. Then we had another guest that come down. We had a friend that drove down, Brother Vitali. So, brother Vitali drove down from Lithuania and uh we went out to dinner one night and he loaned me his coat and hat because it was cold. And so, my wife's probably looking at that goes, "Where did that coat come from? Where' that hat come from?" But I I it was borrowed. I had to give it back. It was a nice coat, too. I hated to give it back. But, uh I got a little video here of the worship. [Applause] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Had trumpet player, cello, violin, uh accordion. They were all there and it was good. I enjoyed it. So, we had a nice time and I I really enjoyed uh being there and getting to see the saints again and it was a real privilege for me. I came back with a uh a few gifts for the assembly. First and foremost, we haven't forgot the candy for the Sunday school kids. So, Brother Nathan Merur actually sent some chocolate back. So, Brother Nathan sent some chocolate from Poland. So, it's out on the table in the forer when you get done. Uh the kids, remember this is for Sunday school kids. All right? If there's any leftover, I guess some adults can have some. But the the kids get the children get to go first. Amen. And we'll have a deacon watching. And tell me if the deacon has chocolate on his teeth. I want to know. I want to know. So, and then also there's some little hard candies out there. There was a sister from Hungary and I was talking to her and her husband and she gave me some little boxes of hard candy from Hungary. So, there's some Hungarian hard candy and there's some uh Polish chocolate out there for all the Sunday school kids. So, you get to eat the same candy they eat in Poland and in uh Hungary. Amen. So, we met so many saints from so many places. Some that we've met before, some Hungarian believers that we knew for a while from being in Hungary, some new ones uh from Germany, from Romania, from Serbia, from everywhere. But it was really nice and they all send greetings. I mean, everyone wants us to say hello and I it's impossible. But I can say for sure, brother Yatsk and his church sent greetings. Brother Nathan Missou for sure. Brother Samuel Vwok, uh, brother Cornelius, uh, brother Bogdan from Villa Petrova, the pastor there. Uh, the brothers from Garod wanted me to give you a special greeting uh, because of those meetings from so long ago being connected to the church. Brother Vitali Sokov and also brother Pavo Steano he came to the first camp so and brother Dimma also was there so they all sent special greetings and so it was nice to have them also I got a couple uh new books printed the believers in and brother Yatsi's church they print um English message books so when Voice of God quit printing the books there was still a great need in the African country for books so they took up the responsibility ability to print. And so they print the books in English and then brother Andreas Ringan's church ships them out because he lives up on the coast. So they they take them by vehicle and and uh trailer up to brother Andreas. Andreas puts them on skids, wraps them up, and they ship them to all kinds of countries. So he sent me a suitcase full. Uh well, small suitcase full, but I've got Countdown and The Seed of Discrepancy. So those are two titles that we don't have in our library. Uh, I didn't I wasn't able to carry much. I only got 50 of each. So, we'll start the bidding now. Dollar dollar, $2, $3. No, just kidding. I'll give them to brother uh John Pittenber and he'll put them in the rack back here by the door. So, maybe uh uh by this weekend, we'll start having those on the rack and you can help yourself to them. Also, they sent some more of the um uh bookmarks that they like to send for witnessing or you can use them for yourself. They're out there and they got these witnessing cards now of the candalabra with the seven church ages and the cloud in the back. Those are out there on the welcome desk as well. Then I got two new coloring books for the kids. So, these are little coloring books. There's a sister somewhere in Poland in a different church. She goes and puts together the graphics and they tie them together with a story that Brother Brandham tells. And so I was only able to get 50 of each. So just all the kids who are coloring and enjoy coloring. The kids who enjoy coloring, we're I put these in the library. So sister Elsie will find them back at her desk in the library. She can have them available in the library. So Sunday you can start picking those up as well. So it's so much fun to come home with gifts. And those are all compliments from brother Yasik and his church, the assembly there. So we really appreciate them for that. Amen. Let's all stand together. I just want to share a couple scriptures and just a short thought and then we'll wrap it up for the evening. Let's go to 1 Corinthians chapter 12. God bless you, brother Paul and Sister Norah Jane. It's good to have you. It's good to see you. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 12 and verse 12. 12:12. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many, are one body, so also is Christ. For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been all made to drink unto one spirit. For the body is not one member, but many. May God bless you as you take your seats. May the Lord bless us as we look into his word. Now, man, I just want to tell you that I I want to thank you all for praying for us. Uh it's been uh it's been felt and we got many texts. I got I received many texts from you and I know I know many of you were praying. You told us you'd be praying before. You told us since we got back you sent text and I know some whole families were praying. So I appreciate all even all the little children who were praying for us. And we certainly felt the prayers certainly appreciate the support of this assembly and all that we do. We couldn't do what we do without each other. There's no way. And uh just want to share with you just a personal testimony from me. I've been busy this last month, busier than I ever like to be. I usually don't plan trips close together. And I don't like to be gone as long as I was this last time. It's not typical for me, but we went to Arizona there at the beginning of May or it was at the beginning of April. And then here at the end of April to the beginning of May, I was there in Poland. So those trips were close together. Was busy in between. It's been a busy time. But I just want to say the last six, seven weeks has been a real time of personal growth for me. It's been a real blessed time for me. The Lord's just every once in a while things, you know, you go through seasons in life. There's seasons in everything. There's testing times and there's rewarding times and there's planting times and there's harvest times. Everything has cycles and everything has times in life. And brother Rem tells us that there's cycles to everything. And so I just been really rejoicing in the Lord over the last six to seven weeks because it's been for me a real time of spiritual growth personally and a real time of revelation. And it's been exciting to me the way the revelation is coming. It it's it's I don't know how to explain it. It's just revelation. It's just a deeper deep, you know, it's a higher height and a deeper deep. And it's and it's something that's really personal to me and something the Lord's been doing deep inside of me. and the services that we've been having uh you know starting in Arizona and then in the meetings that we just came from. I just had nine services in just a short amount of time which is a heavy load but I can say that the Lord was with us. Amen. And it was quite a blessing and I was blessed myself with the word like the word that was that was coming the word the inspiration was a blessing to me. I was feeding on it as I was preaching. Amen. And so I was really appreciated the those who had anticipation, those who were pulling the atmosphere in the meetings. It was all wonderful. But for me personally, it was a great time of encouragement. And so I just appreciate you all being patient with me as I go. Like I said, I don't normally schedule meetings that close together. I don't normally like to be gone from home that much. We had to cancel two communions, which I don't remember ever cancing two communions in a row. So it's been an odd time. It's been unusual. I felt comfortable going. I felt led of the Lord. But I can see there's fruit of it for me in my own life. I also would like to share too that I I believe, you know, I've gotten to travel. I've gotten to go places and see some things. And every time that I go on a trip, to me, there's always a blessing. There's always something that I gain, something that I pick up, something that I learn, something I see, something I experience that I believe is good for all of us. Amen. Because we're we're one body. Not just the local body, but we're one body worldwide. And it's so nice sometimes to go see and visit and learn from another part of the body. And maybe not even learning things that you could write down on a piece of paper and say, "We're going to come home and do that." But it's not that kind of learning. It's it's being fed from another part of the body. And it's enhancing your life and deepening your experience. And and it's it's an encouragement. It's a challenge. It's It's so many different things that take place. It's really hard to put it into words. You can probably ask the young brothers that go and try to get them to explain it, but you can't explain it. It's just something's pouring back into you. There's an experience of meeting these brothers and sisters uh that you've never met before and connecting to them in a deep way almost instantly. Learning from them and growing and having that experience is is so beneficial. And uh you know so this evening I just want to talk a little bit about the word fellowship. The word fellowship and brother Benham says in the end times uh sign seed he said it's always a blessing wherever you go and meet God's people. It's a blessing everywhere. Amen. It's a blessing here. It's a blessing state side. It's a blessing overseas. Wherever you go and you meet God's people it's a blessing. And in God's provided way of approach to fellowship, he says fellowship around the world, there's something great about it. Man loves to fellowship even to the unconverted man. So there's something in us that craves fellowship and longs for fellowship. And it's actually a part of our Christian experience because God never never meant for us to be in isolation. I say man is a paradox, right? And even our Christian walk sometimes a paradox because there's a part of your Christian life that is personal, intimate, and nobody else has any part in it. Even if you're married and really close to your spouse, there's a relationship you have with Christ that your spouse can't even enter in with you. It's just you and the Lord. But yet, so we're we're eagles. We fly high and we fly solo and we go, but we're sheep. So, are you an eagle or are you a sheep? You know, this is the paradox to Christian walk. There's a part of our experience that is so uh intimate and it's so uh individual and it's just us and God. But there's a part of our walk that's so community that's so you know sheep in a fold that's so part uh of one another and interdependent upon one another. It's like truly like a body that every part of my body is dependent on every other part of my body. And that's what the way we are as the body of Christ. And I started looking at fellowship and I've mentioned this here before, but fellowship especially like what we've experienced traveling so far away in uh in such an effort and so much time and such distance, you know, it's it's quite an endeavor. But I looked through the book of Acts and I looked at the uh New Testament church and they were always doing that. That's always been part of the church. That kind of fellowship, going from church to church and moving about and connecting to one another, that's always been part of the church. That's y'all just knew as travel got easier. No, it was there when travel was difficult. I want to look at a couple scriptures. Let's go to Acts chapter 15 together. Because what I want to look at is how instrumental or how important this was to the church to the New Testament church because it's embedded in the life of the church. Acts 15:36 and some days after Paul said unto Barnabas, "Let us go again and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached the word of the Lord and see how they do." This is Paul and Barnabas had made their first missionary journey. Amen. And they had come back and they were at Antioch and they had given a report and listen they they they gave trip reports. Yes. Because they come back to Antioch and they told them all and then they all rejoiced and they went up to Jerusalem one time and told them all that had happened in Gentiles and they all rejoiced. So even testimonies from trips isn't new. It's part of the New Testament. Traveling Mount visiting the believers, that's part of the New Testament. So here Paul and Barnabas after they're back at Antioch spending some time and all of a sudden Paul's like, "Man, Barnabas, let's go back and see everybody and see how they're doing." Amen. That's always been a desire in the church. You know, not everybody in Antioch got to go to Asia Minor, but when they came back and gave the report, everybody in Antioch rejoiced. Amen. Amen. Because there's different parts of the body and things that we all all do. But I I rejoice every time somebody comes back and tells us, you know, the last time, you know, uh, Brother Ron and brother John went and come back from the Philippines and meeting the brothers and sisters again in Japan. I rejoice. It was good to hear. I I I loved it. And it's so good for us as a body to stay interconnected with other bodies, to recognize what God's doing in other parts of the world, to rub shoulders, to connect, to go and and bring back reports and touch base. It's it's so healthy uh for us as an assembly, for us as individuals as well. Uh let's go to Romans chapter 1. I just want to hit a couple of these spots. Certainly not exhaustive. We there's much more we could read, but just want to read a few spots. Romans chapter 1:9. For God is my witness whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his son. that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers making request if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you for I long to see you that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift to the end you may be established that is that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and of me so Paul wanted to see him and impart some spiritual gifts but he also wanted to have fellowship and he wanted to be comforted. I I just love the way he says this. That I might let me find my place again. That I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me. He said, I just want to connect with you on faith and we'll both have comfort. That's what happens in fellowship. Let's go to second Corinthians. 2 Corinthians chapter 7. 2 Corinthians chapter 7:13 Therefore we were comforted in your comfort. Yay. And exceedingly the more joyed we were for the for the joy of Titus because his spirit was refreshed by you all. Here's Paul saying, "Titus went and visited you and Titus come back and told us how you're doing and we are so comforted in spirit because Titus was refreshed by his visit with you." So, here's Paul didn't even go, but Paul got the benefit by Titus going and coming back and saying how the believers are doing. Amen. I love it. Amen. Amen. So, I think we're learning that this isn't new. This has been going on. Let's look at second Timothy. just jump over to second Timothy 4 and and I can tell you this is all through the New Testament, all through the writings of Paul, all through the book of Acts, but second Timothy um 4, 2 Timothy 4 and verse 9, do thy diligence to come shortly unto me, for Demoth hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed marted into Thessalonica, Cresence to Galatia, Titus unto Dalatia. Now, Cresence, he didn't leave the faith. Titus didn't leave the faith. Only Deeus left Paul. But what he's he's giving a report to Timothy and he's saying, "Listen, Deeus has forsaken me. But Cresence, he went to Galatia. Titus, he went to Dalatia. Only Luke is with me. Take Mark and bring him with thee, for he is profitable to me in the ministry. And Ty Tyas have I sent to Ephesus and the cloak that I left at Traz with Corpus when thou comest bring with thee in the books, but especially the parchments. So what's he saying? He's saying, listen, I need you to come to me because cresence went to to to Galatia and then uh Titus, he went here and then I sent Taikas over to Ephesus. And when you stopped by Trrowaz, there was a brother I was visiting there and left my coat. Bring the coat in the parchment and come to me and bring Mark because I need Mark here. They were going there and coming here and going there and Paul's sending them to Ephesus and bringing them here and bringing them back. They're they're they're visiting each other. The ministry is traveling. The saints are traveling. Amen. When Paul had a need, he had he got a visit from those uh in Macedonia who brought an offering to him to support his needs that he had in his missionary endeavor in another city. They were always visiting each other. They were always ministers moving back and forth by the direction of Paul, by their own direction. Amen. You have Aquill and Priscilla who left Italy. Amen. And then they they came over uh uh to to uh uh I think it was Ephesus. And in Ephes, no, in Corinth. And in Corenth, they get a hold of Apollos. And Apollos, they show him the way of life more perfectly because he was in Ephesus. And then he went to Ephesus. Then he went to Corinth. And you find Apollus in two or three different locations preaching the gospel. You find Aquill and Priscilla in a couple different places preaching the gospel. It's amazing things that we think are are are just part of our generation. We realize this is the New Testament church. This is why we love to visit our brothers and sisters. This is why we love uh to hear what's going on abroad. This is why we love to hear what's going on in the missionary field. what we love to hear in established works. We love to hear what's going on with our brothers and sisters because we're one body, one family, and we can be comforted and refreshed by what's going because God built us for fellowship. Let's go back to the book of Acts and look at Acts chapter 2. Fellowship is embedded in our Christian experience. Acts chapter 2 verse 41 says, "Then Acts 2 and 41, then they that gladly receive his word baptized, and the same day were added unto them about 3,000 souls, and they continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread and in prayers." So all these new converts they started off first thing they do is they continued steadfast in the apostles doctrine and fellowship and breaking bread and in prayers. Maybe this is why we always get together and eat part of the book of acts breaking bread fellowshipping spending time in each other's homes. This is part of it. This word fellowship is interesting word in the New Testament. It means a fellowship, an association, a community, a communion, a joint participation. And then another definition is the share which one has in anything. A participation. Fellowship is interesting because fellowship is not uh one or two people doing everything and everybody else coming along for the ride. Fellowship is a mutual participation. Fellowship is an association where everyone is involved where everyone is a participant where everyone is active. It's a community where everything gets blended together. It's a communion where you commune with one another. It's a joint participation. It's your share. You have a share in the gospel. You have a part in the gospel. A share. That's that's what fellowship is. Is you have a part. And fellowship is actually a mixing together. You mixing with me and me mixing with you. Amen. That's when it comes down to one of the words for fellowship is intercourse. One of the definitions. So a fellowship is this mutual participation. And fellowship is this uh bond that links us but makes us all an active participant in this gospel of Jesus Christ. So, it's so much more than just we said hello to each other, but we're actually mixing together in this community, in this communion, in this act of participation in the life of Christ. So, it's and it's important and it's a part of our Christian experience. That's why there's nobody that flies solo. It doesn't work. There's nobody that can just withdraw from the body and be spiritually healthy. Yeah. Separated from a body of fellowship. It's it's not part of the scriptures. It's not part of the New Testament church. God wants us to mix with each other, to rub shoulders. He wants iron to sharpen iron. He wants us to be encouraged by one another. He wants us to be challenged by one another. Because when you mix in fellowship, you don't always just get the good parts. Amen. There's some rough edges there, too, because we're all still stuck in a sticky, cockaurn nature, but that's even good for us. Amen. Amen. So, we learn how to practice brotherly love, patience, temperance, and fellowship. Amen. Amen. I love it. God is so good. His plan is so perfect. You say, "I'm tired of getting my feelings hurt." Well, God designed it that way because it's good for us. You know, I I I I've been in this fellowship and I got hurt and I went to this fellowship and I got hurt or or these this this family hurt me and I switched my friends and they hurt me. And I just wish Christian people would be Christian people. Christian people are just people. Just people. people that still have, you know, rough edges with a cocker burner nature with different ideas and different viewpoints and different experience and there's still Amen. There's good fellowship, but there's still a little bit of maybe a little grind once in a while. And that grind is a good thing. And we're always running away from the grind. But the grind is designed to shape us. Amen. And so if we just learn to fellowship on the word, just learn to love one another and learn to appreciate one another, everything that comes with it will be good for us. Trust God's way. Trust God's word. Amen. It'll all work together for good. But fellowship is is is is fundamental not just to the Christian church, but to us as human beings. Brother Bam said everyone, even the unconverted fellowship. He said even businessmen like to get together and talk about business. He called it a form of fellowship in Satan's Eden. He says, "And so God knew that we would be here, but then he put us in flesh so we would be contacted in order he could contact. He became one of us when he became Jesus Christ, the son of God himself, the fullness of the manifestation of God. Therefore, that was God's purpose to display his attributes and fellowship. When I was in my father, I knew nothing about it. But when I become his son and was born of him, I was an attribute, a part of my father, and you're a part of your father. And as children of God, we are part of God's attribute that was in him, made flesh like he was made flesh, so we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. Yes, sir. That's what God wanted at the beginning. So what was God's original purpose for bringing man to the earth? His original purpose was that that God's attributes would be made manifest on the earth. And he says it this way that that God's attribute that was in him made manifest like he was made manifest so so we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. Amen. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. What was God's purpose? Fellowship. Yeah. What did he make man on the earth for? Fellowship. Amen. And what did he want? His attributes expressed on earth together in fellowship. That was his purpose at the beginning. That's what God wanted. That's why I think that's part of man. Let's look at First John together. First John chapter 1. 1 John chapter 1 verse 5 said this then is the message that we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness we lie and do not the truth. Why is that? Because you can't have that blending together in darkness. You can't have that association, that communion. But listen what he says. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanses us from all sin. So where do we find this fellowship? Walking in the light as he is in the light. We find it, amen, in the fellowship of the present tense word for our day, the light of the hour. Amen. And that's where we find this fellowship one with another. In God's provided way of approach to fellowship, he says, "But God in the beginning, it was that most glorious time when our gracious, precious God came down in the garden of Eden in the cool and would talk to Adam and Eve and they would fellowship. God, God created man because he wanted fellowship himself." And in the Garden of Eden, he would come and fellowship with his children. So God likes fellowship. Amen. God wants our fellowship. And God hiding himself in simplicity said God made a program when man sinned in the beginning back. He tried to find a way of escape for himself. He tried to make himself a covering, fig leaves and so forth. It never worked. But God did make a way that a man would fellowship with him again. And that was under the shed blood of an innocent substitute. So why did God why did God take the lamb and slay it? That way he could cover he could make an atonement or a covering for the sin because God wanted to get back in fellowship with his children. Fellowship was disrupted in the garden and God made man because he wanted fellowship. When he made Adam he was alone. God said brother says Adam was alone because God was alone in heaven. He had no fellowship. So he made man in his own image so that he could fellowship with him. And in the garden he would come down every day to have fellowship. But the fellowship was broken by sin and God had to find a way to bring it back and he started the process under the shed blood. So fellowship comes under the shed blood of an innocent one. Amen. Because it's God's desire to restore fellowship. You think we love fellowship? Where do you think that desire came from? It came from God. If we love fellowship, he's the original lover of fellowship. He's where fellowship started. And he made man for fellowship. And he made everything for fellowship. And he wants our fellowship. And he even started the plan of redemption to bring back fellowship. Amen. Amen. And Christ is the mystery revealed. He said secondly to have preeminence in his body of believers. That is his bride that he might live in people. That was part of God's purpose. Now he could do that in Adam and Eve, but sin separated them. So now there had to be some way to get it back again. You realize it wasn't man trying to get back in fellowship with God. It was God wanting to get back in fellowship with man. We look at the whole gospel egoentrical. This is one problem I have with Christianity, modern Christianity, is we we look at the whole Bible and the whole gospel from an egocentric perspective. It's all about us. God loved me and God wanted to save me and God. But listen, what did God want? Amen. Let's let's get beyond our own little thinking and go to God's perspective. God made man for himself. God made man for fellowship. God redeemed man because he wanted to restore fellowship and he wanted to bring back his original purpose. And so you realize when it came time for God to have a friend, is it okay if I say that? Who is the first one in the Bible that was called the friend of God? It was Abraham. Abraham was called a friend of God. God called him his friend. Amen. Did Abraham find God or did God find Abraham? Amen. Did Abraham go searching for God and he go on this big long search and I want God? He never went looking for God. Brother Bam said he was an idol worshipper packing idols on his back. His dad was an engraver of idols. Amen. But God came to him because God wanted somebody to fellowship with. God wanted a friend. Yes, sir. And then when God comes to his disciples, he says, I call you friends. And when he come to the garden of Gethsemane, Amen. He was so weighed by this decision he had to make. Brother Brandham said in the garden of Gethsemane, he had to decide would he take the sins of the whole world or would he stay with his disciples what he wanted to do. So what was so hard for for for Jesus? He wanted to stay with his disciples because they were his friends. He was in fellowship. He loved it. Yeah. But he had to give his life so that he could have perfect fellowship. So this is God's plan of redemption to bring back fellowship. Fellowship is so much more important than we ever thought. Fellowship with each other and fellowship with God. And I would say fellowship with the other each other is a part of fellowship with God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who is this Melkisedc? He says God come down and became flesh and died to death in Christ so that he could clean the church in order to get into it for fellowship. Now we're getting into real redemption. Not not a lamb, not just shedding blood, not just a covering, but he was going to do something to erase the sin. Amen. And he could have limited fellowship, amen, along the way. But God has to make a way for unlimited fellowship. And so he came and became flesh and died to death in Christ so that he could clean the church. So what was the purpose of shedding of blood? For sanctification. So he could clean the church in order to get into it. For what purpose? For fellowship. Now then he says God loves fellowship. That's what he made the man at the first time for was for fellowship. God dwells alone with cherubams. So God's wanting this fellowship. So he came down himself in a body of flesh and gave his own life. Amen. So that he could sanctify a church. So that he could send back his spirit to live inside of you. For what reason? For fellowship. So now where do you fellowship with God at? Not in church, friends. Not you fellowship with God in your soul. Amen. where God has entered in, amen, by the power that was released at Calvary, by the shedding of blood, by the sanctification of the spirit so that he can enter in and dwell in you and be with you and be in you. Brother Brandham said, Amen. the this woman challenged brother Brandham because of the oneness doctrine and said, "Who was Jesus praying to when he prayed to the father in the garden of Gethsemane?" And he said, "Let me ask you a question." Yeah. Amen. Said, "Do you have the Holy Ghost?" Yes. He said, "Then who do you pray to when you pray?" How far away is this fellowship? Amen. It's as close as you let it be. Amen. God wants to fellowship with you. That's why he died. That's why he sanctified you. That's why he filled you with his spirit because he wants to fellowship with you. We go to egoentrical view again, right? God wanted me and he died for me and he filled me with the Holy Ghost so I was sealed so I can go to heaven. Listen, that's that's our little human pea brain perspective. But God did that because there was something he wanted. He wants your fellowship. He wants you to talk to him. He wants you to love him. Amen. He wants you to share your life with him and he wants to share his life with you. That's why in this generation under this message, amen, the veil has been taken away so that we could see what God has designed and wanted all along. So they're not stuck in a church denomination egoentrical view all surrounding us. But we can back up and go all the way back to the back part of God's mind and find out what he wanted all along. He wanted himself replicated as a family and flesh on the earth and fellowship with one another. Amen. God wanted to fellowship with himself. That's why he wants to live in you because he wants to fellowship with you in a deeper way than we could ever imagine. Amen. Oh my goodness. I want to read from a message. You must be born again. 1958. Something Brother Bram says just absolutely makes me come alive. And this is why I say God's been doing a deeper work in me and a deeper revelation. But it's so simple. He's talking about Adam and Eve. And he says, "They didn't go to a fine big church all decorated up in mahogany and a $100,000 organ in it. They went up in the woods, the timber, and perhaps that logos that went out of God, let's say it was in the form of a pillar of fire, a halo. I can just see it hanging in the bushes yonder and the streaks from it shining down when Adam and Eve knelt before the creator to worship. And I can hear a voice coming from that and say, "Has my children enjoyed their stay today upon the earth that the Lord thy God has given thee?" And here's the answer. Yes, father. It's been wonderful. Amen. Again, later in that year, 1958, in the message, why we're not a denomination says, "That halo is hanging yonder in the bushes. I can hear a voice speak down and say, "Has my children enjoyed themselves upon the earth the day that the Lord thy God has given thee?" Yes, Lord. We've enjoyed ourselves today, haven't we, darling? Yes. Yes, dear. We have, Lord, we sure appreciate you. This is the fellowship God loved. It's not complicated. It's not complex. It's not difficult. When God made man to fellowship with him, he put him on the earth and he come down in the cool of the evening and what did he say? Has my children enjoyed their day upon the earth today? It's so simple. It's so much more simple than we could ever imagine. Amen. God wants to know how you enjoyed your day. I I shared I think I shared this with you all some time ago. I shared it in uh Poland, but our family took a trip to Missouri several years ago, a couple years ago, and we went to a museum on the West and how the West was formed. and you go through from the beginnings and the time and you just follow it, trace it through and it was really a nice museum. I enjoyed it. But it got to the Native American Indian section and while I was there, there was a a document that had fil been filled out by a chief of one of the Indian tribes when the uh the the nation of America, the USA, was buying a large track of land over there. They were doing a sale. And this Indian, he wrote this down and he made some statements on it. It was a marvel to them how anybody thought they could buy and sell land that God created. I mean it was just interesting their his whole perspective. But then he made a statement and he says the white man goes to church once a week and worships his god. He said but the red man every time he enters a valley and he sees a valley and a mountain stream or a waterfall across his heart lifts up in praise to worship his creator. That's right. Which one would you call fellowship? With God, I think it's simpler than what we think. I don't think it's the way we fold our hands or the way we we chant certain things we always say when we pray. I think God just wants to dwell in you and be a part of your life. Amen. I think God wants to share your life with you. And it doesn't have to be super spiritual. Has my children enjoyed their day upon the earth today? Oh God, help us to come back to being children. And just say, God, thank you for today. God, thank you for loving me. Thank you for keeping me. Thank you for this message. Thank you for your word. Thank you for life. Thank you for my children. Thank God I am so blessed by your life. I think the fellowship God wants is not a recited prayer. And I it's it's not sometimes the work we do when we have to work in prayer and and say the right thing and say it the right way so that the prayer is answered and remember the right words to say in the right order and and then pray with power and authority. I think he just wants us to talk to him. I think it's pretty I think it's pretty simple. Friends, this message has taken the veil away. And it's also taken the barrier from the Holy Ghost cuz this Holy Ghost was bound for nearly 2,000 years by denominational waters. What were the denominational waters? It was the wrong understanding of God. You say it was the wrong teaching of doctrine and wrong all that was the wrong understanding of God. If you don't understand servy, you don't know what happened in the garden. You don't know the oneness of the Godhead. You don't know what you don't understand water baptism in Jesus name. It's all not really understanding God and his program. Amen. That's what it all comes down to. So what separated the full life of the Holy Ghost from dwelling in people? It was the barrier of denominational rivers. It was man's idea about God's word became a barrier to the full life of Christ. But that Holy Ghost has been loosed in the evening time by the evening time message. The Holy Ghost back in the people again. Do you believe that? Amen. Do you believe it's fullness? Yeah. Then God by Calvary, by redemption, by the opening of the seals has brought back fellowship so that the full measure of his life can live fully in his people so that he can ask you at the end of the day, how has your day been today? Amen. Can we accept that? Can we let it be that easy? And can we be thrilled that he wants to know how what I thought about my day today that God wants me to speak back to him the things I saw and the things I learned and the things I appreciated or the things that I still need to learn or the things I want to understand or the things I'd ask him to share with me or help me with. Amen. I think it's that simple that he just wants to be a part of our everyday life, every moment, every day, all the time. That's fellowship. It's a blending together. It's a mixing. It's it's a partnership. It's a community. It's a communion. Him and me and me in him. And he wants to share in my life. And he wants me to share my life with him. and he wants to share his life with me. This is why we love fellowship, friends. And this is true fellowship. Amen. Let's all stand together. That's enough for tonight. How many love fellowship? Amen. Amen. And how many when you lay down tonight just going to tell God how much you enjoyed Amen. the day? And can we just go tonight or even right now at the end of the day as we bow our heads at the end of the service. Musicians if you'll come and brother Blake if you'll come just just bow your head and and just say Lord Jesus thank you for showing me how simple fellowship can be. You don't have to have a PhD to fellowship with God. You don't have to be a certain age. You don't have to have a certain understanding. You don't have to grow up and know so many things. Listen, the message is not about knowing doctrine. And the message is about knowing him. Amen. The message is God. The message is the unveiling of God. Amen. It is God stripping away every barrier that kept you from seeing him. Amen. So if the message to you becomes a barrier, you're not seeing the message. Right. Amen. You say, "Brother Chad, that's rough." It's the truth. Amen. If the message of the hour, the preaching of brother Brandham, the things that he brought, if that becomes a barrier to you, then you don't understand what he's saying. Amen. Because the message came to remove the veil. And it was the unveiling of God. God showing you who he really is, what his plan is, what his program is, and what he wants from you and in you and with you. It's really very simple. is can it get complex? Absolutely. It can go as deep as you want to go. It goes deeper than you ever imagined. Amen. Comp complex. You talk about complex. It's the entire Bible. It's the whole mind of God. I mean, it's not simplistic. You can't It's not like 30 second explanation. You got everything you need to know. Hey, listen. I want to know everything there is to know, and I'm going to spend eternity experiencing it. But the reality is simple. Yeah. Is God wants to be known and he wants to reveal himself to you and he wants to share his life with you and your life with him. Amen. Is that what you want? Amen. Then if you want the same thing God wants, why don't you just open your heart and give him what he wants and receive what he wants? Let's just bow our heads and pray. Lord Jesus, we are so thankful Lord that you want fellowship with us. And who are we, Lord, to fellowship with the Almighty God, the creator of heavens and earth. God, how can we think ourselves worthy? We're not worthy. But by your shedding of your own blood, you've made us worthy. Because you want in fellowship, Lord, it's not just what we seek. Although we love it, we're recognizing, Lord, this is what you want. This is what you lost in the Garden of Eden. It's what you purchased back at Calvary. And it's what you've opened up and restored in the end time. God, I just want to tell you, I've enjoyed my day upon your creation today. I've enjoyed the testimony of the three brothers and and being refreshed in their experience. I enjoyed hearing about my brothers and sisters in other parts of the world. I enjoyed the experience of sharing it myself. I enjoyed seeing the faces of your children. I enjoyed the pres your presence and I enjoyed the connection with your saints. I enjoyed being in church tonight. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for sharing your life and your word with me. I enjoyed the day you gave me upon the earth. It's never been without trial. It's never been without difficulty, but it's been blessed, Lord. And at the end of the day, we want to lift our hands and our voices and say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you for giving us life. Thank you for giving us eyes to see and ears to hear. Thank you for your word. Thank you for my brothers and sisters. Thank you for your life that lives in them. Thank you for the fellowship that we get to share. Just want to say, I love you, Lord. Thank you for being with me until the end of the age. Thank you for sharing your life with me. And God, I want to share my life with you. I give you myself to you aresh. I praise your name and thank you Jesus. Be blessed in our praises. Be blessed and our worship as we glorify your name. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Don't ever put him far away. Brother Brandham said, "What are you going to do? Call him down from heaven?" He said, "No, he's in you right now. How are you going to fellowship with him? Where you going to go? You going to wait till you come to church on Wednesday?" Listen, don't wait for Wednesday and don't wait for Sunday. Every time you see a sunrise, every time you feel his presence, every time you hear his word, every time you read your Bible, every time you hear a song, just say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. I love you." That's really the fellowship he wants. Not saving it and bottling it all up for some big huge expressive prayer or coming to church and we have just simple every day when you get a good parking spot. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. I appreciate this. But I mean, it sounds silly, but he wants to share your life. Amen. He wanted to know if his children in the Garden of Eden enjoy the sunrise and the dew of the grouse and the mist coming up from the ground. Yeah. If you talk about what they were experiencing, brother Bam goes back and he dramatizes. He Adam was taking his his wife through the garden and he was rubbing sheet of the lion's back and they were looking at this and looking at that and then they went up to worship God and God said, "Did you enjoy your day upon the earth?" What were they doing? They were scratching the lion's back and looking at the flowers and God wanted to be part of it. Amen. Don't put him far away and don't make fellowship complicated and don't try to figure out the right words to say. He doesn't need Sometimes you can fellowship without words. Have you ever felt his presence in your and something inside of you jumped right here to your throat and you had nothing to say? You ever felt him draw so near like a breeze that blows past you and all of a sudden mist comes to your eyes and all you can say is, "I love you, Lord." That ever happened to you? I hope it does. If it hasn't, I hope it does. He wants your fellowship. Keep him on your mind every hour of the day. Don't wait. We pray in the morning. We do devotions. We pray. But I don't think he wants to wait. I think he just wants to share our lives. Man, God bless you all. It's so good to be home. I love you all. Amen. Will children of the light arise. Arise and take your place. It's by grace. It's by grace. It's by grace. Amen. If you're struggling in confusion, wondering why your heart seems low, take your hands off this old world and let it go. Let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world, so let it go. Children of the light, arise, arise. This is your day. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. God's restore in the word. Make clear it way that you may trust and know that you're not of this old world. So let it go. Let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. So let it go. Verse two. Children of the light. Arise. A rise. This is your day. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. God's restored the word, made clear his way that you may trust and know that you're not of this old world. So let it go. Let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. So let it go. Children of the light. Arise. A rise and take your place. It's by grace. It's by grace. It's by grace. If you're struggling in confusion, wondering why your heart seems low, take your hands off this old world and let it go. Oh, let it go, let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. So let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow. A shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. Let it go. And we are hes of the father will joines with the son. We are people of his kingdom. We are family. We are one. And we are one. We are sanctified. And we are cleansed by his blood. We are born of the spirit. We are children of the Lord. We are members of his body and we are objects of his love. We're partakers of his holiness. We are citizens of heaven above. We're partakers of his suffering. We're partakers of his grace. We shall meet him to be like him. We shall see him face to face. He has come. He's among us. It's in secret. He's inside. He has called us. We have answers. We are kings and priests to God. We shall reign with him forever. Oh many angels shout and sing for dominion has been gi to the family of the king. We are hes. We are heirs of the father. We are joiners with the son. We are people of his kingdom. We are family. We are one. He has come. He has come. He's among us. It's in secret. He's inside. He has called us. We have answers. We are kings and priests to God. We are [Music] hes of the father. Oh, we are joiners with the son. We are people of the kingdom. We are family. We are one. Comeune with me. Comeune with [Music] me between the wings of the cherubam. [Music] Comeune with me. Comeune with me. [Music] Comeune with me between the wings of the [Music] cherubam. Comeune with me. I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there. [Music] I'll meet you there between the wings of the chair about. I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there between the wings of the [Music] cherubam. I'll meet you there. Come you come you with me. Commune with me. Commune with me. Between the wings of the cherubam, come you with me. Come you with me. For I'll meet you there. Come you with me between the wings of the [Music] chair. Come mute with me. I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there between the wings of the chair. [Music] I'm meeting you there. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Here we go. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
