################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 250427 - Burley Williams: Living in Time, Preparing for Eternity - Burley Williams - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   250427 - Burley Williams: Living in Time, Preparing for Eternity
Speaker: Burley Williams
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg-YaNusGEQ
========================================

Oh, let me go all wild with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone, leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the low. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, keep me close to the side of my savior and guide me never in darkness. Oh, keep my path and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk in that heavenly d and let me go all the while with a song till my way every day with love. Jewish race will be your I'll travel no more but I in my home above. Oh, let me sing. Blessed King, all the way to that shore. Fill my way with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with that heavenly d with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. And Jesus is my savior. I will not be moved. For in his love and favor, I will not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the waters, I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the water, I shall not be moved. And in my Christ abiding, I shall not be moved. In his love I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the waterers I shall not. Oh that next verse. And if I trust him ever, I will not be moved. He will fail me never. I will not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the water. Oh, I Oh, clap for that chorus. Put your strings together. [Music] Hallelujah. Not going to be moved. Oh, on his word. Oh, and on his word I'm feeding. I shall not be moved. Oh, he's the one that's feeding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the water, I shall not. Oh, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. I shall not be moved. I'm anchored in Jehovah. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the water, I shall not be moved. And I shall not be I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. It's like a tree planted by the water. Oh, I shall not be moved. And in his love I'm hiding, I shall not be moved. Oh, and in him confiding, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. Do you hear them coming brother? Oh thrown on the seas of [Applause] light in glorious shining garments. Oh blood washed garments pure and wine. Oh, it's a glorious church without spidering washed in the blood of the lamb. It's a glorious church without spidering washed in the blood of the lamb. And do you hear the stirring anthems filling inside? Oh, it's a grand victorious army. Oh, lift your banner up on high. It's a glorious church without spot wrinkle washed in the blood of the lamb. It's a glorious church without spot washed in the blood of the lamb. Never fear the clouds of sorrow. Never fear the storms of sin. He shall triumph on the tomorrow and even now. I'll sing that next verse. Oh, wave the banner. Shout his praisees for our victory is nigh. Oh, we shall join our conquering Savior and we shall reign with him. And it's a glorious church. Washed in the blood of the lamb. It's a glorious church without spot anymore. We're washed in the blood of the lamb. is a glorious church. I am a member. I'm washed in the blood of the lamb. It's a glorious church. I am a member. Washed in the blood of the lamb. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Oh, glory, glory to his name. Oh, he lives and reigns forever more. Hosanana, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provideth all my need. Jehovah Gyra is his name. For he provided all I need. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Yes. Blessed be the rock, my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock, my salvation. Amen. Blessed be the rock. You can be seated if you want this morning. Let's just sing that key of F. Let the book live in me. Oh, let the book live in me, dear Lord, and show me myself [Music] within your word. Oh, show me myself and show me my savior in land. The [Music] live thou live in me. Oh, let the word live and let the word live in me, dear Lord, and show me myself within thy word. Oh, show me my Savior and show me my Savior and let the B live. Oh, let the B live land. The B live in me. Give me more revelation. Let my flesh be all forsaken at the word of God. Guide me on my way so he can act preeminence each day. Give me more. Let my life be your reflection. For I know this word is my redemption. Give me more revelation. Give me more vulation. Oh, let my life be all forsen. And that the word of God will guide me on my way so he can have preeminence each day. Give me more for revelation. Let my life be your reflection for I know this word is my redemption. Give me more revelation. Give me more revelation. Let my flesh be all forsaken. Let the word of God guide me on my way so he can have preeminence each day. Give me more [Music] revelation. My life be your reflection for [Music] my word is my redemption. Give me more revelation. Amen. Let us just pray. Father, we so thankful for your presence. We thank you for the songs of Zion that we sing. We pray that they are sweet smelling savior to you. Give me more revelation. Amen. As the prophet said, not just the book of revelation but all revelation. Cuz Lord, when something is revealed to us, we can see clearly. And then we realize only you can give revelation. The scripture tells us flesh and blood not reveal these things unto you, but my father which is in heaven. And that's why we should pray to you cuz there's no one can give us revelation. only you can give it. So we pray this morning, oh God, that you would just help us to just get oursel out of the way and that you uh can speak to the hearts of your people. We thank you for all things, dear God, and we give you the praise and honor and the glory. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. We bring you greetings from the church back home. Amen. Uh we just we're all just pressing in this battle. Amen. I appreciate brother Chad for giving us the opportunity to come here to minister the word of the Lord, the words of life. And I just pray that you would just pray for me. Amen. If you will. Uh we want to just turn to a scripture. Let's go to re Revelate Romans 7 and we'll just see what the Lord do from there. Romans 7. It's good to see everyone. Been a while since we've been been up this way and uh but by God's grace, we're here. Amen. Let's go to Romans 7 verse14. He said, "For we know the law is spiritual, but I am carnal sold under sin. For that which I do, I law not. For what I do, that do I not, but what I hate, that do I. If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that is good. Now then is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. For I know that in me that is in my flesh dwelleth no good things. You know he said but sin dwelleth in me but he said for I know that in me he said that is my flesh. Paul is not talking about sin dwells in his soul. It dwells in his flesh. Sometimes people read the scripture and try to justify say, "Well, you see what Paul said. So I do things I shouldn't do. I know I shouldn't do it, but I do it in a way. But there's grace." No, you can't twist the scriptures. Can we say amen? He said, "For the will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good I find not. For the good that I would do, I do not, but the evil which I would not that I do. Now if I do that I would not, it is no more that more no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me with this is flesh. I find the law that when I would do good, evil is present with me." Then he said, "For I delight in the law after the inward man." See, he's separating the inward man from the outward man. Amen. Amen. He let know let him know my heart desires to serve the Lord, not to obey the flesh. And he said, "But I see another law in my members, warn against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members, not soul members." Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death? Amen. You may be seated. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. And I want to uh I want to read a quote here. Amen. I was just trying to uh we got in pretty late last night, but we're here by God's grace. Amen. Uh this come from the message of perfection. But B said God being infinite, who cannot lie, cannot speak anything contrary, knows everything, just as perfect at the beginning as he is at the ending. and just as perfect at the end as he was the beginning. He said God is endless like eternity. He said you could never find the corner of a perfect circle. You could run and run through ages and eternity and there'll never never be an end to it. And that's the way God is. And when when and when he be first, he said God always was. He was infinite, perfect to begin with and he'll always be the same. He never can change. He is perfectly the same. Then he began to say, he said, "Now this great chain of perfection was broken by time." I remember uh I used to have a question uh years ago not questioning the message cuz I never that's one thing I never do is question the message. I might have questions, but I don't question the message. Because uh when you start questioning the message, you just open up a big old door of doubt. Even if it's a little, but to the devil, it's a big door. And he'll start working from there. And sometimes people just don't understand how the devil work. If you can get a doubt in your mind today, if you live 10 more years, he'll wait 10 more years for he revisit the doubt that he put in your mind today. if it'll just sit there. That's just how the devil operates. Uh the devil got more patience than we do. Just to be honest with you, he actually does. I was reading the story about Abselon and David. And we know Abselon had a plan and his plan was to get the throne. And you remember how uh he tricked Joab? all of the politics and stuff that they was doing, burning Joab's field to get Joab's attention, all of that stuff. But you know, when you read that story, when Abselon began to talk about, oh, if I was the king, I would handle all your matters and I'll make sure I put you top priority. It was very crafty. But if you really look at the whole story, took him 40 years to accomplish that. So look how patient he was. Yeah. 40 years. So that's why I say the devil has a lot of patience. But you know, I had a question one time and when I heard brother Brandham talked about uh Adam and Eve fell from eternal life and a question came not questioning what he said. I said eternal life is no beginning, there's no ending. How could they fall from eternal life? That's not as interesting. That's eternal life. Yeah. I said, I want to understand. But you know, my makeup, I wait for understanding. Amen. I'll just wait. Because I do know one thing. With the right attitude, God going to reveal to me what I need to know when I need to know it. I don't uh because I'm put it to you like this. Like we said in prayer, flesh and blood can't reveal these things to you. Yeah. Don't you know somebody can be talking to you, you got something you want to know, they know the answer and they can be explaining it to you and you just like you know then you they say you you got it. You be like then you walk off still with the question but you trying but then one day just like a light turns on and then you see it plainly that was your time for God to reveal that to you. We can't make it happen but we can just wait upon him right attitude and in prayer and so forth. God will reveal. Amen. So when I began to think about that, I said, "My goodness." Then it just come clear, you know, you just wait. And he he pretty much answered my question in this message, but it was it's I'm not uh wanting to get into my question that it was, but just I want to show something that he said here that's interesting to me. He said he said then I'm sorry. He said now this great chain of perfection was broken by time space. He said time came because of sin. He said let's draw a picture of time. Let's see a perfect circle forever forever. Then all of once sin dropped in. He said put a little as my wife call it a little hickey or a little drop in the chain. So it comes down now. He said eternity continues on but is not in its perfect condition. Here's a little gap comes down break over this way goes out this way. God had to do that because Satan caused it. So what happened when Adam and Eve they failed from eternal life? What the to make the question so simple to me when he explained it they would have never failed. They would have lived eternally if sin never would have came into the picture. So they had eternal life. As long as there was no sin coming into the picture, they would have lived. Amen. Can we say amen? But then he said then time dropped in. So when time dropped in, that's when all of the aging came. Because you remember when sin, and I'll read a quote here in a moment. When sin came into the picture, the prophet even talks about like a big old uh dark uh sheep fell down to the earth and so forth and then everything began to change. Yeah. Amen. Uh but the thing of it is it because of one man. Adam. Sin was able to enter into the world because of one man. Not one woman but one man. But now sin entered into the world through Adam. But God had to come himself to be the second Adam to take us back to the Garden of Eden, take us back to them conditions. So he began to say here, he said, he said God had to do that because Satan caused it and it dropped down to a space of time for trying. Now this is what was interesting. He said for trying and the perfecting and for the purging of the loss. He said that's God by his sovereign grace might someday lift that little hickey or gap back into the perfect circle. Then she rolls on just the same. He said time. Now time is this little loop. It drops down. Jesus was from eternity to eternity. But he stepped in time space and was made flesh. come through here in the order to sanctify or put a streak of blood all across this place to redeem it and connect it back with God again for all eternity. You see that's all time. He said then God when it started here at the end of the little kink in the perfect circle that made it a little kink in it. When God started here he was perfect. Everything he said was perfect. Everything he does is perfect. Amen. It was a spot that I was looking for. I didn't print it out, but I could just kind of quote it. But what brother Brandon made a statement in the message perfection. He said that we are actually living in time preparing for eternity. He said living in time preparing for eternity. So, amen. So, uh, uh, I really I can use that for a title, but to be honest with you, I don't have a title, but we'll use that for a title because it is kind of blend in with, uh, what we have on our heart. And I'll be honest with you this morning, I have a lot of things on my heart. Uh just lately even at my at the church we been dealing with a lot of things and just kind of laid back and just dealing with stuff because I began to observe see so many things going on and and we just tried to work with the church but something happened to me back in December. Uh I was I was overseas. God just put it in my heart and and say stay home. So I don't really go nowhere. only when I came cuz Chad called and I and I didn't feel led not to come so I came but I'm content I'm very happy being home I really like being home now I do so I don't go I really don't really have a desire to go really nowhere because something has happened in my own church and I'm working with it and I see now why God told me in December kind of stay home and that's what I do. And uh what I've been doing is working with the young people in the church and uh and I've been enjoying it because the way I looked at it, you don't preach all around here, youth camps and this is what about the young people in your own church. I was assuming just because I'm preaching, they getting it. I was assuming and I said, "No, I need to work with them." So that's what I do. We try to take one month out of one week out weekend out of the month and I sit down and talk to them. And I'm going to be honest with you. I go over them with marriage and divorce. Godraise God. I deal with marriage and divorce, courtship, dating. I deal with the whole nine yard. That's what I do. Cuz I'm instilling I'm instilling in their heart. I'm getting old. I'm not always going to be here. If there is a tomorrow, I said, you're it. I said, you're the one when the elders die off. Whatever we leave here, that's what's going to happen in the church. I said, but if you are rock solid on the message of this hour, Amen. When I leave, everything that's been planted here, every seed that's been planted here, that's what will stay. Amen. And that seed has to be the word. I can't plant me into them. No. Amen. Because if I plant them into me, them me into them, when I die, guess what? They'll die. They'll die. But if I can get them to a new birth, and they got a clear understanding of this message. If I die, they still go on because now they have a relationship with God. And I said, you know, I don't know who's going to be a minister in this church and or what's going on. I don't know what God is going to do. I said, "But I do know if you are solid on this message with a new birth, this church will continue on just as it was when I was here." See, that's what's important. Amen. Is that right? That's why many when brother Brandham passed away, many failed. Because brother Brandham, they worshiped brother Brandham. They failed. They didn't catch what the message was, what he was doing. What is to me the message is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Yeah, that's what the message is to me. Praise the Lord. So, I don't get into egos. I don't get into uh comparisons. I I don't get into that kind of stuff cuz it's it's a shame you got ministers now not really preaching the gospel. They're preaching ego. They're preaching their personal complexes, their personal battles they got with another preaching stuff like this. We We don't need that. Praise the Lord. We we don't need that. And I don't bring that to my church and talking about my disagreement with this brother. No, I don't I don't do that. But I will stand on against a spirit cuz sometime there's certain spirit that float around. You have to just deal with them and prepare the church. If this comes up, this is where I'm showing you where it come from. Not trying to call a name or individual, but a spirit cuz that's my job to do that. Amen. But we but when he made the statement we are living in time preparing for eternity. So actually while you are living right now this is time for the purpose to prepare you for eternity. Amen. This message did not prepare us to stay here. It prepares us to leave, but it also prepares us how to deal with things while we're here. Amen. Because this world is not our home. Amen. So long as you got breath in your life, you have an opportunity to prepare for eternity. That's what it's all about. Yeah. Soon as sin fell into the earth, fell into the world, God great plan of redemption. Amen. which already had started in the back part of the line, but now it's being manifested on earth. Well, man now is preparing to meet that God again. Can we say amen? That's why in Genesis, it started with worship with Adam, I mean with Cain and Abel. It started with worship. Each one of them had it in them to worship, right? But God showed a pattern right there in Genesis that how a Abel the scripture explains how Abel's sacrifice was respected and Cain wasn't. But look how grateful God was. He taught Cain if you do what your brother do you'll do well. Amen. But if you don't death lies, sin lies at the door. God laid a whole pattern right there in Genesis because everything starts in Genesis. Amen. See uh I I love the message how brother Brandham just explains certain things and it just becomes eyeopeners to me. Amen. You know sometimes uh you know people be people want to put you in categories. We shouldn't put one another in categories. Ministers shouldn't put that minister in a category. We shouldn't do things like that. We are to respect one another for exactly what we are. And it saddens my heart when ministers do that. Some put categories. You don't read enough quote. You read too much scriptures and and then now you read too much scriptures and where's the quotes and it's that's nonsense. Can we say praise the Lord? I have preached services myself. It just out of one quote because that one quote brother Brown said so many things in one quote to the Bible just open up even more and I start running through the scriptures and that one quote just stay right there with everything. There's nothing wrong with that. Can we say praise the Lord? There's nothing wrong with that. Amen. And some talking about I don't have you don't have a right. I ain't not me but some mentality of people you don't have a right to read a scripture refer to it. Brother Brandham didn't refer to it. I said Lord have mercy. What is your understanding of the opening of the word? The Bible whole Bible is open. Can we say amen? The whole Bible is open and I thank God. I don't care if you find say we found a tape that brother Brandon that haven't been published yet and we don't found it now we going to bring it out. I said it make no different what the tape is. It ain't going to go against the ones already have. Can we say amen? Ain't nothing new is coming but what it is you and I as a personal individual God is opening your eyes up more giving you revelation. So I just thank God for those things and and and just uh I appreciate what God is doing when I when when I hear like brother Chad in Poland, it was a young brother I was trying to get him to come preach for me Wednesday. I really like him. Brother Solomon Huffman, I called him and I and you know you've been around a while when you call somebody on the phone if it's a different ringtone, you know they overseas. You say, "Yep, he overseas." That's your phone rang different. And and the brother said, "Brother Burley," I said, "Hey, could you come by Wednesday?" He said, "Brother, I'm in Honduras." And just him saying that when I got off the phone, I was just like, "God be praised." How this brethren out there in that field laboring. See, you come to church Sunday, you say, "Well, we in church," but somebody's laboring. Yeah. Somebody's traveling. Somebody's overseas. Somebody risking their lives. Somebody is doing something for this gospel. Amen. And I think how the prophet balanced everything out. If you can't go, send somebody. That makes you just as much as a part of that work. I thank God for that. And I said, boy, it just I just appreciate ministers with just a burden not to preach themselves, but with a burden to go out there and try to grab souls, cuz God, this is God's work. It's not the work of man. Amen. But we're actually living in time just for one reason is to prepare for eternity. Amen. Amen. So, let me just uh I got some things. I was just jotting them down and looking at some things and I could just share with you is in my heart. Amen. I want to go to questions and answers to deal with the scripture that we read in Romans 7. Brother Brandon began to uh read that scripture and he began to refer to it. This is question answer 1964. He says he said they wrote out the scripture that Paul is speaking to the Romans. He said let me kind of polish it up so you can see. I like the way he put it cuz just reading Romans 7 your mind is like man he won't and he will what you know just be honest but he said let me polish it up not change it but let me polish it up so you can understand no so you can see which is the same thing he said in me is two persons amen not two souls two persons. Amen. He said he said one wants to do wrong, the other wants me to do what the then he said the other wants me to do and every time I start to do right then the wrong hinders me. He said, "How many of you people on the interviews this afternoon has run that same thing and this morning?" See, same thing. I spoke on it this morning temporarily. He said, "You are an outward man which is controlled by six senses. You are an inward man controlled by one sense which is faith." Amen. which we also know in different messages he taught in your soul is either faith or doubt. Faith is going to control you or doubt is going to control you. But he just said here a few words and I was sharing this with the church Wednesday. He just when he just said this free word right here, my mind just like wow I knew this but this this is good. He says right here, he said, "And this faith disagrees with all six senses if the six senses doesn't agree with faith." I said, "M, that's very powerful to me." So, I preached a message, faith disagrees. Faith would disagree with any sense if that sense disagrees with the word. Amen. That sounds so simple, but that's powerful. That actually teaches me even more. Whenever my senses, we know these things. Whenever I start thinking wrong or my reasoning, trying to start reasoning, my faith rise up. What do my faith takes me back to is the word. That's what it's going to take me to the word. The reason say this is okay. But the word say this is wrong. Then I just kill reason and I stay with what faith says in the word. Amen. He said now as long as these six senses agree with faith, wonderful. But when the six sense disagree with faith, then leave the six senses alone. That is so simple but yet so hard for people to do. And the reason why people feed the black dog Yeah. more than they will the white dog. Amen. You remember he asked the chief, he said, "How chief doing? Chief good, chief bad." He said, "How could that be?" He said, "There's two dogs in me and they're fighting against each other." He said, "One of them whack, one of them white, I'm sorry. One of them white, one of them black." Then he asked the question, who wins? He said, "It depends on not who my wife feed the most or my husband feed the most. It depends on who I feed the most. That's who wins. See, uh I've been dealing with uh I don't know why. Well, God just been dealing with my heart with reasoning. It's a It's I began to when you talk to people, it's more interesting to me reasoning. How people actually be reasoning against the word and don't even see it. Yeah. And you can see you be like, "Really? This is simple, but why? Why? Why you letting your mind run like that? But then I just go right back to the word. I said, because they ain't got faith in the word. Faith in the word, it kills reasoning. But reasoning is so powerful. Yeah. Within itself. People think it's something to play with, but it's not. So, let's talk about this for a moment. You don't mind? Amen. Amen. I believe if I can find the quote, y'all bear with me. I'm not fast as I used to be. I thank God um I could actually see better. I thank God for that. It's been uh painful, but I can see it a little bit better. In the message conflict between God and Satan, he said God can't give nothing else but his word. Amen. Because that's what he chose first. When God makes a decision, he has to ever remain that way. He said, "Satan took reasoning and took the reasoning and attacked the word and shook Eve off the path." That's right. By reasoning, human reasoning. He's now the only way that he she could have gotten to disbelieve God's word, it had to be appealing. See, we're living in this age of something appealing. Are you with me? reasoning is very appealing. Now, he had to get E with appealing. He said, "And Satan knows how to make reasoning appealing." He said, "Satan knows how to do it." That's right. It has to appeal to you. And sin is very appealing. There's only one sin that's unbelief. So, it's really appealing. Satan makes sin so appealing to you. Amen. Now, he says here, uh, take on the whole armor of God. Satan tried to get into to spy out to see what how he could get a hold of that human race. He took one of the most famous tactics. It showed that he had to be a supernatural power to think it. He used this the first time and was successful. He's done it ever since. Still successful to a certain estate. He uses reasoning against faith. I'm I'm happy he put that spot. He's c he's successful to a certain estate. Because there are some some people they know how to cast down reasoning. Amen. Are you with me? So he began to deal with this situation on reasoning. Satan came to Eve and began to reason against the word of God. The great armor that God had fortified his people with. He began to use reasoning. See, it's only reasonable that God would not destroy you. Surely you will not die. But remember, friend, that Satan tactic to begin with. He still uses the same thing and still successful with it. Reasoning. Amen. I'm seeing that spirit. I don't know what going on up here, whatever, but I'm seeing that spirit more powerful now happening in people lives than anything. It's reasoning cuz that's what started the fall. So, look what's happening now. Reasoning. I'm going to go into some reasoning things in a moment if the Lord would help us. The Bible tells us, I want to turn to a few scriptures here and we'll get to my message that we're trying to get to. I want to go to Genesis 1. I preach out of Genesis a lot. Cuz I know if I can catch the beginning, the book of Revelation shows the end. Everything in between show how all of it just comes up to the end. Amen. When I always look at Genesis chapter 1, I preach on this a lot. It's the birth of the earth. And I also look at that the birth of you and me. Amen. Cuz when God created the earth, he had you and me in mind. God laid everything right in Genesis. He laid adoption, the church ages, the seals, all of these is laying right here in the book of Genesis. Amen. When I see the earth, when God created the earth, it begin to talks about the firmament, the stars and the moon, all these things is there because the earth is not a self- sustaining system. The earth cannot sustain by itself. If he just was just the earth without the solar system, without Mars, without Jupiter, without the sun, without the stars, the earth is can't make it by itself. Amen. And when I seen that, I realized I can't make it by myself. Amen. I am not a self- sustaining system. I need my brothers. I need my sisters. Amen. The earth need the sun. Yeah. Cuz if it didn't have the sun, it would just be a ball of ice. Yeah. Amen. The earth needs the moon. Cuz if it wasn't for the moon, the earth would continually flood. Is that right? The earth need the stars at night time to give light. It It's not self- sustaining within itself. It needs other things from outwardly. That's why the scripture when it speaks, we'll read it in a moment. He created the sun, the moon, and the star to do what? The scripture said to give light on the earth. Amen. So everything has a purpose. That's why you and I, we're not self-sustaining. Amen. But with God in your soul, yeah. Can we say amen? He's the keeper. He's the keeper of your soul. But yet, we still need one another. Amen. I can't do without you and you can't do without me. If you are the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Is that right? So, we we when in Genesis one, I want to go here. Let me go to verse 14. God said, "Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night. Let them be for signs and for seasons and for days and years. He's explaining everything what the purpose for everything is. Yeah. He said, "Let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth." And it was so. God made two great lights, a greater light to rule the day, a lesser light to rule the night. He made the stars also. God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth. He says it twice here. And then he said to rule over the day, rule over the night and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good. I asked the church, I said, uh, when you read that, what do you see? I said, looking at it cornerally, you just see sun, stars, and moons and earth. Yeah. I said that's and I said that's not incorrect. If you're a scientist read that he going to start breaking it down to you. The solar systems and the cosmic light. That's what he going to start doing. I said but when I look at it myself because how God don't open up everything to us. I said I see Christ. I see br the bride and I said I see the messengers. Amen. I said and I see me. Amen. I said that's what I see when I read this scripture. I said but in this scripture we we we when we see it it it places us to tell us exactly who we are. We know the sun we are type the moon. And we know the moon reflects no light of his own. It can only reflect the light of the sun. I said so I see Christ in here and I see the bride. I said because we have no light of our own. Yeah. I said, "But the scripture tells us these are for time, signs, and seasons." I said, "It's laying right here." I said, "But what is the purpose for all of these things is to give light on the earth." I said, "So we here as the bride of Jesus Christ, what is our purpose to be here for? It's to give light, not darkness. It is to give light." That's what our purpose is for. We're living in a dark world, but God got us here. Jesus said, "You are the light of the world." Now, he was the light. He said, "But now you are the light because this he the sun now don't transfer the light to the moon." Amen. I said, "This is what I see." And I said, "Notice the thing that I love." He God made two great lights. The greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night. He made the stars also. He said the lesser light which is the moon to rule the night. I said that telling me my place and my position is here to rule. Amen. Not the night rule me, but me rule the night. I said this is what the Bible is telling me. And we don't rule that within ourselves. Can we say praise the Lord? So we look at things differently. That's why I don't believe the bride of Jesus Christ is failure. I believe in the power of God. I really believe it with all of my heart. All the things that can happen in this world, I look at God positioning Yeah. his people. Amen. Are you with me? We move. We shift. I don't look I don't look at thing negatively. I wait and I watch how God is shifting things. It it it stir my heart up that even some people that done left the message coming back. Praise God. It stirs my heart. But those are the one never said the message was wrong. Yeah. Right. They just said, "I can't live it." Right. But I know it's right. Yeah. But now they coming back. Amen. because they realizing ain't nothing out there. I had an individual call me yesterday said, "Brother Burley, I done everything I could to try to go to denomination just to try to get something." Said, "I remember what Brother Brandham said and you can get a little piece of throw out the seed out just something." She said, "But I can't take it no more." She said, "I know." She pretty much I know I supposed to be. I said, "Well, you was just a chicken. You was just a eagle in the chicken coop." I said, "You knew that, but now you done experienced it." Yeah, that's right. Now it's time to come back home. Amen. Never dis call the prophet false, nothing like that. But realize I can't live this. I got more respect for people like that. Amen. Because I know it's hope that they can come back. And I just leave it alone. It'll be their time and season. God ain't going to lose none. And then you'll get some come back within matter of months. It seem like their faith is stronger than one that's been sitting around. Yeah, that's right. Are you with me? And then the one sitting around, they don't pop back up in church and trying to be all spiritual now. Oh, look at them. I said, "Look out, prodical son, older brother." Amen. Hello. He had that same attitude. You never done nothing fat for me. You ain't done that for me. None of that. That's a bad attitude. I'm just thankful that they coming back. Can we say amen? I don't debate with the ones that don't believe it. Yeah. I don't know why some of us think that you yourself can change an unbeliever. Right? So I don't debate with it. I let it go. When they say I don't believe, I say, thank you. You save me a lot of time wondering, do you believe or not? Let me go put my energy somewhere else. I'm not going to go an hour an hour after you just told me you don't believe. Right. I want to talk to somebody that want to believe. I want to talk to somebody that's thirsty for God. Amen. Want to move up higher higher depths with the Lord Jesus Christ. That's who I want to talk to. Not religious games. That's right. Amen. Y'all don't mind I just talk to you a little bit. Draise. This is serious. Yeah. Three weeks ago, I preached a funeral. Good. Many people there. I already knew what was going to happen. woman preacher sit beside me. I didn't get up there and say, "Oh, you woman preacher." No, I let them do their thing cuz it's I'm just come pay respect for one of the members in the church love one. But I tell you one thing about funerals, I always try to have an alter call. Always. I try to have an altar call. So when I come in there and sit down, they singing a song, making the comments and then the woman preacher gets up and she uh member of the relatives of the relatives and pray. She starts praying, start praying one of them prayers, try to make people go uh jump or whatever. I just had my head bowed. I said, "Lord," I said, "This woman is so messed up. She even praying a lot cuz the stuff she was saying in the prayer was unscriptural. Yeah. But I said, "I ain't worried about that. I'm here for another reason." Yeah. After she finished and I come to the pool pit, I knew they was going to read that scripture. Let not thy heart be troubled. Believe in God. Believe also in me. He said, "I'll go prepare a place for you." I knew they was going to read that. So they did. I just come to the pool pit and I said, 'You know, I said, I have to be honest. I said, is there's anybody in here, you know, you're wrong, but you want to serve God? I said, I'm talking to you. I said, now the rest of you going to get mad at me. I said, I'm going to explain why. I said, ' Can you tell me who in the Bible got mad at Jesus? I said, ' Was it the woman in the whale at the whale? Was it the woman caught in adultery? So, neither one or none of them got mad at Jesus. I said, "Who got mad at Jesus?" Some of them, some people responded. They said, "Parisee, Sadduceed." I said, "Thank you." And I said, "I just I want to let you know if you get mad at me, that's what you are. That's just who that's just what you are." I said, "What? You are a religious hypocrite." And I said, "You are the one going to get mad at me." I said, "But if you hungry and you're thirsting for God," I said, "I can talk to you, and this is what I come for." That's what I told him. I said, "Now," I said, "In the scripture, what they just read, I said, I want to read it again." I said, "Jesus said, I go prepare a place for you that where I am, that you'll be there also." Amen. I said, "Where is that place?" I said, "Can you tell me where that place is that he's talking about?" I said, "Let's read the place that he's talking about." I said, "It's over here in the book of Revelation, New Jerusalem, prepared, adorned as a bride for his, you know, the scripture." Amen. I said, "That's the place he went to go prepare." Amen. Yeah. I said, "But what's interesting to me, he tells me who's going to be in that place and who's not going to be in that place." Yeah, that's right. Like, I said, "Right here." He said, "The filthful, the unbeliever, all liars." I said, "Look at somebody say all liars." They said, "All liars, fornicators." I said, "He said they ain't going to be in that place." M and so if you're doing that right now, you need any of that in your life as I'm here to tell you presently that place is not for you. You're not going. I said and Jesus was talking in the book of John when he said, "I go prepare that place for you." I said, "Who is he talking to?" I said, "Judas's chariot wasn't there. He was talking to the disciples, but he didn't make that promise to Judas." Yeah. Right. I said he couldn't have. Yeah. I said, "But Judas had a place prepared for him, but it ain't the one that Jesus was talking about for the believers." Yeah. Right. I said his disciples was present with him. I said, "Young people, I'm not young people." I said, "People, if you're not a disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ, as I'm speaking to you right now, I said in John 14, he wasn't talking to you." True. He was talking to disciples. I'm going to prepare that place for you. Now they getting a little got their attention. I said if you are a temple, you a house. You a vessel. Yeah. I just preached a message. A house for a house. That's what I preached. I said Jesus going to prepare a temple, house, tabernacle, however you want to put it. You say you want to go there. I said, but Jesus needs a house right now. Amen. Right. I said he want a house right now. So he'll give you a house. Yeah. Right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Cuz he want to live in you. He want to dwell in you. I said he says he said that me and my father will come and make our abode in you. Yeah. I said that means a permanent residence. I said but he need a house now before he can take you to that house. Amen. And so I'm talking to houses. Yeah. Amen. Then I asked the question. I said, "How many of you got a house?" They raised their hand. I said, "Do you rent it or do you buy it?" I say, "Difference." And I was being very, very sincere. See, they were wanting me to come straight at and just attack. No, I use parables. Amen. so they can pick up something natural so they could see. Amen. I said, "Explain to me why you're renting that house. You don't remodel it." Yeah. Right. But if you want to do a little something, I said, "You'll put some cheap paint in it." Yeah. Yeah. When you rent a house and you're going to want to paint a wall, you're not going to get no bear. You ain't going to get no Sharon Williams whims, right? Yes. You going to find the cheapest paint you can get and just long as it can look different. Right. Right. I said, "But why is it when you when you own the house, when you want to do something to it, why do you get the best?" Because it's yours. Yeah. I said, "It's yours. You want to put the best in it." Yes, sir. I said, now Jesus want you to be his house. Yeah. And if that be the case, he want to put the best in it. Amen. And I said the best that he want to put in is himself. Amen. I said friends, you don't want to be rental property. Amen. Yeah. I said Paul said we was bought with a price. Amen. I said we we've been bought with the price. Jesus want to put the best in it. You don't want to be rental property. You know what rental property is? I'm not trying to be funny. I said, "You can sing, make people cry. You can speak in tongues. You can do all those miracles. You can do all of that." I said, "But if he ain't living in that house, you just rental property." Yeah. He used you for a season. So, Dayton and Kora was rental property. K. Ephesus was rental property. Right. Judas was rental property. Yeah. That's what Paul, Peter, James, John bought property cuz he resided in them. Amen. Amen. Yes. He only used the gifts of the others, but he didn't tabernacle inside of them. Even Caesar is the devil used him to prophesy. But God wasn't living in him. Right? I said, "You don't want to be that type of rental property where God can just use your voice to sing, but God could just use you to play and bless other people and then yet he's not inside of you." I said, "That you don't want to do that. That's just rental property." That's what happened when they said, "Lord, did not we prophesy? Lord, did not we do this?" Jesus never denied nothing. Yeah, you did it. He said, "But depart from me. I didn't know you. I didn't have a relationship with you. I wasn't living in you." I said you don't want to be that but you want to be the one where God could come and dwell in this house. You be used of him tabernacle inside of you. That's a desperate. Amen. Hallelujah. And you know what? That touched a lot of people. Praise God. It touched them because they realized, hey, this me this word is real. I think that done fallen even around the message. People just don't come to an organizational life. Come to church, sing, shake hands, see us Wednesday, see you Sunday, that's it. No, God want to be in your life every day. God want to be speaking to you every day, not just in church. And you just got a desire every day, thirsting and hungry for heavenly things and the rapture. Amen. I can't think of nothing else. I just want to get out of here. Yes. Amen. Are you with me? That wasn't in the notes, but anyway, God, I'm just being honest with you. This message is power. Can we say amen? We are not a defeated people. We should be able to face anything. Any situation, any spirit. Not afraid of it. That's the way I feel. I'm not afraid of nothing. There's no fear. Amen. Because I know whom I believe. I'm not ashamed of this gospel. Amen. So, we see things. I'm getting to my message. Bless the Lord. I'm just thankful. I was presenting to them Christ just then. I asked him, "Anybody need prayer?" And I found out later on somebody was in the back. Come on, man. Prayer, prayer, prayer, man. Come on. I said, "Wow, people hearts are so cold now." Let me explain something to you. Satan. When brother Bley talk about the greatest battle ever fought, he talk about Satan's ambition. And when Satan was kicked out of heaven, his ambition did not change. Right. But do you ever think here is a devil in heaven in a heavenly place with his own ambition? Yeah. In a heaven with his own desire, what he want to do, what he want to be outside of God. Yeah, we look at that. Wow, that's a devil. But what about sitting in church in the presence of God? The word going forward. But you can sit there with your own ambition of what you want to do. Amen. I don't want to hear all that. I know I want to do in my life. I know that's no different than what Satan's situation was. Amen. When you come to church, the best time to come is when you don't want to come. The best time to pray is when you don't feel like praying. The best time to sing is when you don't feel like singing. Amen. Because it becomes a sacrifice. Yeah. You push your way through. Amen. Can we say amen? We don't want to just serve God in the good times, even in the worst of time, in the hard times. And I'm going tell you right now, I've learned God put you in situations where there's no human ability you have to get out of it. For you'll be forced to trust him. I call that the love of God. To let us know, I don't need your human ability, but you need me. Amen. When I look at the scripture even in Genesis 1, in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. Earth was without form and void. Darkness was upon the face of the deep and the spirit of God move upon the face of the waters. I look at that scripture and and then when I read Revelation 17, it says, "And he said unto me, the water which thou sawest where the horse sitteth are peoples, multitudes, and nations and tongues." So we know waters also represent people. But what happened in Genesis when it begin to tell us in Genesis, we know darkness was there, right? Right. Darkness was there and seed was there. Yeah. But the seed was hindered because the darkness was there. So what did God have to do? Move back the darkness so that the light can strike the seed. Amen. So that right there in Genesis then was a physical darkness. Right? It was a physical darkness there. But remember, there's no darkness could move if the spirit of God don't move first. Amen. The earth condition could not change until the spirit of God move. Amen. And that's what we need more than anything in this day. It's the spirit of God to move. Are you with me? Now, that don't mean you got to run when God's spirit move. Some get that twist up. That don't mean you're going to leap, jump, and scream when the spirit of God move. Some people that happen to, some people it doesn't. Are you with me? Some sitting right there in the church, spirit of God moving, they can just be doing just like this. Then you might get one that run, jump, scream. That's fine. Amen. But nothing could change to the spirit of God move. But when the spirit of God moved, what did that light do? It struck the seed. There was a physical darkness there. But yet it was a spiritual one there as well. Satan. Let me read this to you. Third seal. But barely said, "So Eve got to strolling in the garden. She ran into the serpent, a very polished up sort of fellow and and he began now he was on the other side. God lives, dwells, works in humanity, never any other way. Now the little humble lady walking along there, Satan came up as wise, slick, polished sort of fella. He wanted to sell her the program. Now, here's what I love. He said, "No matter how much Satan was around, as long as she stayed behind his word, she was all right." So, there was a spiritual darkness circling around in Genesis. Yeah. But it couldn't do nothing. Yeah. Right. Amen. As long as Eve them stood behind the word, darkness was spiritual darkness was around him, but he couldn't do nothing. Yeah. Right. Think about you and me in this dark age. As long as you stand behind the word, the darkness all around us, but it can't do nothing to you as long as you stand behind that word. No matter how much Satan was around, as long as she stayed behind this word, she was all right. So let Satan do whatever he wants to. You just stay with the word. Don't make a bit of different. If he says while you're sick, you say by his stripes I'm healed. See, while you're going to die, he will raise me up again. See, he promised. He just showing us even when darkness is around you, even try to speak to you, you just stay with the word. But what do people that do? Let reasoning let reasoning sets in. Amen. We don't have to do that. Reasoning it actually mean the process of forming conclusions, judgments or interferences from facts or premises. The act or process of reaching a decision or a conclusion. That's what reasoning mean. Other words, things going back and forth in the mind to come to a conclusion. It either going to be I'm not going to believe or I'm going to doubt. Reasoning is a very powerful spirit. Amen. There's family reasonings, church reasonings, individual reasoning. People reason but don't look into the word and see what the word says. Amen. Y are you with me? Amen. The Bible tells us, "For the weapon of our welfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to pulling down the strongholds, casting down imagination, everything high thing that exalted itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity. Every thought to the obedience of Christ, every thought bringing it into captivity." What did he say? Faith disagrees. Yeah. Amen. When reasoning come with something negative, what does faith do? It stands up and it disagrees. Amen. Are we all right this morning? We'll get a little personal, but just stay right in there with me. Reasoning. Brother Brandon give definitions of reasoning, not what Webster gives, but I also like his better in the message. the uncertain sound. He said reasoning tries to find a way out. He said, "Reasoning, cast down reasoning. Cast them down. God don't want you to have reason. Reason always tries to find a way out. Faith don't reason. Faith just believes." Yes, your mind you make. He said, "What makes you reason?" It's a liar. The lie detector proves that. God's Bible first proves it. But your soul is immortal, brother, sister. Your reasoning power will leave you when death strike you. But your soul will be with you through eternity. Won't you believe God's word today and accept him? Reasoning. Then he began to say reasoning. He said now the enemy spy this come from the message the trumpet gives an uncertain sound tried to find out what he could do to break into that so he know he couldn't just come out and bluff her talking about the devil talking to Eve only thing he could do was to get her on reasoning and that's what he uses he well he said that's what God used today to fortify his church is his word Satan comes around with reasoning power. Satan know that was a loophole. That was the place that people would break the easiest was reasoning. I'm just trying to present to you the power of reasoning where make people break the easiest and it always looking for a way out. That's why you got divorcing stuff. People don't let a reasoning spirit get upon them and they looking for a way out of the marriage instead of having faith in the word. Say, "Lord, show me where my fault is at, my wife fault is at so we can get to the word and keep this thing together." Right? But reasoning, Yeah. I knew it. I shouldn't have married her. Right. I made a big mistake. People warn me not to do it. So, I got the wrong one. So, I think I need to leave this situation. That's reasoning. Yeah. But faith come back say, "But you made a vow." Amen. Amen. Yes. And faith said and and the preacher he said you made a vow and the preacher and you agreed. Yeah. Until death do we part. Good, better, worse, ugly, bad, sad, don't make no difference. Are you with me? Amen. But reasoning will work it way until you when you one thing about reason when you accept what it gives you, it gives you a fake piece that you're actually right and 100% wrong. Yeah. Right. Hello, somebody. Amen. This come from the whole armor of God. When Jesus of Naz were here on earth, he never used his power. Yet he was God manifested in flesh. He never used his power when Satan came against him. You notice he didn't use his power when Satan came against it, right? Amen. That's powerful. Yeah. But he was showing you and me, you don't have to go, "Oh, devil, I got all power down." No. He uses his word. Amen. And you know where you're at in the word. God showed us the pattern. You can do the exact same thing. Amen. Are we together? Yeah. He was God manifest in the flesh. He never used his power when Satan came against him. He said, "It is written." He had to do that because Eve broke down on that. What Eve lost, Christ regained. What Eve let down, Christ fortified again. It is written, "Man shall not live by bread alone." It is written, "Thou shalt not attempt the Lord thy God." It is written, what is it? He stayed with the original artillery. Amen. I like how he put it. The original artillery. Yeah. If any of you in military or been in military and and you like to like guns and stuff and the new advanced military stuff they come out, you be reading getting excited. Say, "Wow, what a weapon the US got now." You just excited. But you know what? God never changes. Amen. Amen. It make no difference what ages, what years past his word is the same and it be defeats the devil the same. You and I are using the same word Luther used. Amen. Is that right? But you can't take Lutheran message and survive this day. Yeah. But we got the same Bible. But what is the difference instead of anointing? Amen. Can we say praise the Lord? It's what God has released in this day. Yeah. But yet the same word. She begin to listen to reasoning. And that's where people today who can almost reason you right down prove to you that thing is wrong. Satan was very successful with ease. What does reasoning do? It makes it appealing. So he I read three things. Reason Satan know it make people break the easiest. And then he also said reasoning it is appealing. I can't remember what the third one is right off my head but I go back and read. make people break the eases and it's appealing and it always try to find a way out. That's right. Marriages is being attacked so hard now and many give up. But what they don't realize when they give up what it cost to happen to the children. That's right. preach. That's what they don't understand what happened to the children. Yeah. I was reading an article where they talking about why now why the younger generation really don't want to get married. They'll rather just shack up because they see they see so much divorce. That's the world. But it shouldn't be us. Amen. It shouldn't be because let me tell you, I believe this is a perfect message. We get the Holy Ghost, apply the word to us, it'll perfect our lives. It'll perfect our marriage. I believe that with all of my heart. There's nothing can separate me and my wife. And our marriage is not perfect, but we sure striving for it. It might take more and more. We've been together 38 years. We still working on it. Amen. And it's good. Yeah. Amen. Cuz I begin to learn more and more how reasoning acts. I've been knowing these things, but I'm looking into it more and more. God, I hope they don't watch the sermon. I'm gonna make a example, somebody. I hope they don't. I ain't going to call their name, but I just hope they don't listen to this sermon. This little couple got married. They've been married about two years now. And the young man talks to me a lot. But when he talks to me, I be laughing. I don't want to laugh, but I just a thought become in my mind cuz I know it's something I already he don't sat in the church year. I know I already preached it. So I'm like, where were you? Let him talk. Let him talk. The Bible makes it very plain. A woman is a weaker vessel. Sister, say, "Amen." Look at your husband. Say, "I'm the weaker vessel." You got to look at him and say it. But say, "Honey, I'm the weaker vessel, but I'm not weak." Say it. Some of you like you need a chiropractor. You want to turn your head. Now, husband, look at your wife and say, "God couldn't give me nothing better. That's outside of salvation. But you Why some of you say it and one looking straight, but you can't even look at each other and say it. Huh? Like he's straining to say it. If you're straining to say that, that's because something going wrong. Something going wrong. Cuz if everything were good, you can just look right at each other and say it. But that strength and I can promise you, you've been battling with reasoning. You know, I told my wife, I said, "Honey," I said, "I want you to repeat after me." She said, "Okay." She looked right at me, said, "Honey." She said, "Honey, as of today, as of today, all of my arsenal, all of my arsenal, I'mma destroy it. I'mma destroy it. That's okay. Do y'all know what that mean? Some of you don't. In the military term, arsenal mean stored up weapons. Military term stored up weapons. So what that means, husband and wives got arsenal. Oh, you like Oh, you do when she if she offends you or do something that wasn't right. Said, "I ain't going to say nothing now. I'll wait for later." You just stored Arsenal. Oh, I didn't like what he did, but I ain't going to say nothing. I'll wait later. You put it in your arsenal. And it's wrong. Yeah. Amen. Some of you got bazookas, dynamite, grenades, and everything in your arsenal and you just waiting for the argument to come up. Which one going to be the right one to pick? What you think happening when you and your wife have a disagreement and you trying to explain something and the other one be going like, "Mhm." Yeah. Mhm. They're not listening to you. They're just wait while you're saying that they're looking in their arsenal which one they gonna use to come back at you. You know that's wrong. Yeah. You're laughing but it's wrong. Got to lay it down. Amen. The best way to kill that arsenal is don't let stuff build up. Hello. Don't let it build up. But there is a wisdom to that side. Sometimes you can discern they didn't really mean that. But that have to be addressed. I'll just wait for later to address it cuz right now ain't going to happen. Yeah, that's not putting in the arsenal for an attack, but waiting for the right time to deal with the situation. But when you just storing them all up, I'll wait. I know he going to come back. He going to say something or she or that's wrong. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. My wife asked me, she said, "Burley, we made an agreement on Arsenal." She said, "Is that agreement just between you and me or that means everybody?" I said, "That's everybody. Everybody that you don't put some arsenal up to say something, you waiting on them." I said, "You got to kill all that stuff." Amen. She said, "But what if it bothers me when I think about it?" I said, "Oh, that means you got to go to that person and talk to them." I said, "That's what that means." I said, "Oh, yeah." I had a young lady come to the line, prayer line, a couple weeks ago. I was just preaching. I was preaching about how some people leave the church so quick. They don't want you to say nothing to them. They don't want you talk to them. They just say, "Hey, I came here to do my dude. I just want to hear the word. I'm out." That's bad. And they think they getting somewhere with God. With that kind of attitude, you ain't getting nowhere with God like that. Then somebody come, hey, how you doing? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Just go. But then all of a sudden, they do it so much people get used to them doing it. People don't say nothing to them. They take off and leave. And then it's then it flips back on them. Now they like, "No, nobody care about me. Nobody care about me." No, somebody tried to care about you, but you just kept presenting that energy. Say, "Hey, I give you your space." See, that done flipped around. Yeah. What it is is childish. Amen. That's what it is. Are you with me? Amen. You going to shake nobody hand? No. No. No. No. That's wrong. God can't deal with you like that. you going to have now deal with yourself. And I was just saying then a sister came up to the altar. She said, "What you said is me." I said, "Woo!" She said, "What you just said?" She said, "I don't came to preachers after preachers to help pray with me with this situation." And now here I'm with you. I said, "Well, this going to be your last stop. I can promise you that." That's cuz the problem is you. Mhm. I said, "The only way you going to break that your resentments run to your car." I said, "There's only one way to break it. Every person you got the resentment, you got to go to him." And I said, "You might even be the one wrong, not even them." So, you go make it right, you'll crush that devil. That's the only way to get out of those kinds is to be honest. Are you with me? Amen. But that reasoning, no, I ain't got to shake nobody hand. They ain't shake mine. So whatever. No reasoning. That stuff can kill you. Are you with me? Can y'all give me a few more minutes? These things can be broken. Praise the Lord. Amen. I love my wife. I can joke with her, have fun with her, but I know when she have bad times, she know when I have bad times. We just learn through the years to respect one another. I told her, I said, I told my wife, I said, "I understand you better than you understand yourself." She said, "How can you say that?" I said, "Cuz I do." And I can start explaining her own life to her. you I said you know what one of your problem is she don't mind me saying that she said what I said one problem you got in life if you let your mind go too far before something happened what do you mean I said I'll give you an example I said uh we need to go somewhere and do the I said you'll be like oh that's a long drive my back could be hurting my head could be that drive is long I said you already done put your body in a predicament and it ain't happened Yeah, you don't let your mind go way down there. But I can talk to her about it because I know there's a weakness that the enemy could use in her mind on her even on spiritual things if she's not careful. The greatest badest fault. Right. Amen. Right here. Yeah. It's so easy to paint a picture of something that's not even real. Yeah. Right. Yes, sir. It's very easy to do. But faith disagrees with that stuff. When a thought try to come situation by a brother, no, no, no, that's not my brother. That's not my sister. I'mma kill that right now. But I'll go talk to her. That's what I'll do. Mm- No. As a pastor, you deal with church problems and your own personal family problems. It builds upon you. Hey, you really need help from God. God can put you in situations, nobody can help you but him. Are you with me? Amen. I'm so amazed now you get sinners popping up in the church grasping hold to the word of God than some of the believers. What's happen the message becoming common becoming common to them but then yet somebody else is thirsty for it. That's why we can't let this gospel become common to us the younger generation need to lay in this bless message just like we did. Amen. Come to this altar, get a true experience with God just like we did. Nobody made us do it. We was hungry for it. Same thing got to happen today to them. Are you with me? Amen. A lot of immature things is disturbing when it shouldn't be. We supposed to be examples, living examples. Is that right? It's pressure. It's pressure on pastors. Pressure is on pastor's wife. Pressure is on the pastor's family. It's pressure on all of us. But you can rest assure the devil attack going to be at your pastor. You rest assure. Why? Try to get to the man ministry. Yeah. Praise the Lord. That's why so many examples we we preach about everything. Seals, we preach about it all. But look at all the examples brother Brandon even give about when his wife lost her temple. How he dealt with the temple. Her temple. How he dealt with it. Yeah. It's so many things in there to show you how everything we need, every story in the message. Yeah. It's for a purpose. We can draw strength from it. It's there. Amen. And I look at him. I look at him. Wow. Here's a prophet that humbled himself down to put on an apron and wash dishes. Some some brother when you be talking about they be you can see them already going man. I'm a man. Then you start talking about the seals. Yeah, brother. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The prophet put that apron on. Wash them dishes. Amen. He gave an example of everything. And I abide by him. Amen. Cuz I learned from him. Yeah. Praise the Lord. What about the story complaining about her husband? I think Billy Paul told that story. Sister is running her husband down. Brother Brandon said, "What time your husband get home?" She said, "Such such time." What's his favorite pie? Such pie. He got enough time to get home to make it for him before he get there. Oh, now my thought come back to me. Let me explain something to you. How is Christ creating his bride? Word. Amen. Ephesians 5 says, "What is he doing for his bride to present to himself?" Yeah. A glorious church. Is that right? Amen. How's he doing it? By the washing and the water of the word. Amen. So Christ uses the word cuz he know exactly about how he want his bride to be dressed to present her to himself. Yeah. So you and I are being created by the word. Amen. Is that right? That's right. Don't you know there's the exact same thing with marriage brothers? You can create your family by the word, your wife, especially this is what I preach to young people. I just got to lay it out. in courtship. In courtship, I tell young men, "This is the perfect time for you to create your bride." They're like, "Yeah, I was talking to one of them." I said, "Yes." I said, "Well, they had got married, but still it works in courtship. They were young. He was this this come back." I said, "Hold on, fella. How long?" I said, "You're in the perfect shape right now to create her." I said, "Cuz marriage is based on what you plant is what you reap." Yeah. I said, "So what seed you going to sew to her now is what she going to give back to you." I said, "You're in the perfect place." You look at the scripture. Yeah. Husband, love your wives as Yeah. Christ loved the church and gave himself for it. I said, "Now you got to give yourself." I said, "You got to see sometime you talk to young people, I say, marriage is compromised." Oh, I ain't compromising. I'm tough. I'm a man of God. Look, I ain't compromised. I never said compromise on the word. Right. I said compromise. Amen. You got to give up your little personal rights. Yeah. Right. To help her. Amen. Vice versa, give up your personal rights to help him, you're creating a family. Yeah. Amen. Amen. That's why sometimes, brothers, when your wife say something to you, you get mad. But if you listen to what she's saying, it's something you said to her. She's just repeating it back to you. How could you say that? Then there goes the arsenal. You said it to me. That's what you said. That stuff wrong. It's just wrong. We're supposed to be a gospel family. Yeah. Take that word and whack down every little reason the devil tried to come in and destroy the family and take that word and tear it down. Amen. I believe that with all of my heart. Yeah. Praise God. There's an article. My son married now. Matter of fact, they had their first little baby Saturday coming. I read it to him. When him and my daughter-in-law was in courtship, they caught it five years. And when they got married, that were their first time ever kissing. They stayed away from all that five years. Unfortunately, my son had an up and down life struggling. He didn't live a good life. He had a little taste of the world in him. But I'm thankful for where he's at now through prayer. But his wife, I thank God for her mother, kept her from that. She didn't have no father. Stay stayed on her. Stayed on her. Stayed on her. So when it was when they got married, we went out to eat and I was going to my truck and I happened to look back and I looked at them and she she was walking beside him. She was doing like this and my son were doing like this. I looked back. I said, "Wow, look at that." What that actually was, it's an article I read. They says when you see a woman act like a child, that means she feels secure and protected by her man. Come on, sister. When you know that man going to protect you, you got no question. You could just [Applause] But if he got you got a wondering a little insecurity, you going to be you going to ask a bunch of questions cuz there a little insecurity. Y'all want me to quit? No. Cuz some of you like, come on, man. Get to it. I'm getting to it. Yeah, I'm getting to it. So, this ain't the message. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Amen. Cuz our relationship with one another should be reflecting the same thing with Christ and his bride. Amen. It should reflect the same thing. Amen. With that reasoning, I reason with my wife. I be joking. My house is messed up. Need remodeling. I'm always working on other people house, but if I get home just tired. But now I done it so long I feel so guilty. Now I got to fix it. But I reason with her in a joking way. I said, "You know why this house ain't been fixed?" She said, "Why?" I said, "It's your fault." She said, "What do you mean?" I said, "It's your lack of faith. I said, "Because you don't believe in me, I can't work on the house. There's many things Jesus couldn't do because of unbelief." I said, "So, it's your fault. I was just joking down there. I don't want y'all." No, I was just joking. But I got to fix it cuz she been so good to me and now it's really bother me. But I just be tired. No excuse. No excuse. Cuz I I was dealing with this situation just last week. Are we okay? Amen. This young guy courting a girl, young girl, and she's the baby of the family. Y'all know that means something, right? He calling me brother Bley. Yeah. He said uh he said I said I I like her and all that. He said we got an argument. I said argument. Yeah. He said he said I said he said it's so childish. I don't even want to tell you. I said what is it? He said it was over a tie. That's okay. He said, "I'm going to her church this weekend and she want us to dress the same and she didn't like the tie and she said she don't really don't want to take picture with me if I didn't wear that tie." He said, "Dad is just so childish." I said, "Okay." I said, "Let me explain something to you, young man." I said, "What it is is pride." She got pride. I said, "But it's a good one, sisters." I said, "Brother, he's just young." I said, "Brother, some women like to dress their man and some just don't care what he put on as long as he decent." I said, "So, you got to understand that." He said, I said, "Her pride, but it's not a bad one. She want to when you come visit, she just want to smile and everything all right." He said, "But brother Burlet," then she said, "She don't want to take going to take a picture." I said, "Okay, we'll get to that one later." And I did. I got the dad on the phone. I called the dad, talked to the young girl. I said, "The brother told me this incident that happened." Yeah. I said, "You know that's childish, right?" She got quiet. I said, "That's childish." I said, "It is." I said I said you're a baby in his family and you want your way. I said don't work like that. I said because you're a baby. You want to have it just the way you want it and you want a man like your daddy that don't always happen. I said it was childish. What did it do? Broke everything down. Now they moving right along. Yeah. I said, "Brother, that's life." Yeah. Right. There's certain little things that happens. For instance, I explained to him. I said, "I'm going to show you how it works." Right now, if my wife was watching this service and I had the wrong color towel on, she would probably not watch the service cuz the only thing she going to see is the tie is wrong. But she maturing now. She told me the other week, she said, "Barely, I can't believe what you did." I said, "What did I do?" She said, "As hard as I earned that shirt and you didn't even take that jacket off when you was preaching. You preached in the I said, "Really, niece?" She said, "Yeah, I repented to the Lord." I said, "Lord, I can't be looking at that. I need to get in the word." She said, "I made it over it. I just gave him that example. Cuz you have to learn to understand one another. Not versus how you want one another to be, but look at one for what they are. Amen. Cuz long you pulling them to your mold, I need you to be like this. It's going to be an argument. Amen. Yeah. But when you can start looking into their heart, I understand. Oh, I see. I see. It go a whole lot smoother. Yeah. But that reasoning, I'm a man. I'm the head. I'm the leader. She going to do what I say. It's going to be the way I say. You even got the word but applying it wrong. That ain't the way it go. See, the problem is she weak anyway. She need to acknowledge she's a weak vessel. That's what she needed. I said, "Yeah, but the scripture said, dwell with them according to knowledge." And knowledge grows. So as you live together, you begin to learn more knowledge about her, what to do and what not to do. It grows. Praise the Lord. Amen. So if a sister is like that, want her man to be dressed right, I just flip it back. I said, "Now, how much more God want you to reflect him dressing right? It just loops around." But the word, we create our children. We create the church. We are created by the word. That's why when you really have a revelation of the message, you'll see Revelation 10:7, Malachi 4 in the people lives. Yeah. Amen. Cuz that's the word you don't receive. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Yeah, sir. We are creators by the things that we speak. Amen. But reasoning try to kills everything. Yeah. Yeah. It really does. Amen. But we can cast all that stuff down. What did brother Brandon do when he went and talked to the Lord? He interceded for his wife. He said, "I'm always gone, but she always taking care of my clothes. She He was interceding. He pointed out all of her good parts to God." Can we say amen? That's why even as a man sometime uh wives go through thing, changes of life. It's not easy. But it's a very simple quote. Prophet said, "Let her know you she's still your sweetheart." It can't be like really man. Come on now. You know, you talk to some brothers. Hey, my wife's going through the change of life. It is like the end of the world. Now, what are you going to do about it? Yeah. But they don't give excuses, sister, to go overboard either. You know what I'm going through, so deal with it. Oh, see honey, you know what I'm going through. I don't mean it. Pray for me. Yeah. Amen. Please pray for me cuz it's just the way it goes. Yeah. But I believe that man has that power. Take that word. He can control things. I'm telling you this from experience. My wife just God bless her soul. If I'm irritated, come home, she can feel it. I can't hide it. But she learned I walk in the door irritated. She said, "You all right? I'm good." She won't say nothing else. She said, "Bar, I know. Just leave you alone. No ask no more question because I'm I'm figuring out something and I don't need no distraction. I just go outside, walk around, come back in the house. Hey, like nothing ever happened. Yeah. But she don't be like when I try to talk to you, you come in the house like that, look at that. Now you want to try to talk. No. No. She know I don't work through I had to work through something. That's understanding one another instead of tell me what's wrong. said, "I'm okay. I'm going." No. No. I want to know. I'm okay. It's going to be fine. I know your wife. Yes. Aren't we married? Yes. We supposed to be one? Yes. Now tell me. That ain't going to work. Then you push the man in the corner. He said, "Okay, I'll tell you this don't happen. this and this and this and this. Then now you walking around like that. You got to have that respect, man. Respect and love for one another. Amen. And you always compare it to the gospel. Amen. That's why a man can't be working so much until he just say, "I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired." You want Jesus to do you like that? When you come talk to him, he say, "I'm tired. I can't talk to you." Right. No, you don't want that to happen. Amen. You got to apply everything with your relationship with the Lord. See how you come out. One more thing. Amen. Are we all right? This young guy telling me a lot of time people don't understand submission. Sometime you read that scripture, wives submit to your husband, they don't go no further than submit to your husband. Read the rest of it. Amen. Ask unto the Lord. There goes your answer for everything. How do you submit to Jesus? Flip it right to your husband. Right. Amen. But I can tell you another side about submission. Submission, not this ain't what Christ side now, but sister, I'm going to explain something to you. Submission do not believe you agree with everything your husband is saying. Submission. You can even disagree with something but still submit to it because that's what the word says. I'm not talking about nothing unscriptural now. Yeah. Right. By you submitting, you're doing your part and whatever he suggested, if it works, you be like, "Praise the Lord." But you submit to something he want you to do and the brother keep missing. that's going to make you struggle to submit. So now it falls back on demand to make sure whatever your plan is or wherever you're trying to lead your family, you better make sure it's right. So they won't start wondering about your judgments and your actions. Yeah. It works both ways. Yeah. Amen. Are you with me? That's right. Cuz the more she sees you active in the word and everything lining up, you say, "Honey, I think we should uh maybe do this." She say, "Whatever's whatever you feel led to do, honey?" Right? But you missing keep missing. Well, honey, I really feel led to do something. You sure this time? Cuz you remember the last time I I I mean, I done my job. I tried to follow you on it, but it failed. Come on now. Right. That's why it's so much pressure on the man. Prayer. Make sure your decision, your actions, you do have the right leading of the Lord. Amen. With that being said, sometimes sisters, we do fail. Then you have to look at the integrity. You can look and say, "No, I know he meant well on that. It didn't work out, but that's okay." Are you with me? Amen. So, it's so many challenges to balance things out before you let reasoning just take over. Say, "No, I can't. I can't go with that, honey. I'm sorry. You don't." Nope. Nope. I'm sorry. Then it's bad. I told that young I told the young girl that explained it to her. I said, "But you know wisdom, if a man does something in the house, sometime men like to get a little creative, get you a picture or whatever, and he hangs it up." How many of you men like to surprise your wife sometimes? You know, blindfold him. You maybe don't got something for her and blindfold say hello, hello, hello. Then you bring them to maybe it's a picture she always wanted. Then all right she take your hands off you she it's crooked. You killed everything. You killed it. If it's crooked so what? Look what he tried to do. I did. You just say, "Give me a hug." And when you're hugging, just got to keep the love of God, peace. What we're focusing on a gospel home. Keep that cuz the devil, he just try to get in there with any kind of little wedge. Yeah. It creates problems. That's true. Amen. Come on. She'll cook a wonderful dinner. You just sitting there eating and she would say, "Do you notice anything different?" Mm- She said, "But I tried another flavor in there." Oh, okay. Just keep on eating. Yeah. Been a while since I done that one. You just keep on eating. Come on, bro. She want a compliment. That's what she asking you for. All you got to say, babe, this is delicious. That's what she wanted to hear. But you just Mhm. You know what that do? Little reasoning sets in, I just won't cook it like that no more again. He didn't appreciate it, so whatever. Nope. You just put something in your arsenal. You'll use it later on. Little bitty things like that. How the devil just wreck things. Little stuff. Little foxes, small as the vine. Amen. It's bad, man. Are we all right? Amen. Musicians can come. I ain't done. But musicians can come. These things really I tell you, I I just see it using wisdom. Just slam the devil. The devil just said, "Man, I can't get nowhere. I got no crack to get in." just slams him cuz that's we want peace in the home, peace in our life and stand behind that word. Yet darkness all around us but let's stay in our position, stay in our place. Amen. And you watch what God will do. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. May the Lord bless you. keep me in your prayers. We'll be shooting right back home this evening. And uh we just thank God for his grace and mercy. I just appreciate the young generation when they get married and they raising their kids. I know it. I don't taught them. I just All I can say, well, brother, at least you're still in the message. You can quote this one very well. I heard but now I see eye opener. That's why I love that I encourage so many people. Courtship that's where you learn just learn. Hey man, just learn. Pray learn. I said you know I told a young fell I said courtship. I said do you understand what that mean? I said it's a two-cllable word. Courtship. Yeah. I said in the beginning it just court. So what do you do in court? You make judgments. You make decisions, right? I said once you make your decision, if you feel that this is going to go on a little further, I said now you slide the ship to it. Now you can become two fellows in one ship. Yeah. I said, "Now, how can two walk except they be agreed?" I said, "You got to be agreed that this is of the Lord and then you go on from there. Go slow." Yeah. Oh, one more thing. Amen. A brother made a statement. This young man courting his daughter and uh they had a little disagreement and he just felt like this ain't going to work. crazy disagreement. The young man was telling him, "Brother, how much I care for your daughter and this." Then the brother called the young man. He said, "I want to say something to you." He said, "There was a man told the girl, "Whatever I got to do to get to you, I'll do it. I'll ride a train. I'll ride a bus. I'll ride a bicycle. I'll get in the car. whatever you need me to do, I'll come to you." And then he and he walking off, he said, "But I'll be here tomorrow if it don't rain." He said, "Brother, all of those promises, but then you're going to let a little rain stop you." Same thing in marriage. Are you going to let a little storm? Are you going to let a little sprinkle turn into a storm? No. Stay focused. I am his. He is mine. Stay focused. God, you gave it to him. You remember what brother Bannon said now? Brother Bon said, Adam didn't have a choice. That's why Adam was able to make that bold statement. the woman you gave me. You can't say that because that was your choice. Hello. The man Lord you gave me. No, that's the man you accepted. And brother, that's the woman you chose. So you can't blame it on God. Is that right? Adam had no choice. Adam didn't have no in-laws. You had a father. Are you with me? I think I better stop on that one. Let's just pray. Father, I just thank you for your word. I pray you just help us in our bodies. Just give us strength naturally. But as we preach to the body of Christ, I pray that they will strengthen in the word. We commit everything into thy hand. Lord, we're not comedians, but we just spoke simple things that has a deeper meaning than what it is on the surface. So, Father, we love you and we place everything into thy hands. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let's stand. The word is working mightily in me. For the word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Oh, the word is working mightily in me. Oh, the word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance, what I feel or see, the word is working mightily. Is it working in you? Oh, the word is working mightily in me. Praise God. The word is working mightily in me. Oh, no matter what the circumstance, what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Amen. I'm so thankful for that word. Amen. That can come working mightily in us, giving us the word that we need to meet every circumstance. Thankful for brother Burley coming and being with us this morning. Let's just sing this. Children of the light, arise. Arise and take your place. It's by grace. It's by grace. It's by grace. If you're struggling in confusion, wondering why your heart seems low, take your hands off this old world, let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not of this old world. Let it go. Oh children of the light. Arise. Rise. This is your day. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. God restored the word, made clear his way that you may trust and know that you're not of this old room. Let it go. Oh, let it go. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father, living here below. Oh, you're not of this old world, so let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. Not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of the father. Oh, you're not of this old world, so let it go.
