################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - 250706 - Noel Johnson The Mystery of God Explored - Noel Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   250706 - Noel Johnson: The Mystery of God Explored
Speaker: Noel Johnson
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dTF6Ym2A_o
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Some folks are building hopes down here and planning ahead. So busy with their fortunes, they forgot what Jesus said about the wars and earthquakes and the victories but leave me. But there's a group of people getting ready to leave. Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in that bank up in the sky. Happy preparations, not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? And sinner, what's the reason for your needless delay? While you're hesitating, Christ could come most any day. The spirit's calling. Make your way to Calvary and get in that number. Getting ready to leave. Ready to leave in the twinkling of an eye. Making investments in that bank up in the sky. Happy preparations. Not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number? Getting ready to leave or ready to leave in the wings of an eye. Making investments in that bank up in the sky. Happy preparations. Not a reason to grieve. Are you in that number getting ready to leave? As sister Becca would come for her special sing, I am weak but thou art strong. Oh Jesus, keep me from all around. [Applause] And I'll be sisied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. For and just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Oh, gra Jesus is my Oh, and walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Oh, and through this world of toil and sin. [Music] If I fall, Lord, who cares? And who with me my burden share? [Music] None but he dear Lord. None but thee. Oh and just a closer walk with thee. Oh, Jesus is my belief. Oh, and daily walking close to thee. Let it be. Dear Lord, let it be. You can all be seated. [Music] Ped. Fountain. [Music] for [Music] see. No, [Music] your name. No. Come on to [Music] [Music] Show my boo. [Music] I boo your name [Music] if I name [Music] my boo I to your name. God is pull [Music] an Come on. [Music] She launch. [Music] No, come on. [Music] We sell [Music] shoes on [Music] This dream [Music] said he fell. [Music] Pro to the loveless [Music] fell [Music] dim. [Music] Don't be [Music] Blessicul. [Music] No. Come on. [Music] FL to just [Music] only flare [Music] [Music] [Music] to the monitude [Music] to a me. [Music] This old house I'm living in is needing repair. The windows and the shutters are letting in. the cold cold air. And I say to myself, I'm going to fix them all if I can find the time. But lately, I've got leaving [Music] on my mind. [Music] And lately all I've got is leaving on my mind. It seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, most of the time. You know, soon and very soon I'll leave my troubles far behind. Cuz lately I've got leaving, leaving on my mind. [Music] Well, I guess I ought to be looking for a better place to live. Oh, but I just can't seem to get excited about this old world and what it can give. I could care less if I could buy it all with a solitary dime. For what good would a world to me with? Leaving on my mind. That's the way you've been feeling. So lately all I've got is leaving on my mind. It seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, most of the time you see soon and very soon I'll leave my troubles far behind cuz lately I've got leaving [Music] on my mind and lately all I've got is leaving on my mind. [Music] Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, most of the time, you know, soon and very soon I'll leave my troubles far behind. Cuz lately I've got leaving on my mind cuz lately I got leaving [Music] on my mind. [Applause] There is another [Music] seed hand to me. You can all be seated. And these two ways I cannot see while going through this world of hope. [Music] His hand still leads me as I go. I'm trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land. Some sweet day I'll reach that strength. Still guided by the unseen hand. His hand has led through shadows. While it leads, I have no fear. I know it will lead me to [Music] where sin or sorrows can come. I'm trusting to the unseen hand that guides me through this weery land and some sweet day [Applause] [Music] I'll reach that friend still guiding by beyond hand. I long to see my Savior's face and sing the story save by grace upon that golden strength. I'll praise him for his guiding hand. I'm trusting to the unseen [Music] that guides me through this weery land. [Music] And some sweet day I'll reach that strength still guided highseen [Music] hand as brother null would come sing I into my heart into my heart. Let's all stand into my heart. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Come into today. Come in today. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Oh, rule in my heart. Rule in my heart. Thou king of my heart. Lord Jesus make this thy throne. Proare alone thou king of my heart Lord Jesus. Verse two again. for rule in my heart. Rule in my heart. Thou king of my heart. Lord Jesus, make this thy throne. Throw there alone. Thou king of my heart. Lord Jesus, I want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's my privilege to be here amongst you. I have begun a study in December and uh yeah, you're gonna I'll try and share that with you today. Um just while we're standing, let us bow our heads for a word of prayer. Our most gracious and loving heavenly father, it is our privilege to gather together once again as part of your body here on earth. And Lord, we have come because Lord, we are part of you from the beginning. And Lord, the revelation of not only who you are, but what we are in you, Lord, is becoming more and more real to each and every one of us. We realize we're a part of something much greater than ourselves because Lord, it's you who lives in us. And Lord, you're wanting to express your life now through us. Take me as your servant, Lord, this morning. Move me aside. Guide my thoughts. Guide the words which are spoken because Lord, we want to hear from you this morning. They don't want to hear from me, Lord. We want we want to hear from you. So Lord, take me, move me aside, and and bless us with your word and bless us with your presence. For I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. While you're standing, if you'd like to open your Bibles to Colossians, the first chapter, read verses 25- 27. Like I say, I've been studying, for lack of a better word, on a certain subject. I was going through the book of of Ephesians. Um, I started in December. I minister every other week by Zoom to India. It saves on airfare and uh but I've been going through there and as you study it just becomes more and more and so I have there's a lot on my plate and so we we will try and Lord I want you to take control. I don't want it to be me. Lord I want it to be you. In Colossians, it says, "Wherefore I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which was given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known unto you what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." And you can be seated. We understand in Revelations 10:7 it says, "But by the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets." And so this mystery of God has to come to its conclusion. But that conclusion is going to be in us. Amen. When when we read these things and we keep putting it off on the prophet or this person or that person, but when you begin to realize what God is trying to accomplish and he's trying to accomplish it through us because now we literally are the body of Jesus Christ here on earth. Brother Brandham expresses often times we are him. But often we fail to recognize, we fail to accept that. I know when I when I went through the when I when I studied long a while back and I went through the the life of the prophet you know at different stages in his life he had to step into his office he was reading and and and and he studied and he began to understand he says well God speaks to me by vision well that's how he speaks to prophets so he accepted the fact he was a prophet later on he when God began to give him the to reveal to him the secrets of the hearts he began to he looked back and this is well this is how God did with Abraham and Sarah and he began to realize what God was doing in his life. He when he preached the church ages he brother Brandham in the in the 50s he he in my opinion he regarded he regarded Billy Graham as the messenger to the age because he says look at him here he's preaching the word but there's no miracles but then when he preached the church ages because he God had given him visions and says oh these visions are almost all fulfilled then he preached the church ages and when then that's when God told brother Brandham now you read Malachi 4 and he began began to realize his office. But then when we get into the seals, what did he do there? He says, "I have been given a message now that I must be that I am responsible to deliver." And so he stepped fully into the office of the being the messenger to this age. That that's how I look at it. But then when we begin to look at ourselves, God is trying to show the bride, this is who you are. And now we have to step into what God has says we are. not something that we are going to become. No, this is who we actually are. We are literally him upon the face of this earth. When I was studying when I when I look at God and and God is a generic term. Some people's God is chocolate. Some people's God is their job. Some people's God is their cars, you know. But when you begin to understand, I was raised trinitarian and so always, you know, we divide God up into three different people. But I began to realize, what is it that dwells in me? Oh, it's the Holy Spirit. What's the Holy Spirit? It's Elohim. The all powerful self-existing one in which nothing is impossible with. I that is what lives in me. But I have to release him. When I was in in India, I talked to some of the kids and they said, "Oh yeah, where does God dwell?" Oh, he dwells in my heart. So I came to so I think I asked the child I said well do you ever let him out because really I mean when when I begin to look at myself this is my problem. I know where he lives. I know where he dwells but I have to allow him the liberty to use this vessel to express himself. When I began to when I began to understand this about God the Bible talks about God as a spirit. Okay. But that spirit has no form. But then he goes on but then he goes on to the fact that he that he that God immorphy God changes his dwelling place. Well, where is his dwelling place now? Us. Not out there. Us. And when and and we make the transation transition in our thinking. This is God. He's he lives in me, but now he's wanting to express his life through me. And that changes the whole picture. We we sang the songs, you know, Lord, take my hand and I think I forget the exact words of the song, but he was leading and guiding. Do you realize every step of the of every step of your life, he was guiding you? Whether sometimes you're not the way you wanted to go, for sure, but still it was his hand. Okay. Okay. Come on. Don't do this to me. All righty. Let's see if this can go. When we when we begin to look at at when we begin to look at some of the things that God was telling us through the prophet, he was talking about God. He says, "And that's what God did. It's the same God all the time." Okay? God in the form of the father, the spirit, and the pillar of fire. The same God was made flesh and dwelt among us. God immorphy brought out so that he could be seen. And now that same God is the Holy Ghost, Father, Son, Holy Spirit. Three gods, three offices of the same God. And so when we begin to look at God and we begin to look at his manifestation, when we take God and we divide him up in different compartments, okay, this is fine because in different compartments, in different manifestations, he manifested himself in one form and the children of Israel, God above us. Then God then that same God came into into a form we call Jesus Christ. And God came in Jesus Christ for the express purpose of of of through that body being able to declare himself and letting people know this is who I am. Amen. He had to come to the place of spirit is I mean when you begin get into the law and you begin to reach through the Old Testament you find all the things that that God had told them. But when God came in Jesus Christ, all of a sudden we began to actually see him. Amen. We could we could touch him. We could they could talk with him. And and when we uh there's a there's a a company called Sight and Sound and and they put on productions and I found them to be real good. They did one on Jesus Christ and I had always thought, you know, God is super holy and all these other things. And when I began to look at Jesus Christ, but in their production of Jesus Christ, they made him a man. He laughed, he joked, he he had fun. I mean, there was one of the scenes, you know, where this leper came by and and so Jesus and the disciples were pulling him away from them and and Jesus just broke himself free from them and what and he he touched the leper and then he turned around and he began to touch one of the disciples and they got, you know, and and and in that in that production Jesus Christ was smiling. Okay? Because I mean this is him. He was a hum he was humanity. He was every much a human as we are. And this is where we sometimes where we stumble and fall. But we have to begin to understand it was Elohim now living in that body and and in that body he was not only expressing himself not only not only doing that but Jesus Christ often time he says I have to go by needs of Samaria. I have to go here. I have to go there. Why? Because there was something inside of him that was guiding and directing him because there was something that God wanted to minister unto the person that was he was leading him to. And he didn't always tell Jesus Christ, "Why are you going by Samaria? Why are you going by Jericho? Why are you going here? Why are you going there?" But when he got there, all of a sudden, God revealed unto him, "This person's blind. He needs to have his side. This person is s this person's had how many husbands and all of a sudden now he brought unto her salvation." So he he was God was leading and God was guiding. And you if I can look back in my life and I can see how God's hand is always led and guided. Not necessarily the way I would want to go. But I have also found that he will put he will put circumstances in my path which will encourage me to go the way he's wanting me to go. Okay. But here we find God. God was in God came in flesh and he dwelt among us. He got him he brought out so that he could be seen. And it was all it was the self-existing Elohim. It was it was God Almighty dwelling in that human vessel. But now where does that where does that go live now? He lives in us when you put him in the prophet that's fine because we recognize that. But we have to realize no he's dwelling here and every one of oh we pray oh we want to see Jesus. Yeah. Well we need to look at each other because now what is God going to do? He's going to express himself in us and we and and and and as we mature in him, his attributes should be able to be expressed through us. I I know sometimes when when you know God, Brother Bram says, you know, you can speak a world and create and live on it. Well, I'd like to make my own planet and have it my but no this this this the uh so solar system we live in could not tolerate 5,000 planets rolling around the same and so okay so what we done was and I'll use this expression I I create my world my bubble okay and in my bubble there's love joy peace longsuffering gentleness meekness patience kindness you know all these wonderful attributes and so when I meet somebody else and they're in the world and you go to the grocery store and then they're scanning your your you know products that you're purchasing they're almost required to say hi how are you and you know and so when they do that all and as they're doing I says well how are you uh isn't it a beautiful day outside and the sun is shining and the clouds are there and all these wonderful things we have to enjoy that God has created I'm inviting them into my bubble And if they if they if they respond, fine. We'll draw them even closer. If they don't, well, okay. You know, that's their their choice. But see here again, when when we begin to live in this bubble, it it it isolates me from the world. Because I don't want the world. I'm finding it very offensive. It goes on when God was becoming man because brother Brandham says this is one of the reasons that that God came says in him was to be man that's the reason Christ was the expressed image see now he was to be the father he was to be the son he was to be the savior he was to be the healer there was nothing there wasn't even angels or nothing then he had created angels and then he became god and then he was worshiped and then these things became the manifestation of his thinking We were thoughts of God. You are the manifestation of his thinking. Amen. Because brother Bradam says if you were not a part of God from the beginning, you will not be a part of God. Now and so if you were a if you were in his thinking, if you were a part of God, what within a seed is a life. Okay? If you plant, it's like the example I I use in India is you take a corn of of of rice and you put it in the ground. You don't expect watermelons. You don't expect palm trees. You don't No, you expect rice because the life that is in that seed is trying to express itself. That's right. And it can only express what it is. So what did God do? God placed his seed in us. That's the life of God. That seed can only produce God. And as it grows and as it matures, that seed all of a sudden is trying to come into full manifestation and expression in us. I mean, God is trying, we are in the last days. I mean, literally, it's not future anymore. We're here. I mean, you look, I don't dwell on on the news very often, but I I don't want to be ignorant either. But when I look at all the things that are being fulfilled, there's a whole bunch of things have been have been fulfilled just in the last few months. It'll take nothing at this point for all of a sudden there to be the change. You let California sink, everything's going to change. That's right. And we know it's going to, okay? Whether we'll be here or not be here, that that's that's points of debate. But we have to begin to understand it'll take nothing to make the major change necessary for the dead in Christ to rise them to come down and my father to come into my house and say, "Hey, could I have a cup of coffee?" We sit down at the breakfast table. We have our toast and coffee and all of a sudden I began to realize here we're here and that'll increase within me the faith to be to be able for the transition for the for the translation of my body. Anyway, so we go and we begin to look at God. We begin to look at what he was. We begin to look at what he was trying to trying to accomplish. Um, so we we go on in in in John John 1 1-3 it says in the beginning was the word or this this logos and the word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made were made by him without without him was not anything made that was made. And you go into Genesis 1:1 it says in the beginning Elohim created the heavens and the earth. And so when we begin to look when God began to when God began to come into physical manifestation, what did he do? He w did in in John it talks about the logos, the thought of God now coming into manifestation. In Genesis it says this is Elohim and he through and and he and he created everything. So what did God do? He says he says God came in Jesus Christ for the express purpose of being able to manifest himself. We find here in in adoption, brother Brandham makes this statement. He says in Genesis 2 when he made man, he said, 'I am Yahweh. I am Yahweh. Yahweh Jehovah. What did it mean? I am the I am the allexisting one who has created something off of myself to be a son of mine or a temporary or an amateur little one of mine. Jehovah means that he gave man to be the amateur god because he is a he was the father Elohim and he made and he made a man and an amateur god. So he wasn't self-existing anymore. He now he existed with his family. And then when we read this this account in Genesis, God create God took a part of himself to create Adam and we say, "Oh yeah, this this is great." But I tried to think, well, how can we relate that to to something which is down to where we live? When when when uh when I got married, I play I took a I took a part of myself and I placed it within my wife and after the gestational periods, a part of me came into manifestation. That child was an expression of who I am. I mean, her her genetics also mix into that. But still, it's interesting. We have eight daughters and it's interesting. Half of them express her attributes and the other half express mine. They better if they had hers than mine. But that they're stuck with it. But we have to begin to understand. It's the simplicity of this. Yes, sir. You are an expression of God himself. A part of God came in you. A part of God was always in you. That was the seed that God had placed inside of you. But that seed had a life. And what is that life? That life was God. Amen. And so as as you allow that seed of God to come to manifestation expression in your life, all you will produce is him. In order for a seed to be able in order in order for the life within the seed to be able to express itself, the shell has to die. Well, in order for God to express himself through me, this shell has to die. But the more I can die to myself. I mean, Paul had this had the same thing. He says, "The good I want to do, I don't do. What I don't want to do that I find myself doing, oh wretched man that I am, who can deliver me from this the body of death?" And and the expression there, it's interesting, you know, that the Romans had devised ingenious ways, if you will, to to to have the people in their in their prison die. They would take a corpse, they would tie it to the next person who was supposed to die. And so that person would be carrying around a corpse and as that corpse decayed, all the corruption went into that person's body. And eventually they got so sick and they died. Then they would take that corpse and they would tie it to the next one. This is the body of death. I dwell in this temple of clay and this temple of clay is all of my problems. But the more that I can yield to the God that is in me, he can overcome this temple. Because that's what he did in in Jesus Christ. So when God in Genesis 1, it says, "Let God," he said, "let make man in our image after our likeness." And so when God created man, he says, "God created the man in his own image, and the image of God created he him, male and female created he them." When God looked at Adam, within Adam was two was two man two attributes that of masculine that of feminine and and within God was the same. When he also says I I am the alshi. I am the breasted one. Well, breasted one speaks of of of a feminine. Okay. Um and but here again when he created Adam and he took Adam and in theophony form, Adam had no problems. It's when Adam was taken from theophony and put into flesh. That's when that's when problems begin. And theophony that Satan could not tempt theophanes. But in flesh, that's different because in flesh have there there are things in flesh it has its own desires. It has its own things that it has to have. When it's tired, it wants to sleep. When it's hungry, it wants to eat. When it's thirsty, it wants to drink. And these are fine. But then when you get up into the realm of of interacting with other people, then all of a sudden everything begins to change. That's right. Because then we want to be accepted and then we we want to be liked. We want to do this and we want to do that. And then all of a sudden then that's when our our our personalities begin to express themselves and they're not always exactly what God would want. But here again, but when we begin to see, when we begin to understand what God was doing, when we begin to understand the plan of God, like I say, Paul says, there's this mystery that's been hidden. All through the scriptures, there's this mystery and he tried to express it. Where does he come up with this? Christ in you. God living himself in you. This is the mystery. But see, now this mystery now has to come into its finality. Now this mystery has to finally come to its full expression. And so when we begin to look at the time when when when uh when Adam was placed in flesh and he was lonely, then what did God do? He went and and he created a body for the other part of Adam to live in. Right? And then when when all of a sudden God to God reached into Adam. Let's see if this is go to the next one. So God he takes about he talks here about God took ba man. God took Adam from theophony and put him in flesh. And in okay, Adam was given rulership of the earth. But in theophony, he could not experience what the animals experienced. When they were hungry, he did not know what hunger was. Not in theophony form. He didn't know what it's to be hot or to be cold. And because that was theophony form. So God took Adam and he placed him in flesh so that he could experience what the animals experience. Why did God have to come in Jesus Christ? So he could experience us. Amen. He couldn't experience in Moses. He couldn't experience in Isaiah. He couldn't experience in the prophets. He couldn't experience because they I mean they were part of God's creation yet. But but God was but God in in those people could not experience what humanity is. In Jesus Christ, he experienced humanity. That's right. We'll get into that a little bit later. He said, "So then God brought man a little lower down and and and and put him in an animal life. That's his body just like animals so that we so that he could till the soil." Um and so God put him in flesh so that he could till the soil and he gave him the five senses and stuff like that. Um and goes on and on. Yeah. The next one. Okay. So when he first made him, he made him he made them together. He made male and female the man. And he said, "Now when now when man was separated from this theophony and put in flesh, he he wasn't just all together there as part of his being. So he so he took Adam and he made and he made from the original dirt Adam and he took a rib from the side of of him and made a help me that was Eve and she was she was made for man and was a part of man. See, she was a part of him in the beginning in the creation in the theophony. She was a part of him down there in his creation. So, uh she could be so she could not be deliver she did not come through from the other creation. She had to be a part of him. And so when we begin to look at ourselves in Christianity, we always were a part of him. We existed in him. When God was in theophony form, when Jesus Christ was in theophony form, we we existed in him then. Amen. And and and but and so when God took Adam and he and he and he put Adam in flesh and then he took from Adam and he and he and he took a part of Adam so that he could create a body for for the other part of Adam, the feminine part. And and Adam looked and says, "This flesh of my flesh, bone of my bone, spirit of my spirit." And so when we begin to take and relate that to us now we always were in him always. If you weren't in him then you never were you never will be a part of him. Okay. God came to seek and save that which was lost. Lost implies prior ownership. And so here again we find that God that we were a part of God from the beginning. And when and when Jesus Christ went to Calvary he had to be smitten so that so that so that so that we could be released from that body. That that's another part of the sermon if we get to it. But we have to begin to understand this this relationship between Adam and Eve. We have to begin to understand that they that that God regarded them as a single entity. That's right. When God looks at us, he considers Jesus Christ and us the same entity. Amen. He hears our voice speaking through the blood. That's right. Okay. He doesn't He doesn't look at you. He's he's not he's he's not really concerned about you in some regards. What he's wanting is vessels that he can live through, the vessels that he can express himself through. And and what he's trying to do now in in in the in the closing age, closing period of time, he's trying to come to the place where he can so live in us until it's no longer us living, but now it's God himself living his life out through us. Yes, sir. When we look at the fall, we have to understand you had Adam could not be deceived. The part that came out of Adam because it was not part of the original creation. It could be Adam had Satan had his opportunity when Eve began to walk away from Adam and when she was alone then then Satan could go and Satan could approach her in in in the serpent and serpent was not a snake at that point but he could speak he could sit there with Eve and he could interact with her and talk with her and he created within her a desire something which God had withholden from her but she listened to it and she and she looked to the reasoning and she began to reason in her mind. She began to to to desire this this this knowledge, this experience. And that's when that's when Satan was able through the serpent to have an interaction with Eve. And then Eve went and she and and took this interaction, this knowledge, this wonderful revelation that she had come up with. And she goes to Adam and Adam realizes this is wrong. But in order for for her to be saved, Adam had to be a partaker of her sin. That's right. For us to be saved, all of our God had to take Jesus Christ had to take all of our sins on him and pay for those sins. If he had not, we would have been lost. So, he willingly took our sins. He willingly became us. He willingly toart. He He Jesus Christ never sinned. He took our sins on him. But he took our sins on him because of the love he had for his wife. for the love that he had for that which was a part of him. And so when when we go down and we begin to look at this and we begin to come to to Genesis the third chapter, we find out that God would come down in the cool of the evening and Adam and Eve hid themselves. Why would they hide? Because they knew they had been just disobedient and that brought about the fall. And so we go on there. And so God in in Genesis uh 3 starting at at verse 14, he says, "And the Lord God sent a serpent because thou has done this, you're cursed above all the cattle, and above all the beasts of the field." And he goes on in verse 15, "I will put emnity between thee and the woman, between thy seed and her seed, and I it will bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." So here even that the time of the fall, God spoke of there would be a redemption. There would be a process and there would be a returning to Eden before the fall something would have to come. A seed of a woman would have to come in order to in in order to fulfill the scriptures in order to pay the price for our sins. And he and he and and and that the seed of the woman would come and and it would destroy Satan. But then Satan would also be able to attack him. And we find that in the life of Jesus Christ. But he goes on he said and in verse 60 and unto the woman he said I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy corruption and sorrow thou shalt bring forth children and the desire shall be to thy husband and he shall rule over thee. And you know when we when we read that verse and in India because they were ruled by kings every man feels he is the king of his home which means everything in his home is subservant to him. And sometimes they rule as a king. Not always as a righteous king, but they rule as a king. But when you begin to read this here and and he says and he says, "The man shall rule over thee." When you begin to look at that and you begin to look at Jesus Christ, you begin to look at his our relationship with him. When when she was no longer co-equal with Adam, now Adam had the total responsibility for his wife. That's right. That's right. He had to provide for her. He had to protect her. He had to take care of her. Had to cherish her. You go in in in Paul talks about it in in Ephesians. He says how the the man's supposed to love his wife and cherish. We we are to love our wives and so much so that as Jesus Christ gave his gave his life for for his wife, which is us, we need to be willing to give our lives for our wives. We are in my opinion we are the man is totally responsible for his house. Totally responsible. There's only one form of labor that man cannot perform and that's delivery of a child. When I when I've expressed this to India, I mean there are times when Shirley was so sick she couldn't do anything. Okay, somebody had to do laundry, somebody had to wash the dishes, somebody had to clean the house, somebody had to take care of this, that and the other. Well, that's my function. I am responsible for the house. I am responsible for my family. And so when she's unable, I have to say I have to step up to the plate and I have to fulfill normally what I what I would anticipate her to fulfill. But the responsibility still right still rests on me. I mean I am responsible. I mean that I can't think of it any other way. And and but here again we we have to begin to and Jesus Christ is responsible for us. He has to take care of us. He has to cherish us. He has to watch over us. He has to provide for us. He is our protector. He is our guider. He's the one who watches over us. He's the one who leads and guides us. I mean that is his responsibility to us. I mean he died so that he might redeem us. That's right. Well so we we see the types. We we begin to see the shadows. But but like I say, when when you when I look at a husband and a wife and their relationship and I see how he is ruling his his family, I say it's not by law. No, it's by love. It's not you commanding somebody else to do something. It's you by love interacting with them. I mean, there has to be correction with children. Don't don't don't get me wrong on that score. But but we rule the house by love. I mean, this is something I've had to learn over time. Okay? I I mean when we got married I was the head you know um but over time I began to realize headship requires there's responsibility and the more the longer we've been living and and the I mean we've had difficulties in our marriage but in those difficulties it has taught me my responsibilities and anyway and lots of I have learned to fit into that most of the time. So, and then it goes into Adam said because you have done this thing that um anyway so the the the earth was the earth was cursed because of Adam. So now the earth would no longer bring forth its fullness. Now he had to actually work and labor in order to be able to feed for himself. But when you begin to understand when Adam fell, he lost the title deed that went back to God in the book and I don't know how to explain the book, but he said in the book was also all the names of all God's children that were to come into manifestation. So God took the book. Adam, Satan could not take it because he had no rights to it. So God had to watch over down through time to make sure that all of his children came into manifestation. That's right. And then he had to watch over them. He had to lead them and he had to guide them so they could fulfill God's plan for their lives. Um and then when you begin to understand that the title deed well when you get into into into Revelation, John, you eat the book. What is the book? The title deed of redemption. The title deed to the earth. title deed to the rulership. So where is this title deed now? In us. Everything Adam lost as a result of the fall, we possess. But it'll only operate on our ability to believe it. The more that you understand God, the more you can take and you can begin to to apprehend and and and and over time I I mean I've seen this manifested in different in different occasions. I know we were in Jamaica once and there was a hur tornado hurricane that was coming and it was going to go right over the top of us and we all prayed and we said well Lord if it comes right over the top of us there can be a lot of destruction. So Lord will you just kind of move it for us. We didn't ask for it to go away. We just asked to move. So instead of taking discourage all of a sudden it made a jog. Praise God. because that's the power we have. I know I was with my brother in Arkansas, I think it was, or one of those states down there. There was a tornado coming and we saw it coming and we looked for a place where could we go? Where could we hide? What could we grab hold of? And so I just says, "Well, Lord, just let it go around us." So it went from one to two, went around us, joined back together, and continued on its journey. I'm not trying to brag, but I'm merely trying to say that power we have. But and sometimes when we pray, we we don't realize what we are praying. We don't realize that here again it's God using our voice to be able to speak to be able to to achieve what we want. But you know, I began to apply that in other areas of my life. If I get up in the morning and aches and pains that come with um maturing, um I can look at myself and I can say, "Oh, it's going to be a terrible day. Oh man. Oh yeah. Oh, I overdid it yesterday. Oh, it's gonna be a horrible, horrible, horrible day. Well, I've just spoke it. Enjoy it. But I get up even with the eggs, same aches and pains. I say, "God has given me another day to enjoy him. God has given me another day to enjoy his presence, another day to worship him, another day to get into the word, another day to see his beauty all around me." And so now I've spoken that I expect a good day because I spoke it. Amen. Whatever I speak, that's what I expect. Anyway, when we go back in here again, when we begin to look at Adam and Eve and we begin to understand what God did in the as a result of the fall, God desired fellowship for his with his family. When they had sinned, that separated the fellowship. So, what did God do? It says in in Genesis 3:21, "And unto Adam also and his wife did the Lord God make coats of skins and clothe them, God showed his whole plan of redemption right there. They had sinned." So God went and he took a lamb, probably two of them. He slew the lamb and even while the while the coats were bloody, he threw them over there and the men and and Adam and his Eve wrapped themselves in the in the sacrifice. When the way brother Brandham describes it as Adam and Eve were leaving the garden, the blood was still flowing. God would look at it and the blood something had died in order to cover their sins. And then he would look at the at the outer covering of a lamb the wife. And so when they went out, yeah, God could see the sacrifice had been made. But now all he saw was the sacrifice. But see, that's our relationship. Brother Brandham says God hears our voice speaking through the blood. That's right. It's not about us. And that's one of the thing, another thing I've had to learn. It has nothing to do with me. It's not me striving. I cannot be I cannot live a Christian life first to admit that. But he shed his blood to cover my mistakes to pay for my sins to pay for my shortcomings. And so he look he doesn't look at me. He looks at the sacrifice. And as long as I remain in the sacrifice, his shed his blood covers me. It's when I step outside of the shed outside of the sacrifice that's when problems start. When I start walking in my own knowledge, when I start walking after my own desires, when all of a sudden Satan tempts me and I go wandering away from where I shouldn't go, all of a sudden now I'm in Satan's kingdom. Yeah. And this is another thought. It's take it for what it's worth. I began to think about this thought. We live in Satan's Eden. Okay, that's his kingdom. Yes. But when I accepted Jesus Christ, I was translated out of his kingdom into the kingdom of Jesus Christ. And so I began to think about that when I am in America, the laws of America apply. When I go to India, the laws of India apply. And if I stay in Satan's kingdom, the laws of Satan's kingdom apply. But when I move into into into the kingdom of Jesus Christ, now there's another set of laws which apply. And so whenever I'm in his kingdom, I expect his kingdom. I expect his angels. I expect God. I expect whatever, however you want to put it. I says, "Well, Lord, I'm going to be going on a trip now, and I want your kingdom to guide me. I want your kingdom around me. I want the angels around me, front, back, and sides, and everywhere it has to be. I don't want to be in Satan's kingdom." That's right. I want to be in a different kingdom. Amen. And I and I'm becoming more and more aware as long as I want to be in his kingdom, he'll be there. We sing songs of worship and praise. Why? To create an atmosphere where he is welcome. And so whenever we're having some problems, what do we do? We just start singing songs. God inhabits the praise of his people. So if I sing songs of worship and praise and all of a sudden I say, "Satan, if you want to hear me praise God, just just stick around for a while. But I'm not going to change. I'm going to praise my God because I want him. And generally Satan gets tired of me listening to my worship. And so he he takes off and then God comes in. We have a wonderful time of fellowship. But I mean that there's a simplicity in all of this. It's not as difficult as we try to make it. If we could begin to understand what God did for us at the cross, when we can begin to understand the magnitude of the love of God expressed to us at Calvary, that changes the whole thing. That's right. Let's see if I got the next one. Okay, I found this interesting. But brother Chad had mentioned this in passing in one of in one of his sermons. It says in Revelations 13, it says, "And it was given unto him to make war with the saints and to overcome them. And power was given unto him over all the kinds and tongues and nations." So that's Satan Esen. Okay. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names were are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the from the foundation of the world. Satan ruling and Satan can defeat and Satan will war against us because God has given him that permission. But it says the the world will worship him whose names are not written in the book of the life of the lamb. Satan cannot totally defeat us because God will not allow us to be totally defeated. And and we go when we and normally we talk about the you know the the lamb's book of life but here it's written different the book of the life of the lamb. Amen. And as I as I was dwelling on that thought I began to realize as I read through the Bible now yeah the life of the lamb was expressed in Moses. The life of the lamb was expressed in Noah. The life of the lamb was expressed in David. The life of the lamb was expressed in all these other different characters in the Bible. Well, where is the life of the lamb now? Here, in us. We are to be the expression of the life of the lamb because that's the seed that is in us. That is what God has placed in us so that his life can now come to expression through it. Will Satan battle us? Yeah, he will. Satan, God gave him permission, but Satan cannot defeat us. We listen, I listen, Brother Brandham at the time when at at the real low point in his life, his wife had died and there he was out there with his with his baby and and and and say and brother Brandham was trying to intercede for the life of his child. And then Satan began to work on his mind. Oh yeah, here you are. You've done this and you've done that. Listen, God won't even listen to you. Look at that. You've done you've sacrificed your life. Everybody thinks you're a fanatic. everything's this that and the other and and and and brother Brandham he was agreeing. Yeah, it's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But then all of a sudden he said something kicked in. God has given. God has taken. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He had to go through that to begin to realize. He had to go through that be because God was trying to express and to show him something and it wasn't easy for him at all. But here again we come down in in our lives in the things that we go through. See Satan could not defeat brother Brandham. He could discourage him. He could try him. He could do all these other one other things. But because he was part of the life of the lamb because his name was written in the book. Satan did not have the power to defeat brother Brown. At least that's how I that's how I read this. And so here again, we go through our struggles. We go through our problems. But the life of the lamb is here. My name is in that book. Satan, yeah, he can try me. He can discourage me. He can do all these other other things that he that he does, but he will never be able to defeat me because there's a life inside of me that is keeping me. And brother Brandham realized that Job had to realize that all when you when you look at at the life of Job and so we have to begin well will Satan will Satan tempt us? Will he try and make make us discouraged? Yeah, he will. That's his job. But see, we there's something inside of us that is greater that has more power than him. Amen. And what has more power than him is is the Elohim, the all powerful self-existing one who lives inside of me. And when I begin to realize what what is attacking me and I begin to realize I am in a pickle. I says, "Well, Lord, you dwell here. And now I need you. I cannot take care of this problem. I'm giving you and then I leave it." Sometimes that's the problem. we we even after we give it we take it back and we carry it home with us but once you can take and you just put it in his hands and says Lord you you take care of this I can't when we were in India there were circumstances we came across and if it had not been for the grace of God we would not be here but I began to realize I'm here be I'm there doing what I believe to be the will of God and if I am in the will of God I believe I'm I believe God is responsible to take care of me to lead me and to guide me and and and and and all of those things. Yes, sir. And so then I put it in him. Amen. I says, "Lord, we're in a pickle. If we're going to get out of this, you have to do it because we can't." And he always comes. Yes, sir. He always intercedes. He always provides the way. But see, now this has to come down in all of our lives. We have to begin to real what dwells in us. God does. Elohim, the all powerful, all sufficient, eternal existing one. He spoke and the worlds came into manifestation. Praise God. Is there anything he can't do? But we have to let him. Okay. When we begin to look at this and the masterpiece, brother Brandham goes on, he says, "This masterpiece was walled by the word of God, God's word, and the masterpiece itself of the family was fortified by this word. But the broken part that was speaking of Eve went off the original went out beyond the wall and give Satan a chance to mar it. But the great sculpture when he had seen the fall of his family, the masterpiece, he wasn't willing to let it lay there and face down and ruin. He went to work immediately to build it up again. He wasn't willing that it should perish. He lay there like all that time because he is God and he is not and he will not be defeated. So we went to work immediately to begin to build again uh in his own image. I I know we were last time we were in India I was given some food and it disagreed with me. Um so I I did it because the brother kind of you know you got to eat something. Well okay. Well well whatever I ate didn't agree. So we got half about an hour later I had to stand and preach. And uh after about 15 minutes into it, I had to leave the pulpit and go outside and get rid of some things. And uh and I sat there for five minutes or so and I said, "Satan, you're not going to win this." And they said, "Oh, do you want us to take you home? Want to take you to the No, I want to finish this." Praise God. And so I went back, stood up in the pulpit, and I preached for another 45 minutes. Because I was not going to let Satan win. I was determined, stubborn, in order to make it so that Satan could not be able to defeat me. When I was done and I sat down, I realized I didn't have enough strength to stand up again. Okay, that's fine. So, somebody else had to lead me to the car. Somebody else had to help me get into the Okay. But see, I was not going to let that Satan defeat me. Something inside of me is stronger than him and Satan. That's right. And so I began I had to rely upon him. I mean, to get back up on the pulpit and pick up the inspiration where you left off and be able to finish the message which God had given to you. Yeah, that's that that that's difficult. Okay. Because all of a sudden you're fighting all these other urges within your body. But I had to rely upon the God to come and re and take repossession of me so that he could so that he could finish delivering to the people what he wanted said. Amen. And so here here again we have to begin to understand who is it that is in us. That's right. It's Elohim the all powerful all sufficient all the the the one who created all things. The one which in which nothing is impossible. So that's who we have to turn our reliance to. Amen. Not relying on us. No, relying on him. Yes, sir. Anyway, sir, so we begin to understand when God had created Adam and Eve and and there was the fall in the garden, God had to God took possession of the of the title deed, God had to watch over and make sure his seed would come into manifestation from that point until the time that Christ came. He God came and he and he and and he created a new dispensation in in in when when God had God had tried by different covenants. He tried to to covenant and and u anyway man always man could never man cannot obey God. We always this gets in our way when you look from the time of the creation and the fall and you begin to look at how how it progressed into Noah. All of a sudden, all the thoughts of men were sinful and and and God says, "I'm going to wipe this out." So God appeared to a man named Noah. Noah, I want you to build an ark for the saving of you and your household. This is out where there's no water. I'm going to build a huge boat and ain't no place to float it. But he had to be. He was obedient to God. because of his obedience, he brought salvation to his family and also to the to the animals that God brought into the ark. But then we go on and then then God established another couple of other covenants. And God be got he already knew but he realized for lack of a better way of putting it. He realized man cannot keep covenants right because of the nature that we have that lives within us. So God took Abraham Abram and God appeared to Abra Abram and and and made a promise to him. He says, "I want you to go and I want to I want you to I want to direct you. I want to take you to another land away from your family, away from your associates, away from everything you're familiar with. I want to take you to another land and I'm going to give you that land." Abraham was willing to obey and follow. Actually, there was a pilgrimage from from the city he was living in. There was a pil there was a pilgrimage there. There was other there was other people going from where he was living into Palestine. He got into there and there was a midst of a famine. And he looked at and God says, "Yeah, this is the land." He looks around and says, "Uh, okay, but uh there's a famine here right now." So, he turned it on into Egypt. Well, Egypt implies your flesh. Egypt implies the world. And so God through circumstances forced him back into the promised land. And God kept trying him and trying him because God was trying to recreate this masterpiece. He was trying to find a man which would totally rely upon him that God could so live in him until God could express himself through him. And so God came and and and and so God came and he made a covenant with Abraham when Abraham was sitting there and they Abraham had offered sacrifices and God came down and in the midst of that sacrifice God's spirit came in in between the sacrifices the pieces and God told Abraham he says your your seed is going to sojourn in the strange land for 400 years and after that I will bring them out. Okay. And Abraham believed God. So that's why Abraham is the father of faith. But then we go and we begin to look at Moses 400 years after the after God had made the made the promise to Abraham. God God brought forth a Moses. Moses was Moses when you begin to look at his life, God God hid him away. God protected him. God watched over him. See, God does not have a plan B. Okay? We we are plan A. That's right. If you don't do what God directs you to do, there is no plan B. You can stop God. There we had a brother in our church and he had an infection or he had a surgery on his elbow and u surgeons did the best they could. He got an infection in it. They treated with the antibiotics that they put all the doctors would have they figured that would have cured you know taken care of the infection. The infection got worse. They had to open it up and drain it, pump it flu fluids and whatever else. And then God spoke to me. Go pray for him. Why not the pastor? Why not the deacon? Why not these other people that have a quote unquote higher position within the church? And God says, "No, you go. I don't like driving into Charlotte. Traffic there is terrible. And that hospital has a conglomeration of buildings. I can't find even find my way out the front door sometimes, you know. But if I had not gone, God maybe he would have found another way, but he instructed me to go and if I did not go, the plan of God could not have been fulfilled. So I I was obedient. I went and we I visited with him and and uh he looked at me and I mean we were friends. It's not like we were enemies or anything, but he looked at me. He says, "Why are you here?" Um cuz he knows I don't like the driving Charlotte and stuff. And uh he I says, "God sent me here." Oh, I says, "We're not dealing with a physical problem. We're dealing with a spiritual problem." And so God sent me here to rebuke that spirit that's in your elbow causing the infection. Because I knew God had sent me, I knew God would hear my prayer. And so when I began to pray, the anointing was there. God answered the prayer and that be the affection began to leave. But see, I had to be willing to be obedient. Well, when God directs you, you have to be willing to be obedient. We sing the song where's God that I I don't can't remember the song that we sang you just before I came out but God light God's guiding hand. Okay. It's always his guiding hand. That's right. And he's always guiding us to fulfill what he wants. That's right. You know when when when we another minister mentioned he was talking about um when when when um Joshua they after they had gone over over the river Jordan there was there they had to they had to take Jericho. Jericho was the necessity. So he got up there in a mountain and he was overlooking the city and and no um and all of a sudden he felt a presence. He drew his sword and looked at this being that was standing there. Are you for us or for the enemy? And actually when you read it he says I'm not for either one. I am here to make sure that the plan of God is fulfilled. Oh, okay. Okay. So, what's the plan? H. So, then Joshua goes back and meets with the heads of the of the military. Okay, Josh, what's the plan? What's the plan? How are we going to are we going to go a frontal assault? We're going to sit there batter ram. He says, "No, you know, we want to be good neighbors. We'll just sit there. We'll get up in the morning. We'll have a nice breakfast and then we'll just quietly walk around the city and then we'll come home, take our siesta, sit back, relax, get back, enjoy the day. Uh Joshua, you've been out in the sun too long. But see, this was God's plan. They had to be obedient to what God directed. And when they were obedient to way God directed, they went seven times around the city. They gave a shout. the walls fell down and they and they attacked from all sides. Mentally, Joshua could never have figured out that's how you're going to take the city. That's right. God came because God wanted to receive the glory for the for the victory. That's right. And so here again, we have to begin to understand sometimes we come into our own problems. We sometime we have our own situations and we're always fighting these things. But see, God has a plan. If we do it ourselves then we can point to us. Look what I've done. Hey, you know um I know when we were in India one of the brothers from he from Cloverdale came down. He was surprised we have so many messages available in the Telugu language. He said oh man he says he says this is your ministry. This is a crowning thing. This is this is all the glory that you're receiving. I says give me a break man. I'm just a mule that carries the fo the the food so that they you know they can go ahead the money in this case so they can go ahead and accomplish what they have the desire to fulfill. That's right. The desire was in them. They needed the means. They needed the cash. So I bought some. I never took possession. I never tried to direct. I was there to encourage. That's how I felt. That was my my my my position if you will. But over time, God has honored that and I still feel that, you know, why me? You know, why would you even bother sending me? There are other people that are a lot more confident. There are a lot of people that understand that, you know, I mean, I had my problems. There was a few times that I was anything but kind to the brother I was working with, and I had to actually call him up and apologize to him for me being anything but pleasant. um because I was frustrated with them because their culture is different than our culture. I'm of the opinion if we're going to get it done, let's do it. They're of opinion, well, there's always tomorrow. So then that the following time year when I went I I began what fr why do I react the way I react? Why does all my flesh come out to full manifestation? And I began to realize I became frustrated. And so when I went there, I be I I began and so when the frustration began to arise, all of a sudden God reminded me this is their culture. This is their people. This is how they think. They don't think American. No, no, they think Indian. Okay. So then I had to choose my words whenever I wanted to encourage them so that I could say it in a nice way. Okay. But here but here but we have to begin to understand God has a reason for doing what I mean I'm not a minister. I do not have a congregation. I don't have the responsibility of a congre. So when I went to India I we we spend anywhere from two to two and a half months. Yeah. And so when I am there for that length of time I can visit places that nobody else can. I can visit little villages. I can visit villages with have 20 or 30 people when other ministers come, you know, because they have their own ministries and stuff like that. I mean, yeah, they expect to see a crowd. They expect to see four or 500 people at least, you know, and that's fine. I'm not I'm not throwing stones at that, but somebody has to reach the villages. Somebody has to reach the little people. Somebody has to be able to be concerned about those people. And okay, so that's that's the that's the that's the blank space that we we we filled in. But then we begin to look at Moses and what God had done through Moses. God Moses tried in his own way to to deliver the children of Israel. And when he tried in on his own efforts, he failed. And so God had to bring him to the backside of the desert and give him a hot-tempered wife to take him down a few notches. And he go out to the sheep and the goats just to get peace and quiet, I think. But God had to reduce him to the place where he had no confidence in himself. And when he got to that point, God appeared to him in a in in that theophony appeared to him in a bush as as a burning fire. And okay, Moses, now you're ready. Now you go back. Ready? I can't even speak straight. What do you mean ready? You know, so Moses argued until God actually got mad at him. No, there God did not have plan B. Moses was plan A. Moses was going to fulfill whether Moses wanted to or not. Okay. But here, but anyway, when to to take all of that, God in in his miraculous way, he showed miracles. I mean, he brought the plagues and all these other types of things. He showed there was a separation between the Egyptians and and the children of Abraham. And God finally he led them out brought them into brought them around Mount Si and there with through Moses ministry God delivered unto them a law and that law was created the priesthood and the beginning of that that was fine but then when you begin to go and you get into the book of Joshua and you begin to get into the book of Samuel you begin to understand that the priesthood had failed to instruct the people they had be it became a job. Okay. And then when you begin to look at the law, the law was man trying God. It was man trying to man was trying to to uh redeem himself by his own efforts. That's right. You can't do it. You cannot live godlike. You cannot live the life of God. Your flesh will not allow that. And so when you begin to look at that, when you begin to understand, I know when Samuel came up, um Samuel there was there had been a war with with the Philistines. The ark of the covenant was was taken and removed from from the holiest of holies and taken into the city of the Philistines. And you know the ark of the covenant never returned to the holiest of holies for the time that Samuel was there till all the during the time of Saul was there and wasn't and and even when David was there he never took it and put it back into the holiest of holies. He kept it a tent by his own house. But see, in order for the covenant of God to be fulfilled, in order for the sins of the people to be rolled over, the high priest had to take blood of the sacrifice and go into the holiest of holies and there sprinkle the blood. So that so that that part of the covenant was nullified because the high priest could not go in because the ark wasn't there. And even when when Solomon built the temple, it it was kind of made the way that God had designed it to be in the ar and the tabernacle of the wilderness. But um there was some variations and differences, but here again, at least the priest could go in there and sprinkle it. Anyway, but it goes on, let's see, this is he goes on in the masterpiece. He says, "Now the foundation is laid through faith, love, and grace, and to perfection through the patriarchs. Now the body work that came on into the great masterpiece was the prophets, which was the word. The prophets, not the law, the prophets, for the prophets was the vindicated word, which makes the body, not the patriarchs. The prophets, they were the word." And when we begin to understand now how God operates, God had to operate now through prophets. The priesthood had failed. The law had failed. The people would come and do their own thing. They all had different ideas and and and revelations of how God what God required and what God tried to do and stuff like that. So God had to send prophets to correct the people. And from that point on, from the time of of of Samuel all the way to Christ, it was through the prophets that God began to go and to instruct the people. And as long as the people obeyed what the prophet said, God blessed them. It's when they went their own way that that the problems began. I know there was one incident we read in the scriptures where God had instructed his prophet, "Go in there and bring an accusation or bring a judgment against this altter." And he and God told him, he says, "You go in there, you don't eat. You don't partake of anything. You go in, you do what you're supposed to do, and you get out." And so he went in there, he did what he was supposed to do, and somebody offered him something. He said, "No, no, God told me I couldn't do it." And so as he left, and he was resting under a tree and uh there was another prophet in the city and he said, "Oh, no. God spoke to me. You're supposed to come home and and eat at my house." And so, well, God spoke to you. Well, that that's great. Okay. So, he went back and he began to eat. And then God spoke to the prophet that had that had brought him into his house and says, "Because you've disobeyed me," he says, "you're going to die." And so, as as it went on, okay, he went he started leaving and going back home and lion came up and killed him. But it's interesting, okay, when when you begin when another prophet comes and tries to tell you something contrary to what you were taught, what God has had re revealed to you. You have to obey what God has revealed to you. You can't go with what some you cannot take somebody else's revelation. You cannot in in some regards, you cannot take somebody else's teaching or or or prophecy or what whatever the word is. God sent us a prophet. All of the all of the other prophets, if you will, of the different denominational systems, though, you know, they that is not what we concentrate on. We concentrate on what God has given to us through the prophet. And when we get a revelation of who we are and when we get a revelation of who he was, the prophet, then we can we can take and we can rest within the within the message that God has delivered unto us. We don't need other people's revelations. We don't need other people's understandings. What we need to do is get into the word and we take the word for what the word says. And as long as we say only what the prophet said, we're safe. That's when we add our own interpretation. We add our own translations. We add our own own mental capacities. When all of a sudden somebody else comes up with this marvelous revelation like that other prophet, you know, had a revelation. Oh yeah, you're supposed to come home. No, that's death. That's right. We have to stick with what God has given us through the prophet. But then when we begin to look at when we be we we continue to go on here and we begin to understand God was going to recreate the masterpiece. God was going to recreate. And so God had had down through the prophet down through the what we call the Old Testament. He had said how he would come. He would have to be of the seed of the woman. He would have to be of the seed of Abraham. He would have to be born under the law. so the laws of redemption could apply. He he had to take on he had to be be born in a certain lineage so he could take on so that he could become uh sit on David's throne in the millennium. So all these things had to have had to have been to take place and so and and so God took in place within Mary that what was necessary to bring forth a body that God had desired to live in. And when Jesus Christ was born, brother Brandham says he was God. He was a he was the manifestation of God. Isaiah 9:6, for unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given. The government shall be upon his shoulder. His name shall be called wonderful counselor of the mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace. It goes on Isaiah 7:14, therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign, be holy, a virgin, shall conceive and bear a son, and they shall call his name Emanuel, which is Elohim, existing with us. That's what Jesus Christ was. God created that body so he could come and so live in that body until he could express himself through that body. the perfect image, the God man, God immorphy. And it's this immorphy really that to me it kind of kind of makes everything understandable. God and God had the ability to change his form. God had the and he he appeared to Moses in a burning bush as a pillar of fire. He he he appeared to Moses and when he when he was talking to to Abra to Abraham and Sarah and there he was in the form of a man and you begin to go and you begin to look at there. So God immored God was changing his dwelling place. God was changing how he manifest and expressed himself. But in Jesus Christ he was Emanuel. He was God with us. He was father. He was he was Elohim in in all in all that that means. That's right. So he goes on on on he says god immorphy had changed from the supernatural to the vision and the vision was projected into the image and the image was smitten so that the supernatural could taste and the feeling of death god's perfect masterpiece. He could not do it in Moses. He could not do it in the prophets and Isaiah who was sought aunderder. Um but in this perfect masterpiece he was the he was the fullness of the godhead bodily. He could not only be project, he could not only project Moses, he could project his entire being into this person and taste death for the whole human race. God's perfect masterpiece. All the types was fulfilled in him. Our kinsman and redeemer and Ruth and Boaz and our lawgiver and from Mount Si and the prophets from the wilderness. So this is this is God. This is Jesus Christ. He was not the second person of a trinity, right? He was Emanuel. He he he was he was he was he was Elohim, the the allsufficient, all powerful, self-existing one. He created a body that he could come and so live in till he could express himself through that man. But now where is God dwelling now? Elohim, the all per the self-existing all powerful one, where does he dwell? In us. We are now him. Brother Brandham says she is him. Amen. Well, if we are him then then here again it's it's God changing his dwelling place. Now he's dwelling in us so that he can pro so that he can express himself in the same way that he expressed himself in Jesus Christ. There was a time in in Luke this in Luke 2:41 he begins to go about he says now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the Passover and when he was 12 years old they went up to Jerusalem as the custom of their feast was when the days were fulfilled and as they returned the child Jesus terried behind in in Jerusalem and it came to pass after three days they found him in the temple sitting at the m in his midst of the doctors both hearing them and asking them questions and all that heard him were astonished at the understanding in his answers at the certain and in the Jewish religion when a person goes from 12 to 13 years of age they consider him a man if they need a minion they can take a 13 year old stick him in the midst of them that that satisfies their their the requirements of of their law in order to have a certain number of people and so here again we look at Jesus he didn't go to seminary he didn't go Where did he get this knowledge? Brother Brandham says he went from theophony to flesh and in that form he knew all things. At what point did he know all things? At what point? But here here again we have to begin to understand. There was two parts for lack of a better way of putting it. There was two parts to Jesus Christ. The flesh was all man. All man. But in spirit he was all God. The flesh had to communicate to the God that was in it. And that flesh could only understand what the spirit in it would reveal to the flesh. Why did Jesus pray? He was trying to get in contact to the God that dwelt in him. He wanted to know the will of God. He wanted he wanted he wanted to fulfill the he wanted to fulfill what his father wanted him to do. If Jesus Christ had not if if Jesus Christ had sinned, he could not have become our kinsman redeemer. He had to be totally obedient to the God that was in him. If at every point he deviated, he sinned. At that point, he could not be our redeemer. But now we have to bring it to us. Who do we communicate with? Somebody asked asked I think brother Brandham he says brother Brandham you know because he you know he was trinitarian said well now that we're we understand the oneness of the godhead. He says who do we pray to? Brother says it's easy. You pray to the God that's in you. How far away is God? You know every it's hard for me to get away from myself because everywhere I go I go. That's right. Well, if he's in me, that means everywhere I go, he's stuck inside of me. Therefore, he has to go with me. If you follow and so he's never further away than I am from myself. But I have to be aware of that presence. I have to be some. Yeah. I mean, we go about brother Brandham in one place he says he says when the anointing was on Moses, then Moses was God. That's right. But when the anointing left, he says now Moses became Moses. Okay. Well, the same thing here. As long as the anointing is on us, yeah. Then we're God. When the anointing lifts and what are we back to what we were? Okay. I mean, there there's this transition and some and like like with the ministers, he says, he oh yeah, you preach on Sunday and all of a sudden the anointing is there and all, you know, all you're in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And he says, "Watch out for Monday because all of a sudden you return back to what you are." Okay? Because brother Bradam's ministry when he was sitting there discernment, all this other kind of stuff and they would have to take him outside and walk him around the blocks for a bunch of, you know, until finally get him home and then he would just cry. He did not he was able to live in both realms, right? And sometimes he didn't know which realm he was in brother Random expresses that. But see, we need to be aware of what realm we are in and then allow the God that is in us to express himself through us. Okay? Remember in flesh he was just a man, but in spirit he was God. but a man in flesh. Therefore, his body was a human being that was subject to temptations, subject to sickness, just the same as ours. As he had put on a man and human, and then he was God in spirit, and he said, "I and my father are one as the father dwelleth in me." And so, this is where we are. This is in my opinion, this is where we are in our transition in this period of time. When you can because another quote, we'll probably get to it. He says Pentecost came along those restoration of the gifts and all these other wonderful things. But he says when the bride begin to say I and my father are one he says then the truck separates. But do you understand what that what what that is implying? We have to allow the God that is in us to so possess us until it's no longer I who live but Christ living his life through me. Amen. He had in Jesus Christ he had the God in in Jesus Christ God had the total preeminence. Brother Brandham says now he wants that same preeminence in the bride. Amen. And then it talks about and it talks about what what's the manifestation of the sons of God. That's when what ours we what we ever say is the same as God himself speaking through us. Right? And we are in this transition right now. We we have that God sent the prophets to prepare a bride for a rapture. Amen. And so what God has spoken to us through him was to prepare us for the trans for the for for the the changing of our body to come to the realization of who we actually are. Redeeming means means to be restored back to your original. That's right. In the world because there were there serpent seed. There is no original to take them back to. But in if God is if God's seed is in you then you are being restored back to what you were in him before the fall. And if we go back to what we are before the fall you know the brother Brandham in other places he says you know we have to will to do the will of God. Amen. He says God has placed us now in the same in in in the same condition or relationship that Adam had in the beginning. And he says, he says, well, how's this? It all comes down to self-will. You have to will to do the will of God. And so, you have to submit your will to his will. Okay? Church in his condition, brother Brown makes a statement. And on the day when John baptized Jesus at the River Jordan, one of the greatest events that there ever had taken place, taken place right there, the dove and the lamb united together, that's when God and man became one. That's when heaven and earth embraced each other. That's when God came down from the spirit form and was made a man and dwelt among us. And I look at that and I figure, but you know, that relates to us. I was in the world. I was doing the things of the world, but all of a sudden there was something inside of me that was different. And there was this life of God in me that God was drawing unto himself. And through and through accepting Jesus Christ as my savior, I began a Christian walk. But then God came down and by his spirit, he began to indwell me. Same thing here. That's when God and man becomes one. That's when you and God unite and becomes one. Amen. What is that that's dwelling in you? the eternal, allsufficient, all powerful being. This is Elohim. This is God himself. You know, there there's no limitations. Amen. And all of the you have sockets around here and all of them like they're hooked up to a to a panel with fuses in it. Depending upon how much current the wire can carry, that's what they fuse it at. And normally they if normally they they make it the safety factor they put in. But here again, it's the fuse that limits the power. Okay. Um, so what limits us? It's our lack of faith. Our faith is the fuse box. The more that you understand about God, the more you begin to understand who you are. you the more that you begin to understand the power of God that is available to you. All of a sudden when you can open up and let the f let the spirit of God flow freely through you there's no fuse box. He can flow through you as much as you will let him. So I talked to some people. Yeah. They got their fuses at 5 amp 5 amp circuit. Some might get to 15. Wow. When we get to 20 hey you know now we can plug in some equipment. Huh. Yeah. But all of a sudden when you when you tap into the power lines of I don't know what the voltage is what 4,000 volts or whatever you tap into that sort. Hey man that's unlimited at this point. But see this is what God's trying to get us to understand. We have to I have to understand who God is so I can understand who I am. And and that I that that you know that that's a big statement. But the more I understand who he is and the more I understand I am a part of him. I'm beginning to understand who I am because I am a part of him. I am an expression of him. Him. He lives inside of me. And he lives inside of me for the expressed purpose of expressing himself, of manifesting himself through this flesh. So that's when the love and the dam that that's when God came down. That's when the dove and the lamb united together. It's interesting. And this is something I've been dwelling on for a while. Jesus Christ could be tempted. How could God be tempted? When we look at Jesus Christ, we begin to realize in flesh he was all man. It was the flesh that becomes the problem. It's this flesh that becomes the problem. He could be tempted. In in James, it says, "Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God. For God cannot be tempted. But every man is every man is tempted when he is drawn away from his own lust. Lust doesn't necessarily mean sexual. It's just strong desires to his own lust and is enticed. And when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin. When sin finished, it bringeth forth death. So Jesus Christ could be tempted. Um when when we go and be and and let's pull this next one up. Remember Jesus uh as as he never used his power for himself. He used it for others. Okay. Why would a man that was that that was so full of power like him would ever be sick? Yes, sir. I I've read some books somehow and he talks about the prince of the house of David. He had that Jesus Christ had he sat on a rock and groan with a headache. See, he he he bore our infirmity. He had sickness. He had temptations. He had he had troubles. He had flusterations just as we have because he had to be the right kind of a mediator. But there's another place where what Jesus what what brother Brandham had. He says Jesus never knew what fear was because he always knew that the God that was in him was more than able to take care of anything he come he he that he he any of the problems that he approached. So Jesus, even he said, even if Jesus was surrounded by a a whole host of demons, he wasn't afraid of it. He was in the middle of a storm, he still didn't have any fear because he knew that God was in him was the God that was leading and guiding and directing him. And he had total faith in that God. Well, this is, like I say, this is where we need to come. And and so we understand that he could be tempted. We understand when he he fasted for 40 days. He went into the wilderness for 40 days. He didn't eat. And so Satan tempted him. If you are the son of God that you claim to be, you can take these stones, make them bread. Simple for you. Yeah. But Jesus says, you know, man doesn't live by bread alone. Another one, he he showed him he showed them all the kingdoms of the earth. You worship me, I will give you power. I will let you rule. Now you talk to a politician. boy, that wets their appetite cuz that's all they're wanting. They want power. And we have to be careful as ministers that we don't fall into that trap. I'm just expressing my opinion on that. Okay? Because when we all of a sudden we realize what God is, we realize what we are on, we are under the anointing, we begin to understand the power that is available to us because of the position that we hold. Elijah got mad one day, called out some bears and killed a bunch of kids. Moses got mad and rather than speak to the rock, he smoked the rock. Okay? Because of who he was, because of his office, God honored what he said, even though it wasn't God's will for that to happen. So here again like I said we have to be aware of the power that we possess by virtue of the of the position if you will that we hold. But Jesus Christ here again when we begin to understand yeah he had temptations but he had to overcome his temptations. And how did he overcome them? He told when when when when Satan had tempted him he said oh yeah take these stones turn them into bread. So Jesus went back went back and he quoted the scriptures. Thou shalt not live by bread alone, but but by every word of God. H okay. Fall down and worship me. I'll give you the I'll give you all the power. He he he says you we are to worship God and him alone. Okay. I mean so here again we feed these and and and and then another place he he took him up to the pinnacle of temple. Cast yourself down. You got all these people down there. Glorify yourself in the eyes of the people. when you jump off here, the angels have to come and bear you up and let you and all these host of angels would come and man look at the people. They will look at you and all they will fall down and worship you. And Jesus says, you don't tempt God. You do what God directs you to do. But he always went back to the word. What do we go back to? We have to rely upon the word. Okay. When I when I did this is this is from a commentary that I that I I was reading. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. Let this thinking that this way of thinking must be adopted to you which was also the way of the thinking adopted by Jesus Christ. Precisely because he was in the form of God. He did not consider being equal with God grounds for grasping. He did not think because he was God he could just go out and do whatever he wanted to do because he had all the power. Okay? And this was speaking and from what the commentary said this was speaking of Christ before he was incarnate before he became in flesh. But it goes on in verse 7 and he says but he made himself of no reputation took upon him the form of his servant was made in the likeness of man. So it says on the contrary he rather poured himself out by taking the form of a slave and being in the form of the likeness of human being. He was re he became recognized as a man. He did not come to earth to all of a sudden to become different than what we are. He be he had the mentality of a slave. He he had the mentality he came to serve others. He came with a mentality God he God has sent me here in order that I can manifest him. And it it's God's desire to give. For God so loved the world, he gave. For God so loved the world, he gave. You get sick, what does he do? For God so loves you that he heals you. You need a job. For God so loves you, he gives you a job. For God so loves you, he provides what you have needed. For God so love and it's not because you earn it. There's no earning with God. There there's another thing that came comes to mind. I'll go ahead. when we were at youth camp uh a few years back um the minister would get up he would preach there would be an altar call and half or twothirds of the congregation the young you know they all go to the altar and we as ministers we'd go lay hands and pray and pray and stuff next night another minister gets up and the same group of kids came forward okay so we prayed for them and third night it was the And I began to ask God, I says, "What's wrong here?" Because obviously they are not being able to accept what you are trying to give to them. And so the thoughts came to my mind, he says, "Of of a woman in filth, her hair all messed up, clothes that she had on were torn and ragged and filthy. And she was begging. She was going from one person to another. I'm so hungry. I'm so Can you just give me just a moral of bread? I'm I'm starving to death. I just I just want a little morsel. Can you just supply me with some little this and some and she's constantly begging and begging and begging. And then she says, "You know, there's a there's a kind man on the on the on the hillside, the hilltop. I'll go to him and see if maybe he'll he'll give me this little bit something so I can just just just have something to eat." So she knocks on the door and all of a sudden the master of the house opens the door and he looks down at this woman, hair all messed up, clothes filthy and rags and stuff. And he looks at this woman and says, "Sweetheart, we were waiting for you to come home. We're wondering where you were at. We're wondering what you know what's what happened to you. Why are you out there in the world? Why are you doing all these things?" "Oh, look at you." He says, "Your hair is such a mess." And and and your the dress you have on is so filthy. You you got a wardrobe with all nice, beautiful white dresses, clothing his righteousness. You go in there and take a bath or a shower. I guess a bath at that point and just get washing by the water of the word and oh and sweetheart all the things that you want to eat is all that's been sitting there on the table just waiting for you to come home. We don't have to beg. We are his wife. We are his son or daughter. We we were his children. When my kids come to my house, they don't have to beg to get something to eat. They know where the fridge is. Why do we have the same mentality when we go to God? Why do you think you have to beg and to plead with to get what the necessities that you have for life when he is more than willing to give it to you? All you have to do is ask. Amen. But then you have to have the faith to believe. I mean this also but when you begin to understand your position when you begin to understand you are you are his child when you begin to understand you and the relationship you are his wife it's open to you my wife and I have the same credit cards my wife and I we have one car but she has keys to it also she doesn't have to beg to to go someplace she doesn't if she wants to buy something yeah go ahead and use it I don't like to charge things well okay well that's good but but but but here again there's There's no limitations here. Yeah. Right. I mean, it's like we were going out and she were taking she wanted to get a new dress and that was good. I I like her to have nice dresses. That's my preference. So, she was looking in the rack of sale items. Okay, that's fine. She tried this and that's all right. Yeah, it'll do. You know this. Then I found what she's wearing. I says, "Honey, try this one on. Oh, she says, 'Now this is, you know, this is a little more expensive. I says, I don't care. I think you would look nice in this. Okay, that was my preference. Okay, that's my preference, but she looks beautiful in it. You may not think so, but I do. Okay, so that's but but see here again, it's it's this is my desire for I want her to look pretty. I want her to I want her to be healthy. I I want her to be able to enjoy the life that we live together. In fact, marriage, the whole purpose of marriage in my opinion is two people living, two people sharing a life together. Yes, sir. Anyway, so here again, it says on the contrary, see verse eight, and he being found in fashion of man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of a cross. He became obedient to obey what God had instructed him to do. And Jesus Christ cried, if there's any other way to than the cross, Lord, can is can we take that? But he was willing to submit to Calvary for us. He was willing to go through and submit. He was willing to take the cross to save us. And then in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was and the word was hewed out and reflected that the word was in the beginning him. The word reflected the masterpiece in his own likeness. God back again in his own likeness. The word form being reflected in the image of the man. The masterpiece. All the prophets had flaws and the and and all the ones had different portions. But see, God and Christ were one in so much until he until he put his own spirit into him. And then even the image of the of the builder became one. God and his scriptures work his masterpiece. And when I when I was reading that and I began to look at that, you know, that reflects us because within Adam and within Christ, the genetics was only God. So they can only manifest the genetics to a large extent affects your attitude, affects the way you live, the way that you think and all these other wonderful things. But see just having the gen genetics was not enough. Adam had the genetics. He failed. When Christ came forth, he had all the genetics. But then what happened on the river Jordan? God all of a sudden came and so indwelt him so that that God could now have the have a stronger influence for lack of a better word over the body in which he was now living in. And it's because the God that was in him and he relied upon that God that's why he was able to overcome all of the things that Satan would throw against him. And it's now it's the same with us. It's because of the God that dwells in us we can overcome. It's because of the God that dwells in us we have the power. Because of the God that dwells in us now we have access to everything God is. Brother Man I think in one place says God will bankrupt heaven for one of his kids. This is what we have access to. You don't have to beg. He wants to give it to you. He wants to provide. He wants to take care of you. When God looked down, it's he was so inspired that he would that that it would be the perfect masterpiece of a redeemer. Jesus the redeemer. So God in order to be this mitten himself be because to pay his own penalty, God and Christ became one. So God could smite him in the in the image. The perfect image, the God man, God immorphic had changed from dis the supernatural to the vision. From vision was projected to the image and the image was smitten that the supernatural could taste the feeling of death. God's perfect masterpiece. So it was the God man. God came in Jesus Christ for this sole purpose of redeeming us. God came in Jesus Christ to become our kinsman redeemer. And this is this is the whole plan of God. The whole plan of God is to take and make and and God wanted man after his own image. He did that in Adam. Adam fell. He made the masterpiece. Now it was Jesus Christ. Now he could now Jesus Christ was man in Jesus Christ was was the man after God's own image that God had created. But see now it has to come down to where we are. Now it has to come down to the place where we begin to understand who we are. See he could not do it in Moses. He could not do it in the prophets. Isaiah who was saw and saw until he was saw into pieces. But in this perfect masterpiece, he was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. He could not only project Moses, he could project his entire being into this person and taste death for the whole human race. God's perfect masterpiece. All other types were fulfilled in him. Our kinsman redeemer and Ruth and Boaz out to the lawgiver from Mount Si. He was a perfect masterpiece because he was God. He was the God man. And when did he become the God man of the river Jordan? When all of a sudden God and man united together and God and man became one? You you were born in sin. You were shaped in iniquity. You you have a hybrid nature. Okay. You accepted Jesus Christ as your savior. For what purpose? Because there was something inside you. There was a seed that was in you that God quickened to life. And that quickening that he that what the life that was in you that he quickened to life. Now he's wanting that life to come into full manifestation and full expression. You cannot do it with just with just the genetics. You cannot do it with simply having the seed. No. Now God and man has to unite together in you. And we and now we are to be the final masterpiece. Yes sir. What God was what God expressed in Jesus Christ. Now he wants to express in us. That's right. Brother Bradom goes on and in masterpiece he goes on he begins to say see God came in Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ was the perfect masterpiece. Jesus Christ was was the masterpiece and God came and formed himself in him so that he so that perfect masterpiece could be smitten but he had to be smitten just like God had to reach into Adam and draw out of Adam a part of Adam in order to create Eve. Now he had Christ had to be smitten so that the bride that dwelt within that body we call Jesus Christ. Now that now the now that which was the feminine part of Jesus Christ could now come into manifestation. And so what did he do on on the day of Pentecost? He we find that God came down and and God placed his seed in the church. And so that's that seed was planted on the day of Pentecost. But see Satan also planted his seed. And what was that seed? Nicladism. Satan always worked through men. Satan always works through organizations. Satan always works with other people getting private revelations. Okay? So you have now and you go through the church ages, what do you see? You see there in in the church ages, it's God is talking to two different groups. He's talking to the bride and he's also talking to the serpent seed because God was dealing. God was trying to tell him. God was trying to instruct them. But then when we begin to go on here in uh legacy and church age, he says a momentary consideration of church history will prove how accurate this is. Dark ages the word was almost lost to the people. God but God sent Luther with the word and the Lutheran spoke for God at that time. When we begin to look at the when we begin to look at the church as a plant, the plant which was the church is the avenue or the the vehicle that God was using to to produce the seed. You take you take a piece take corn, stick it in the ground. The corn is sitting there. The life is in that corn. But the corn has to the shell has to die and then and then the life within that corn has to begin to sprout. So you come up with leaves that doesn't look like the seed. Then it goes up to the tassel that looks does doesn't look as closer to it. and he gets to the shock and I mean this is what brother Brandham describes. This is how this is how how he begins to bring it and we begin to understand this is what we're reading about here in in the church Asia. He says when the Methodists failed God raised up others and so it's gone on through the years until in this last day there is another people in the land who under their messenger will become the final voice to the final age. Not the prophet the bride. Amen. We are to be the final voice to the final age. But we as the bride, if we are the bride, that means we are a manifestation of Jesus Christ. What is Jesus Christ? He is the word. So that means we become the manifestation of the word. And the word cannot contradict the word. The word will only say what the word has said. So we should be only saying what the what God has spoken to us through the prophet. That's I mean and and this shouldn't be a hindrance. This shouldn't be something far out that we we have trouble to understand. But here again, if we come down to the place we have to realize God sent a prophet and that prophet God sent that prophet in order to tell us who we are. When I was in it was I was I was raised in the Baptist church went from that to Assemblies of God. I was always a sinner. Emphasis saved by grace. And as I listen to some other ministers, if you will, they are still saying, "You're a sinner. You have to overcome your flesh. You have to do better than this. You have to do this. You have to get in your Bible. You have to read the message. You have to do this. And you're you're a sinner. You have to overcome your flesh. You're a sinner. You have to overcome they're s." And so you're always you're always in the negative. We always realize, yeah, I'm a poor, rich, and miserable person. I'm a sinner. I I have, you know, and and and God in grace and mercy and love, he bestowed that grace upon us so that I could even have salvation. Well, that's all true. But when I came to this message, it said, I'm not just a sinner saved by grace. I am a child of God that has been fully restored to my rightful position with my father. And that God so lives inside of me until he is trying to express his life through me. But I have to let him. This is the pro. This is the battle. The battle's not only in Well, the battle's in your in our heads. Yeah. Because Satan, that's where that's where he works. But we have to begin to understand God sent the prophet to tell the bride, "This is who you are. You're him. In all that that implies, you're him." Yes, sir. We have to think not of ourselves as sinners saved by grace. I mean, that's always that we you get up in the morning, you realize that. Okay, that's not a hard thing to comprehend. But when you begin to transition your thinking into no, I am a child of God. I was a part of God from the beginning. Now that God that lives in me is wanting to express himself through me. Yes, sir. He says, "Yes, the church is no longer. So, the church is no longer the mouthpiece of God. It's his own masterpiece. So, so God is turning on her. He will confound her through the prophet and the bride. For the voice of God will be in her. It didn't say the and the voice and the prophet and and the voice of God will be in the prophet. No. The voice of God will be in her. When the bride begins to say I and my father are one. When we begin to realize that God is God dwelling inside of me and the more I can yield to him and all of a sudden I can give him the preeminence then it's no longer me. Now it's him. And if the more of the more of my life I can give him, the more of the the more control he has of me, the more of himself he can express through me. Satan knows that if the people can get a true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for, she can do the greater works. She will be an invincible army. And if you can get a true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit is earned to withstand the antichrist spirit, Satan will be powerless before her. So we have to understand how does Satan operate? He gets his doubts. He gets he gets other ministers with their own private revelations. Okay. Um I'm not interested in their private revelation. You you got a revelation. Fine. Show me where brother Brown said it. And not only that, show me in the scriptures. I want both of them together. I want both of them together. I mean, there are things that we discussed the last couple of days and we have our thoughts, but until I can take the word and I can take the prophet and I can bring the two together into a revelation and I can substantiate it by the word and the prophet and I can bring them together, I don't preach it. I'm not going to preach a bunch of my ideas because I don't know if they're going to be right. But when I can take the prophet and the word and put them together now, I have an understanding and on that understanding I can rest. And like I say, I have a lot of my own ideas, but that doesn't mean any of them are right. But if I can come here and I can begin to if the people get a true revelation of the true church, that means that she gets a revelation that she's Jesus Christ because that's what the true church is. and that she can and and and what she stands for which means she has to stand for the word and that she can do the greater works. Okay. Now there's a transition in thinking. Not only do you know who you are, not only do you stand for the word, you have to have the faith to believe that you can do the greater works. Only then will you become an invincible army. So do you believe you can do the greater works? Do you have the revelation of who you are? Do you have a revelation you're him? Do you have a revelation of the eternal, allsufficient, all powerful, self-existing one dwells in you? Brother Brham said, "I don't do any of these things. I'm just standing there while he does them." Jesus himself says, "I don't perform any miracles. It's the God in me." Look, the God in me. Amen. Performing that. Amen. Okay, same thing. I can't do it, but he can. I have to allow him to do it. Brother Brandham said the gift he had was learning to get himself out of the way so that the God that was in him could express himself through him. This is where we have to come in my opinion. Okay, you don't like it, you can throw it away, but that that's my opinion. He goes in the in the rising of the sun. He said in the bride coming of Christ. What's this bride coming of Christ? Christ coming in bride form amorphing changing his dwelling place. Amorphy manifesting himself different forms. He's manifest himself in us. Okay. Um in in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church there'll have to be a sheath waved in again in the last days. What was the sheath? the first one that came to maturity um for the bride age for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message that the full the full maturity of the word which is Christ okay has returned back again in its full power and it's being waved over the people and goes on because I live ye shall live also speaking to it speaking to his wife because I live you live also what what a resurrection that what what a resurrection this is to be quickened from the dead to be made alive in Jesus Christ. It's by God's quickening power. We have what was waved in brother Bradam's ministry. What was waved over the people? The word I mean Jesus Christ. Okay. The eternal allsufficient all powerful self-existing one. Okay. That was God took and that God expressed himself and God moved over and God manifested himself to the bride. Why all the miracles to brother Brandham's ministry? So we'd have confidence in God. Why all the healings? So we could know God could heal. Why all the, you know, why why do the manifestations of God? So we know that God himself is real. It's not a figment of our imagination, not just something we read in a book. No, God has to become a reality to us. We have to realize where is God? Where does he live? Where does he dwell? Right here. If you put him out there, that's that's fine. out there, he's not going to help you. Well, I mean, he will. I take that back. But when you come to the realization, no, he's here. And all I have to do is allow him to express himself through me. I don't have to perform miracles. I just have to let him do it. Amen. When I went to see their brother with because of of his infection in his elbow, I didn't perform any miracle. I went there as as as as as as a minister of the gospel because I felt led to go and to minister to him. And I realized that when I was there and I was ministering, I realized God sent me there for a purpose. And I didn't heal him. I re I under the inspiration of God, I rebuked that spirit and then the healing began. It wasn't anything about me. I allow God to use me. Okay. I don't Yeah. What is this next one? Well, okay, brother Brown, when when he's talking about how when when he was relating what happened when a when when God appeared to Abraham and and and began to speak to Abra, he be he here he relates the fact that that that okay, he says, "So will it be at the coming of the son of man when the son of man is being revealed?" No, not no more as a church. See, not no more. Not not no more. He sees the bride is called out. See, in the day of the son of man, in the day the son of man will be revealed, what? To join the church and to the head to unite the marriage of the bride. The bridegroom come will come right through this when the son of man will come down and come in human flesh to unite the two together. The church has to be the word. He is the word. And the two unites together. And to do that, it'll take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man. See, it's the son of man. Jesus Christ will come down in human flesh among us. And he will make his word so real that it'll unite. It'll unite the church and him as one. The bride and then shall go home to the wedding supper. When the word here unites with the person and they too become one and then what does it do? It magnifies. It manifests the son of man again. The word and the church becomes one. Whenever the son of man's done the word and the church does the same thing. He goes on here in in in the sea is not air with the sh. begins to talk about Pentecost. And I'm nothing against Pentecost, so don't throw stones yet. He says, but he says, "Along came sanctification." How many believes in sanctification? You believe the Bible. You have to share. So that's what it is. He says, he says, "But when the pent, but when but then come the Pentecost, the restoration of the gift, speaking in tongues." Why? Why they call it the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost speaking in tongues? There they call it the initial evidence which which brought forth what? It brought forth the shock. But they denominate. But when you come to say I and my father are one and these other things then the shuck pulls away. The plant is growing. The plant is growing. What was the last age? What was Lady Oia? It was the shuck. But it had but but this it had to it had to protect the wheat. It had to protect the seed until the seed could come to maturity. That's right. But we should be coming to maturity. Yes, sir. Brother Brandham says that the church that that laid it the seals could not be open until the all until the church was dead. That's right. Um stick my neck out. That means that means the late church age ended in 63. Amen. Because it died. Okay. Um, so what so where is the life now? If all of the life in the plant has died, where is the life now? Amen. It's in us, which is the seed. And what is that seed? It's a full reproduction of the seed that was planted at Pentecost. It's God coming in human flesh. It's God coming in us. It's God so coming in us until it's no longer us, but now it's him. And this is the transitions we have to make in our thinking. We have to think beyond Pentecost. And nothing wrong with Pentecost. Okay. The problem I found with Pentecost, Pentecost tend to rely an awful lot of on emotions. My opinion, emotions don't save you. Emotions don't heal you. Emotions don't do anything but have you get you a nice excited time. Okay? And that's fine. But we have to get beyond emotions. We have to I don't rely upon emotions to know who I am. If I relied upon emotions, I would give up and just go away. Okay? But be I go back to the word. The word tells me this is what I am. The word tells me I am a son of God. The word tells me Jesus Christ died on the cross for my sin. I am the very righteousness of God himself because I am in him. I have accepted Jesus Christ as my savior. That God lives inside of me. That's what the word says. Amen. I will accept it because the word says, not because I feel it. But because that's what it he's he's telling me who I am. And the more I can begin to accept who I am, the more of the God that is in me can begin to live and express himself through me. And I I keep I'm coming to the real it has nothing to do with me. I cannot produce miracles. I cannot save anybody. I cannot do this that or the other. But the God in me can. But I have to yield to him. He needs a vessel to which he can flow. Spirits are powerless until they have a vessel in which they can live and express themselves. I mean, that's what diseases are. They're spirits and they live in they live in that body and they do what they do. Okay? Some epilepsy and you got all the cancers and whatever else you have. Okay? So, a spirit has to be able to abide within a vessel in order for it to express itself. God is a spirit. He has to have vessels that he can live in so he can express himself. Satan is not a gentleman. Satan will take possession of you whether you want it or not. And Satan will cause you to do things you don't want to do. Look at the people that do drugs. What do they do? They've all of a sudden they ingested a spirit. And that spirit I mean and and they become so bound to that spirit it kills them. Okay. But God is a gentleman. He will not override our self will. You have to will to do the will of God. Brother Brham had to brother Brandham had to will to take his self and and and will him. Brother Brandham had the will to allow God to come and take possession of his vessel so that the God that was in him could express himself through him. Brother Brandham realized it was not about him but it was all about the God in him. God came first he said to express himself completely. God was in Christ. Second, to have the preeminence by this in his church, which is his body, the bride, until until he could have the preeminence to express himself himself through them. And thirdly, to restore the kingdom to the rightful position, going back to the Eden condition. Brother Brandham says when we then when we have accepted Jesus Christ that the whole thing is we're trying to go back to the Eden condition. Brother Brandham says when you've accepted Christ and you have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you're you basically are restored back to the Eden condition. He says that puts you on that puts you on self-will. He says, brother, somebody asked, well, brother Brown, what what do you mean by self-will? He says, you have to will to do the will of God. Adam and Eve had to will to do the will of God. We have to will to do the will of God. When it comes to holiness, why is why do people struggle over holiness? If you have something holy in you, to me, the that life that's going to manifest itself is also going to be holy because that's the life of God. Take that for what it's worth. But we have to begin to understand what God is trying to accomplish in this generation. Unveiling of God. He says, "No, notice then when we become part of him as you are the veil that veils him, you are a part of him as as no long as long as Christ is in you as Christ was in God because God was in him made him God." And that's that's a mouth mouthful. But God in him made him God. And as Christ is in you, the hope of glory, now you become a part of Christ. Actually, you become part of God. He says, he says, you going to be a part of me. You're going to be my bride. My life will be in your body. Just like husband and wife is one person. You and I are going to be one. At that day, you'll know that I am in the father. The father's in me, and I in you, and you in me. He says, see the oneness of God. The oneness of God. He's elevating us into the Godhead. He's elevating us to the place where we literally become a manifestation of God himself. I cannot comprehend that. But there's something inside of me that's saying, "No, this is true." Something inside of me, if you will yield to me, I can do this through you. Yes, sir. Okay. I still don't understand, but I'll take you at your word. He said, "All that God was, he poured into Christ." know that Christ was he poured into the church. There you are. It makes them all one. Now the bride now now now the bride are one. The tree of life. In other words, like husband and wife is one. Christ and this bride are one. Same thing, same spirit, same works, same signs, everything. For the works that I do, so you do also. This is where we are. We are at the end time. Amen. The seed that was planted at Pentecost now has to come to full maturity. Yes, sir. What was that seed? It was Christ. That's right. So full maturity implies that we have to be an exact replication of him. He was God in man. He was God and man joined. What are we to be? God and man joined. What does it do? It makes the two one. And this is to me this is what God through the prophet was trying to tell me. Yes sir. You are not just a sinner saved by grace. You are a part of God from the beginning. Amen. In the process of time, God brought you into manifestation. He brought you into manifestation for the sole purpose that he could express himself through you. That's right. But you have to yield to him. And he will not force that. Like I say, I didn't if I didn't want to go to pray for the brother in in Charlotte. Yeah. I said, "No, I'm too busy today. May maybe tomorrow. Maybe next week. I'll see if I can put on my calendar." No, that that's not No. God says, "I want you to do it and I want you to do it now." There's some days I get up and bad habit I make a list of all the things I want to accomplish and I start get up in the morning and I'm going to get started and all of a sudden we get a phone call. The whole day changes. I know with pastors that's a problem. I don't have a I I can turn off my cell phone. I told my pastor, "Take a day off. Turn it off." He says, "I can't. I'm the pastor." Well, okay. That's your problem. It's not mine. But but do you got can you begin to see what he is trying to accomplish now? We have to become the seed that was planted at Pentecost. We have to become the full maturity of the word manifested in our lives. That's right. Which mean like I I tried I tried to express the more I understand who God is, the more I understand who I am because I am an expression of him. Amen. And there becomes a more there's more and more of an awareness of what God is and and and and his nature and what he desires to do. There's more of an awareness of that in my life now than it was even six months ago. The revelation of God and what God is trying to reveal to the bride is coming so fast. It's almost too too it's almost coming too fast to keep up with it. Yes, sir. But yet God is going to take a God has a bride. Not going to have. No, God has a bride. And what God is going to do is he's going to sew live into that bride until him and that bride literally becomes a single entity where we literally become Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we are so thankful Lord you've been with us today. Thankful Lord you are able to move my thoughts aside and be able hopefully express your thoughts and desires to the people because Lord we are at the end. I look around at the world. The world is in Satan's Eden. He can have it. But Lord you're telling us no we are the bride. We have been translated out of his kingdom into your kingdom. And now Lord you're so wanting to live through us until it's no longer us living but now it's you living your life through us. We know we have to be willing to submit but Lord you're creating with the within the bride the desire not out of law but out of love. We do what we do for you Lord because of the love we have for you. We want to honor you Lord out of respect for your word. We want to honor you Lord in the lives that we live and the things which we do so that the people in the world can see that there's something more than what Satan is offering. We can offer unto them something which is alive, something which is real. we can offer unto them yourself. So be with us, Lord, as we go as we as we pause and partake of refreshments and come back for the communion. Lord, the communion means so much to me because Lord, that's where we begin to show that we as the bride of Jesus Christ, we have unity one with the other because we are all partaking of the same elements and we believe that those elements are representation of you. So be with us to the afternoon. Lead and guide us, Lord. Let our thoughts always be centered on you. For I ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Dear Elijah's God is with us today. He's here in us. The word of God on us. Behold the bride of Christ in full. He's here. Elijah's God is here. She walks in step with the revealed word of the hour. She talks in demons we before his mighty power. Behold our strong and mighty tower. He's here. Elijah's God is here. He's here. Elijah's God is with us today. He's here in us. The word of God on display. Behold the bride of Christ in full. He's here. Elijah's God is near. She walks in step with the revealed word of the hour. She talks in demons flee before his mighty power. Behold our right to the strong and mighty power. He's here. Elijah God is here. Amen. Where's he at? He's here. He's here. not just out somewhere, but he's he's swn himself in our lives. Amen. I so appreciated that today. I appreciate what God is showing our brother null cuz it's the same thing we're striving for. It's the same revelation we want to become the greatest revelation of our lives. Not just something we talk about, but we want it to become a reality, not a concept, not a doctrine, but something we live in. Amen. Something that lives in us. And I believe that's what God's growing us to. Man, I so appreciated that. I wrote down we must become whatever he was. That's what we have to become. And what was he? He was God and flesh united as one. And we have to become the same thing. Man, for us it's hard because we've got this concept of like brother null said of our mistakes and our fallen nature. But he paid for all of that. That's all taken care of. He did that so that he could sanctify us with his blood so that he could unite with us again. So let his blood be enough. Let his sacrifice be enough. Let him having taken care of that. Let him have what he wants now. Oh God, I pray that it becomes a greater and greater revelation day by day until it becomes the reality of our lives. Amen. God bless you. Amen. and we're going to pray and we're going to dismiss, but I just want to remind you that the communion service will be this afternoon at 400 p.m. We'll be back here, Lord willing, for communion and feet washing. And may God bless you and we hope to see you then. Let's just bow our heads and thank the Lord. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for you have been so good to us, Lord, that you in this day, you're constantly trying to give us the revelation of who we are. You're constantly, Lord, trying to dispel all the lies that we've grown up believing. All the lies that our nature and the world has told us of who we are. It's given us a false identity, Lord. But God, you've sent a prophet in this age. You restored your word. And you're here even through the five-fold ministry even today trying to dispel the lies and tell us the truth. And let truth prevail, Lord. Let your truth, Lord, become the overwhelming prevalent reality in our lives. And may all the lies be put away, Lord. And may this light be the light that shines in us. And God, may you have your way in us, Lord. For we must believe in order to please you. We must believe that you are. We must believe your word. We must accept it as truth. And we must resurrender ourselves to it. So God, I give myself to you, Aresh this morning. I want to be a vessel that you can flow through without hindrance. Lord, don't let my own mind and wrong understanding hinder your work. Don't let my own selfishness and self-will hinder your work. But Lord, I want to surrender all of myself to you that you can use this vessel to finish your work in this hour. Lord, we pray a special blessing over our brother null and sister Shirley. God, for the work you've called them to do, for the ministry that you've imparted under Brother Null. Lord, for the sacrifices they've made. May you continue to strengthen them and use them, Lord. May they be a blessing wherever they go and whoever they come in contact with. Bless us as we part and return, Lord, by your will later this afternoon. May you be with us and abide in us. And Lord, may we give you first place preeminence in all things. We surrender that to you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you all and Lord willing, we'll see you back here at 4. God's attributes were manifested to his bride in this last age. We have got the revelation by the last prophet's message. And we know who we are and what we raised up for. Praise the Lord. The original life. The original life. The original seed. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is unveiled. The original life, the original seed. We are the word made flesh today. This is what the scriptures say. And our names are seen within, redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God. The original life, the original life, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is unveiled with the lie. The original seal [Applause] our eyes of understanding he has opened up at last and sweet victory ours who were chained down in the past. through Jubilee have sounded and we have responded to our God. The original light, the original life, the original seed, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original life, the original seed. Oh, we are called unto adoption full authority and power. Sleeping saints will awake and join us for translation in his hour. Gentile days will soon be over. Glory hallelujah to our God. The original life. The original life. The original seed. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is unveiled. The original life. The original se [Music] flat. I look back in history, I see a mighty God unveiled, proving over and over that his word will never fail. But I'm not just dwelling on a past memory. Oh, for the same God is living in me. Oh, he's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who pardoned the raging red sea. And he's the same God who's living in me. [Music] Oh, the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth. Earth came back living in Jesus. And there was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that it's the same God who's living in me. He's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who barted the raging Red Sea. And he's the same God who's living in me. Sing verse two again. Oh, the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth. came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that it's the same God who's living in me. Oh, he's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. He's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God who pardoned the raging Red Sea. And he's the same God who's living in me. You give F. We are the generation. We are the conmination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. Oh, we're living in the evening time. The race is almost through, but God has chosen you and me. There's still a job to do. The word that's been revealed to us must be prophesied again. And the message must preach everywhere till the last soul has come in. We are the generation. We are the culmination. The final voice this world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming sins temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation, committed to the calling. Together we stand strong. Lifting up our voice as one, we sing the final song. Oh, God has chosen us to conquer in every test we face. And he has seen us through this far. We'll finish by his grace. For we are the generation. We are the culmination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. Oh, we are the chosen generation once more. Oh, we are the generation. We are the common nation, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation, overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. E flat. Once it was the blessing, now it is the Lord. Once it was the feeling, now it is his word. Once his gifts I wanted, now the giver. Once I sought for healing, now himself alone. All in all, forever only Christ I'll see. Everything is in Christ and Christ is everything. Once was busy planning, now distrustful prayer. Once was anious caring, now he has the care. Once was what I wanted. Now what Jesus says once was constant asking now deceasless praise. All in all forever only Christ I'll see. Everything is in Christ and Christ is everything. Once was ceaseless, now he holds me fast. Once was constant drifting, now my anor cast. Once for Christ I waited. Now his coming hail. Once I longed to see him, now he's been unveiled. All in all, forever. Only Christ I'll see. Everything is in Christ and Christ is everything. [Music] Once it was a mystery, now a secret plan. Once it was in heaven, now in fallen man. Once I hoped in Jesus, now I know he's mine. Once I thought he loved me, now I am his bride. All in all, forever only Christ I'll sing. Everything is in Christ and Christ is everything. Oh, once it was the blessing, now it is the Lord. Once it was the feeling, now it is his word. Once his gifts I wanted, now the giver. [Music] Once I sought for healing, now himself alone. All in all, forever. Only Christ I'll sing. Everything is in Christ and Christ is everything. Oh, all in all forever. Only Christ I'll see. Everything is in Christ and Christ is everything.
