################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - 250423 - Ron Garvin Your Position - Ron Garvin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   250423 - Ron Garvin: Your Position
Speaker: Ron Garvin
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiND21TRELM
========================================

He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. is better over me. His love. He sets straight paths before my feet. His van over me is love. He sets straight paths before my feet. His van over me is love. He sets straight paths before my feet. His banner over me is love is better over me. His love. Oh, he broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. his manner over me. His love. Oh, I am my beloved and he is mine. His man over me is love. I am my beloved and he is mine. His banner over me is love. I am my beloved and he is mine. His banner over me is love. His banner over me is [Music] love. How great is our [Music] God and how great is his word. And he's the greatest one that ever was heard. He rolled back the waters of the mighty Red Sea. And he said, "I'm going to lead you. Put your trust in me. How great is our God. How great is his name? And he's the greatest one. Forever the same. He's unveiling his treasures for those who will see. And he said, "I'm going to give you anointed ministry." Verse one. Oh, and how great is our [Music] God. How great is his word. And he's the greatest [Music] one that ever was heard. He rolled back the waterers of the mighty Red [Applause] Sea. And he said, "I'm going to lead you. Put your trust in me." Lord, how great is our God? How great is his name? He's the greatest one forever the same. And he's unveiling his treasures for those who will see. And he said, "I'm going to give you anointed ministry. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All along my pilgrim journey. Savior land be walk with me. Verse one. Thou my everlasting portion more than friend or life to me. All along my pilgrim [Music] jour with thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All along my pilgrim jour with me. Not for ease or worldly pleasure, nor for fame my prayer shall be. At the well I toil and suffer. Only let me walk with thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All along my pilgrim journey. Savior let me be walk through the lead me through the veil of shadows. Hear me your life's faithful sea. Through the gates of life eternal. May I enter Lord with thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All along my pilgrim journey, Savior, let me be walk with thee. Verse two again. Not for ease or worldly pleasure, nor for fame my prayer shall be. Gladly willed. I toil and suffer. Only let me be walk with thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All along my pilgrim journey. Savior, let me walk with him. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift up holy hands. Elo Elohim. How I love to worship you. Hello. Hello him. How I love to worship you. Play verse one again as brother Ron comes. We can all stand. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstances, no matter what the situation, we will lift up holy hands. [Music] Hello. Hello. How I love to worship you. Hello. Hello. How I love to worship you once more. Oh. Elohim, how I love to worship you. Hello. Hello him. How I love to worship you. Praise the Lord. We do long to worship him. Let's just bow our heads while we're standing. Heavenly Father, we do come, Lord, this evening, Father God, just desiring to worship you, Lord, to hear from you, Father, to be surrendered vessels out of the way, Lord. Me up here in front, Lord. I I've got to be out of the way, Father, that you can speak, Lord. Each one that's here today, those that are streaming, Lord, uh help them to get out of the way, Lord. Help us to set aside the day, the events, and uh all the distractions. Lord, and I know how easy it is to get distracted, Lord. So, we just pray, Father God, that you would do something for us this evening, Lord. We haven't come in vain, Lord. You haven't called this assembly together in vain, Lord. There's a desire you've got on your heart, Lord. And we want to be surrendered to hear it, Lord. It's the most valuable thing that we could hear, not what words that Ron Garvin's put together, but a bridegroom. Our bridegrooms want to speak to us this evening. And I pray that we can be surrendered to hear from you. We love you. We thank you for assembling with us, Lord, keeping your word. And we just look to you to know more about you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Thank you m musicians. Let's uh turn to a scripture in Galatians uh 5 22- 26. Very common scripture. And we're going to hold our place there um because I want to compare that to another scripture. Galatians 5:22 through 26. The fruits of the spirit. I'm sorry I don't have this one on the PowerPoint. I uh assembled the PowerPoint kind of in a hurry and put it on a or I assembled my notes in a hurry. Put it on a PowerPoint the day at work on break time. Emma it to brother Franco and got here to review it. I didn't put a text down. So, so here's our text for the day for this evening. But the fruit of the spirit, Galatians 5:22, but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. And they that are Christs have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Let us not be desirous to vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another. Amen. You may be seated. So, hold your place there. And then also turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 13 as we begin the services this evening. Um, I did want to bring greetings from Brother Chad. I texted him earlier on my 9:00 break. I said, "It's probably about 3:00 there for you. Um, been praying for you and wishing you well." And he wrote back and said that they're enjoying the fellowship. They're doing well. And he had a ser midweek service this afternoon. I think he I think it was about 1:00 when he was supposed to be preaching that. So, it' be about 1:00 1:30 in the morning their time now, I think. So, uh, let's keep holding them up in prayer. Looking forward to them getting back uh, being reassembled with them. So, keep them in prayer. Keep the families in prayers as they're gone. So I was uh out in Pennsylvania over Easter holiday there. Had some fellowship with family and also with brother Jim Shoemake and the church there. So uh enjoyed that. Brother Jim sent his greetings to the to the church here and brother Chad. I don't know if any of you know brother Jim Shoemake, but uh that was my first time to really get to meet him much. So I enjoyed the fellowship out there as well. Yeah. So, uh, brother Chad asked me to to take the service. I don't know when he asked me that, but, uh, I said, "Sure, we'll, uh, we're never prepared, but, uh, we just want to be surrendered." And the Lord gave me a gave me a a thought. It's a, real simple thought, which works well for me. So, but I thought, you know, still I'm inadequate to express that uh, God's so great. you take the simplest little part and try to present it, you you can never never get to the depth of it. You know, um I'm way off my notes already. That's okay. Might be a long service, but I've got a longer drive than most of you. So, you pray for me as I go home. I don't want to hear any complaints. So, but uh you know I hear people uh great ministers uh preach great things, deep things and uh and they can go deep and spin your head around and uh and um you know just in the natural we see people that can do great things. Uh I'm a welder. We got some other brothers here that are welders and uh you know I can make the metal stick together and hold most of the time, you know. So, I don't want to call myself a welder because I might get put up against a real welder and then I might get shown up. But, uh, it it works well for where I'm at and I just do my part there. And that's kind of what we're going to talk about today a little bit. Uh, do your part, do your portion. It's not my job to, uh, to put together some high-rise building or the Golden Gate Bridge. That's that's not my job. If if God wanted me there, he'd give me the qualification to do that. So, we're just sticking a few pieces of metal together there at the county highway. And if they fall apart, then they, you know, they fall off on the road. We'll pick it up, you know. So that's no big deal. You don't have to worry about the bridge collapsing on you or something. So, so God's put me right where he wants me. And if I didn't ask to be up here, if he wants me up here, then he's he's got to give me the qualifications or something to do the job with. So So praise the Lord. Um, so don't complain about what he's given me either. So shift it back on him. So, praise the Lord. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. Let's turn to 1 Corinthians 13. Now, when I was out in Pennsylvania, uh had a little bit of a difficult uh discussion I had to uh go go over there. So, that's the purpose I was being out there. And um I uh did a video call with the family. Uh I don't know if that was Friday or Saturday night, whichever one that was. And the next uh so I was going to do the you know our devotions with the kids before they went to bed. So I called them called up the next uh chapter on our scripture reading was 1 Corinthians 13. So we read it and I kept going down through there and it just applied to what I the discussions I'd been involved in that day. And um so I kept reading it and I'd say charity suffers long. Oh my. Charity this, charity. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. We got done. Isaac said, "Why do you keep saying oh my" after everything? Well, it kind kind of hits home here. So, let's let's turn to First Corinthians. If you can do if you can look at Galatians 5 at the same time as 13, then do that. But let's read 1 Corinthians 13. We're going to read verse 4-8 to start with. And then I want to compare these side by side. Charity suffereth long and is kind. Oh my. Charity envth not. Charity vaunteth not itself. Is not puffed up. Doth not behave itself unseemly. Seketh not her own. Is not easily provoked. Thinkketh no evil. Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth. Beareth all things. Believeth all things. Hopeeth all things. Endureth all things. Charity never faileth. Amen. Praise the Lord. Before we compare these scriptures, I've got a quote in here. I think I'll get to it today. I don't well we we'll just see but brother Brandham and Aaron you're familiar with the quotes several places brother Brandham said it that the most powerful force that he's ever found is love charity never faileth now that's what the Bible says that's what our prophet said do you believe it all right then apply it amen I was in a pretty goodiz trial this weekend pretty tough But I take that scripture and I stand on it. Amen. Brother Jim Shoemaker was a real blessing. And um he was talking about kingdom authority and how we can stand for our loved ones, stand for our families, stand for our children. Some of you have got children that have walked away. Apply that scripture with faith. Believe it. You're not going to get anywhere backing down from it. You can stand toe-to-toe with the devil. He's got your back. Don't you doubt it. Praise the Lord. Amen. 1 Corinthians 13, let's let's compare these scriptures there. 1 Corinthians 13 verse4. Charity suffereth long. Well, over in Galatians 5:22 says, make sure I'm in the right one here. Galatians 5:22, but the fruit of the spirit is longsuffering. Charity suffereth longsuffering and is kind. Well, what's this say over here in Galatians 5:22? Gentleness, goodness, envieth not. Verse 23, meekness vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up. Verse five in 1 Corinthians 13, doth not behave itself unseemly. Well, verse five of or in uh verse 23, Galatians 5, there's meekness, temperance. So does not behave itself unseemly. There's temperance there. So we're just we're talking about the same thing. fruits of the spirit, love behave itself not unseenly, seeketh not our own. Um verse 26 of Galatians 5:22, let us not be desirous of vain glory. Amen. So she's not seeking her own is not easily provoked. Thinkketh no evil. Let's see. Galatians 5:26 again, let us not desire as bang glory, provoking one another, envying another word. So not easily provoked and not provoking the other. Amen. Not envying one another. So think no evil. We're not envying one another. Amen. Rejoice not in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth. In G in Corinthians, 1 Corinthians 13 verse uh 25 of Galatians 5. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. So rejoice not in iniquity, but joy rejoices in the truth. So if we live in the spirit, let us walk in the spirit. Uh beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things, charity never faileth. Amen. Now we can take that to the bank as they say. And I believe that. Now we can get to my quotes here, get to my my PowerPoint. uh you know five weeks ago I gave the trip report here and I spoke on position and relationship talked about Esther and Fashy and all these different ones excuse me and uh I had forgotten what I had written I actually had to look it up in the back uh I'd forgotten what I'd spoken maybe I wasn't listening but uh uh I had to look it up in the back office there to what what seems like this is a familiar here something I spoke about and look well that's what I spoke about position and relationship and today we're going to talk about your position so we're going to try to anyway if I can get get rolling here now we can make this simple I think these welder guys how many welders guys we got here a minute we got Brian where's James is he around here somewhere I got to pick on these guys so different ones brother uh brother Ilia so you got to make it simple for these guys. I I know I know these guys. So, your position, know it, be dissatisfied with it, and stay in it. Amen. Now, if you can catch the revelation, we can dismiss early and go home. But I know who I'm working with here. So, we're going to have to go a little bit a little bit further. So, it's pretty simple. Uh nothing complicated here. And if we could catch the full revelation, like I say, we'd we'd be home early, but uh we're not going to have early dismissal, but hopefully we get out on time that I can get home at a decent hour. I got to go to work in the morning. So, let's let's enjoy the the journey of discovery as we as we look at these things. you know, knowing your position is um it's a little bit more difficult than uh you know, the preacher gets up here and I sit back there and I hear him say it and walk out and forget what he said, you know, and I think we're probably all guilty of that. And uh we just they make it they make it plain plain as day. We sat here and rejoice and we walk out and forget about it and we uh don't retain it somehow. At least that's for me. I speak for myself. But the voice of the culture, the age we live in, uh it dulls the voice of God. So we hear you are this, you are that. We're the bride of Jesus Christ. We're overcomers and and we jump up and shout and say hallelujah. And and we walk out and and the voices we hear out there, it's like you're nothing. You're uh well, look in the mirror. That's who you are. Identify who you are because of your actions and your feelings and your and we just and we forget who we are. So uh you know that first one there knowing your position maybe that's a little bit more difficult than what uh what it should be because this Satan is constantly showing us the wrong position. That's why we forget what we are. If if he was there encouraging us. Take this to heart. fathers, mothers, school teachers, uh bosses, whoever you are. If you're throwing out a positive, uh now this is not not psychology, but if you're throwing out a positive reinforcement there to whoever you're u in charge of, maybe they can start to grasp it because that's the way God works with us. He keeps reinforcing it, telling us over and over. But Satan's on the other side, and now we've got to decide who we're going to hear, who we're going to listen to. Back and forth, back and forth. So, he's o constantly showing, well, you failed. You failed. You failed. You failed. And um but uh we're going to keep on trying. We're going to keep on surrendering. We're going to keep on growing. That's right. So, we Let's look at the carnal side of this equation for a little bit. Thinking about the Welder brothers. You know, Brother Brian works for Spingers and I think James still does, too. You haven't fired him yet. All right. Good deal. Well, we got to know our position there. So just on the natural level and as we talk about let me let me talk to the welders. I they need some real talking too. The rest of you just kind of sit back but it apply to your lives as well. So they got to know their position. Now Brian's been there longer. He's probably a crew crew chief there. He's in charge of some things and and uh James is just a young guy coming in trying to learn the ropes. Uh we need to know our position. Brian needs to know his position. He can't be letting that little punk come up and tell him that, hey, Brian, this is the way we're going to do it. And he wouldn't because James is shorter than him. He wouldn't wouldn't put up with that anyway. But Brian's got to know his position, be confident in it. So, no, this is the way we're doing it. This is this is the correct way. And I know you've got another idea. We've tried that before. It doesn't work. This is the way we're going to do it. And u don't give me a lip, you know. Get my whiffle bat out. Right. Amen. And James needs to know his position, too. I'm the new guy here. I'm learning. I I I got to pay attention. All right. We've all got that to do. You know, uh the new employee, he he needs to be he needs to know his position. He needs to be satisfied with it, and he needs to stay in it, right? you know, if it's a new guy and he's never welded before, he's he's not going up on the he's not going up on the on the lift to weld something overhead. Not going to happen. Brian's not going to let that happen. And uh so he's he's got to be satisfied picking up the the trash off the floor because otherwise everybody's tripping over it. Parts come in, they got boxes, they got trash, they got skids, they got stuff they need to be cleaned up. Somebody's got to do it. Yeah. If the new guy doesn't do it, he decides, "Ah, I'm going to take a break. Go out behind the building here. Nobody know notice that I'm missing." Brian's going to notice it because now he's tripping over everything. So now Brian is the one cleaning up the mess. That's Marty's position. But that's he it's got to be done. If it's not done, the job suffers. So the new guy, he's got to be satisfied with that. If you don't want to pick up trash, then then go flip burgers. go find something else to do somewhere where you're satisfied, where you know your position and you can stay there. Uh if the guy picks up picks up trash and he's he's satisfied with it, that's good. If he's not satisfied with it, that's bad. Uh I would much rather have a guy on the job that is is satisfied in his position and is a willing worker even though he's not got the capabilities of the other guy. Cuz you get a sour apple in there, it ruins the whole thing. It's like, I don't have use for that. I don't have time for that. That just it just poisons the whole atmosphere. Get them out of here. We'll pick up our own boxes. We don't need you. Be satisfied in it or go find something else to do. Be satisfied in your position. Know it. Be satisfied. Stick with it. you know, uh I don't know about you guys, but I work for the county highway and there's guys there that um don't realize the really the value of their position. So, they just take off at every little whim. So, the boss, he cannot schedule the day's jobs cuz he don't know whether they're going to be there or not. It's like, is he going to be there? I don't know. We're going to have to wait and see. We clock in at 6:30 and well, maybe he's there, maybe he's not. If he's not there, okay, we got to find somebody to fill his shoes, drive his truck. Well, that means we got to pull this guy off this. We got to shut that job down now because we don't have the guys to fill it. This guy just thought, "Ah, they don't need a truck driver. I'm going to lay up for the day." Well, that one truck that got shut down also shut down this job over here. That's right. He needs to be there. He needs to know the value of his job. You say, "Well, it's just driving a truck. What value is there to that?" Well, because you was there to drive the truck, we was able to do the paving job that you was going to be on. We also was able to repair this bridge over here that was an emergency. It had to be done. We didn't have to shut things down in order to manipulate and cover for you. Now, this is on the natural. What about on the spiritual? Amen. We need the guy in row row five, seat six. Amen. Is the Is the pastor worried about are they going to show up? Are they going to be there? Are they going to pull? Uh, right. You know, your your calling is not just to warm the seat up. We don't We'll get a heater. You know, don't be the sour sour apple on on row six. I better count see who I'm talking about here. So, know your position. Well, I'm just I'm just I'm just a You're just a what? You're just a part of the body. Amen. Yeah. And like brother uh Riley said, you're half of the gift. Amen. If nobody's pulling out there, it's really going to be tough on the guy up here. So, praise the Lord. Somebody must be pulling tonight. So, appreciate it. Keep doing your job. Stay with it. We got that up there. Yeah. Stay with it. Stay in it. Be satisfied where you're at. Don't try to come up here. The deacons will come after you. No, that's is not your position. Uh, I don't need to be up here if Brother Chad, you know, think brother Chad's going to be out of town. Ah, there's my opportunity, you know. Hey, he's not going to be here next week, Sunday. If I can just cut brother Burley off, I can get up here. No. Row five, seat six. Get there. That's where I need to be. Amen. Amen. This is good for all of us. Amen. Be satisfied picking up trash if that's what your calling is. Yeah. If you're on the job as Spallingers and you're supposed to pick up the trash, pick up the trash. When you show yourself responsible at that, Amen. We'll go further. That's right. I like somebody that's, you know, uh, well, pick on the county highway. They deserve it. So, looking for an easy easy way out, you know, and the boss comes and says, "Uh, hey, could you pick up those sticks?" Like, all right, pick up the sticks, find a place to hide. That's all I was told to do all day. No, you was told to do that. Now, if you go back, what else would you like? Well, can you mow the grass? That's not very important. I'd really like to drive a truck, but mow the grass and be done by lunchtime and just kind of hide. And this this literally these kind of things happen on the job. So if it happens there, it probably happens in the church as well because it's just types and shadows. So just do the one thing and then that's all the boss said. So go hide, you know. Um but give me somebody that when I say pick up the trash and they do and say, hey, what else you got? Hey, could you go get these tools? Could you to put these tools back? When I find somebody that's willing, Amen. They're engaged in the program. They're engaged in the project. They've got a heart for the the overall picture. Yeah. I can use somebody like that. Even if they'll never be able to weld. Yeah. Because not we've I've only got two welders in my shop. Three. But right in my location, I've got two. So, we can't all be welding at one time. Usually, it's just small projects. It just needs one welder. But if I could get somebody that could run the saw and cut pieces for me and go get bolts. Amen. And wow. how that would just propel the job forward. Amen. And then now me, the sole welder there. I mean, there's other guys that do, but I'm the welder on the at the county if it's a big job. So, I'm the only guy that tackles these big jobs. So, now I'm not have to run for bolts. I don't have to I can get if somebody can do that, I can I can make some progress. All right. If you'll pull from your seat, Yeah. the pastor can make some progress. But if he's just got to labor and labor and and oh, he's got to pull this up and he's got to and he just labor and labor and just slow the whole program down, recognize that you're part of this project. I was thinking, you know, if it'd be a great honor for me to uh to be hired by NASA. Could you come and weld for NASA down here at Cape Canaveral or wherever? Uh woo, that'd be that'd be great. I'm not qualified to weld on the on the space station. You don't want that. No. But maybe I could weld brackets for their shelves to hold their parts, you know, and that'd be a great honor. And you're part of the program, right? You know, I'm not chief engineer. I'm not the one welding all the aluminum and titanium, and that's beyond me, right? But they probably got somebody there that sweeps floors, you know. There's probably somebody there that fuels that rocket up, that uh space shuttle. Well, I guess they don't even use a space shuttle. Somebody has to fuel that up. Maybe some little boy had a dream. It's like, wow. Because back in the old days, let me talk about the old days. How many of you remember this? You go to a a full service station, the guy comes out and says, "How much you want? Give me five bucks." Which, you know, was a half a tank back then. And uh they wipe your windshield. Anybody remember that? Oh, look at all you old people out there. So, praise the Lord. And I remember one of the one of the guys at work, uh, his son, you know, that was his ambition life. I want to pump gas. A come on, have higher ambitions than that. Well, maybe there's a little boy that, you know, he wanted to pump gas and and now he's pumping gas. He's filling the the shuttle. He didn't design anything. He's he's not he didn't write any of the computer programs. He's he's not engineered anything, but they need him. Somebody's going to be really upset if that thing's not fueled. And there's probably somebody that wipes the screen the windshield on that thing, too. That probably I could do that. You know, got to go wipe the windshield after I get done with these shelves. We'll stick to the shelves until they're done. Then then maybe we can get you to wipe the wipe the windshield. Do your job. Does it do my welder guys understand this? You got it, Brian. All right. All right. We can move on then. Praise the Lord. Keep on pulling. Praise the Lord. Be satisfied in your position. Because if you abandon your position, you're not if you're not satisfied with it, it's just poison to the whole thing. If you're not satisfied in this church, like, please find some place you're satisfied. You know, Brother Chad might get upset with me if I'm running people away from the church. No, be satisfied in the body. You know, the whole body is not here. Amen. You know, I was out there with brother Jim Shoemake. Praise the Lord. They've got a body out there. Different different bodies. Where's Brother Hector? He's here somewhere. I can't see you, brother. With my my glasses on. I can't see you with them off. So, praise the Lord. Oh, well, you guys will get old, too, someday. Amen. Heard one amen out there. God bless you for an honest heart. Keep on pulling, brother. Uh, and when you wear me out, I'll say, "Quit pulling. We got to go home." So, we could keep going on and on drawing these natural uh types, but just apply it spiritually. If you're not satisfied where you're at, it'll poison the whole church. the whole body. You got to see that you're part of a bigger picture than than uh row five. You're a bigger picture than BCF. This is a body worldwide body. Amen. Amen. So if you poison this part, well that poison can spread. So be satisfied. Stick with your position. So well it's it's nothing. Well, people people get dissatisfied with that. They don't see that they're what they're involved in. They think I'm just doing a little part. Well, that little part's important just like a little child, you know. Um Isaac is uh he be turning seven here uh in the end of May. And uh that boy has got in his genetics to be a chainsaw operator, but not at this point. Or so his mother says. So she won't let him go to the woods with me from now on. But he has got the potential. His daddy was a chainsaw operator. His grandpa was a chainsaw operator. His uncles a chainsaw operators. He's got it. Yep. But not now. He's going to have to bite his time. Needs to be satisfied. you know, a year ago when I'd take him out to trim the edges of the field, which is what we're doing right now, uh, as we got to get ready for the crops, which we just cash in our land and and, uh, so, but we got to get the where the trees have overgrown into the field and where trees have fallen out in the field through the winter time, we got to get all that cleaned up for the farmer to come in and plant the crops. So, we go around and last year, you know, he'd just be playing around and and uh, on the farm, we have a saying, one boy, all boy, two boys, half a boy. Three boys, no boys. And if you don't know the interpretation of that, here it is. You get one boy on the on the hay wagon and that's all you got. He can barely pick up the hay bale, drag it to the back and stack it and and and you just have to slow down for him. And but that's part of the process. You get two boys on there, it slows the process down further because while one's trying to lug the bail, the other one's tripping him, pushing him off the wagon, throwing hay down his back. Okay, you understand? So, we got a lot of boys in here. These guys, they got experience on this. And if you get three boys on the wagon, h you done lost it because they're chasing each other around the wagon. They're throwing rocks at each other. I know. I've got uh I've got three brothers. when you got I don't know what the saying is on four boys, but it's not good. So, praise the Lord. So, anyway, be satisfied in your position. But I was talking about Isaac. That's what I That's where I was at. He's got the potential. Last year he was just all boy. He's just a little bit bigger boy. This year he's he's out helping me with the pruners. I be careful when I say this. He's pruning everything, which means I've got to go pick it all up and get rid of it. But if you left that piece attached, I could have drug it all off with one swoop. So, so now we got to go back and trim it up. But I I don't fault him. He's learning. So, praise the Lord. I'm happy. I'm happy for that. So, next year he'll be pulling bigger sticks. And uh next year he'll be running uh well, if his mother lets him, he'll be running the chainsaw. No, it'll take a while. We'll we'll let him run the pruners this year. Uh next year, maybe maybe hatch it. not in the house. Uh maybe an axe the next year eventually in time, but let him be satisfied. He enjoyed enjoyed the time out there with me and I enjoyed the time with him. We had fun. He was satisfied. If he's just all sour, that makes the job go rough. But uh praise the Lord. I think you get the picture here. Yes. So Amen. Praise the Lord. What do you think God wants in his family? He wants you satisfied. Row six, verse seat five, whatever, whatever your position is, be satisfied right there. When God wants more from you, you show yourself pulling hard from there. God can do something for you. Amen. You know, I was uh 25 at our little church there in Hagerstown, just, you know, just a small country church there. That's the row I I filled my position all those years row whatever seat whatever and was faithful to that and uh when I got to be 25 we come a need for a uh somebody to run the sound to make the cassette tapes back in the old days record the service on cassette and and make up tapes and mail out to those that were homebound and uh they also needed a trustee. So I since I was faithful in that filling that seat now if id have just been out running not being faithful to it because I didn't think I was part of the picture uh you don't want that as a trustee that's not a very trusty trustee. So so I became trustee and and made the tapes and um as things went along later became the treasurer and and just things opened up. God was there. I didn't ask for these positions just come along when I come up here. I didn't ask to be on the missions board or to go overseas. I said, "It's not just give me my assigned seat. Let me sit down and pull." And uh and and we go from there. Uh I don't need to be up here. I don't I I just need to be in position and wherever he places, you know, if if we're seeking a position where we we got to go back and read our text again. Amen. You know, not vaunting ourselves, not trying to put ourselves forward. Let God get the glory. And if we'll just surrender, he can get the glory. Amen. We're going to have a late service. You guys are pulling, but keep it up. Praise the Lord. Not somebody that's looking to do minimum job. You know, that's that's not the kind of employees I like to, you know, we get new guys in and then when they come through, the boss kind of gives them a tour and they come through the welding area and introduce myself. So, yeah, anytime you want to come down, learn, do some welding, happy to have you down here. And a lot of times we'll work them in to just to see what the potential is. And um when I see they they're really not interested, I'll do it myself, you know. Yeah, it's it's harder work. But sometimes it's well it's more late. Well, maybe it's not harder work, you know. I've don't have a helper there to lift the heavy steel down and put it on the saw and all that stuff. It's a little bit harder work for me that way, but having them there sometimes is harder work because I got to keep they can help me get the steel down, but I've got got to keep doing this and directing them instead of them just picking up and going. And man, it's such a pleasure. And I'm sure all of you guys would know this that uh work on a job when somebody comes in that's got a heart and and especially if they got some previous ability. And I remember one man in particular that this kind of work he had done and he he just pitched in. And it's like, wow. It's like, now I'm going to go hide. So, let this guy do it. He that it's such a pleasure. Makes the day go so much better, you know? So, what about our walk with the Lord, too? Just we've been here. We've done this. Okay, let's let's pitch in and do it. Whatever it needs to be done. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh, you know, we can uh I was thinking about this. Some of you sisters, uh, I won't start calling names because I I'll miss somebody, but you sisters cook the meals, have special fellowships over, send cards, send cards to me. I appreciate that different ones. And and you don't want to leave that to Ron Garvin. That's not my qualification. Do you want me preparing the meal for the visiting minister? No. Get on the job, stay there, be satisfied with it. because nobody else is going to be satisfied if Brother Ron's trying to fill that position. But if you don't, I guess brother Ron will have to. Somebody's got to do it. And Brother Brandham told the story about the little boys. You know, one's supposed to pack the water and one's supposed to pack the firewood. And well, if Johnny doesn't pack the water, well, then it's your responsibility to pack the firewood and the and the water both. The god job's got to be done. So, somebody needs to mail out the letters. I'm terrible. I I don't know when the last time was I sent a birthday card or a Christmas card or any card. Becky gets them on occasion. So So we we fail in that area. I need to pick up the pace there, brother Brian. But uh if that's your position, do it with joy. That's a blessing. It's an encouragement to the to the minister, the man of God, the whoever. Amen. Somebody in the hospital. I I'm terrible about that. I apologize. But you sisters fill that position. Do it. That's your part. Amen. Don't look down on it. That's your part. Praise the Lord. Oh, let me get back on track here. You know, there's little things. Let me make sure I didn't miss something here. We're talking about our position and uh so we're going to go a little bit different route here and I hope I can pull this together as beautifully as as the Lord kind of laid it on my heart from that time. I'm thinking this was in Illinois 1961. I believe this was at a Methodist college. I've got several quotes in here from this. Brother Ram says, "Notice another thing I' I'd just like to say amongst the Pentecostal people. There's one thing that we were forgetting, friends, is our Pentecostal courtesy." I'd never run across this before. I accidentally listened to this. Uh I was I think I had another sermon pulled up to listen on the way to work and then on my phone and I'm still trying to figure out how to use that thing. And I looked up a quote and it was in this sermon. And then when I hit play to listen to what I thought was the previous sermon, I got this one and it blessed me. So here it is. I think this is from the Lord. One thing that we're forgetting, friends, is our Pentecostal courtesy. See, parking in lots. Sometimes I've noticed our Pentecostal brethren when you could really pull in and give somebody else a chance to park by the side of you, just drive in it anyway. cause somebody really makes what we call a boo boo on the road. You fly loose and tear down. Listen, that's not the way to be a Pentecostal Christian. See, let's consider the next man. If he's wrong, let him be wrong. If you pattern after him, then you're wrong. See, let's think of the other fella and just try to do right and think right. I'd never heard this before. Our prophet's telling us how to park. Pentecostal courtesy. Well, our and I thought about this. I think it was yesterday. I'd heard this and just thinking about the service and come to an intersection and and I went before the other guy and he was supposed to go first, but I thought I had time because there was a slow vehicle coming through and I thought we could get through there and um thought that that wasn't quite courteous. I didn't get through the intersection, so he kind of had to delay because of me. That's missing my Pentecostal courtesy there. So So we're we're all learning this as we go. But is this too simple? I think it's I think that's pretty neat. If if you see the depth of it, you say, uh, you know, Brother Ron, that's just too simple. You're not a deep preacher. You tell me what part of the word is not deep. Amen. I'll read it. You, uh, you make the decision. I think it's all deep. Let's, let's see if we can catch the heart of God in this. So, you know, he's saying there, make place for them. Be be courteous. Think about it. This is this is part of our heritage. Isaac's got the heritage that he can run a chainsaw. It'll happen in God's own time. Uh that's going to it's just it's in his DNA. It's going to come to pass. Well, this is also in our DNA. Just just to be polite and courteous, right? Let's look at the graciousness of Brother Brandham um from this same sermon. He says, uh he said, "I think they're going to have a dance in here after a while." Oh, this is the prophet of the age. You know what he thinks about dancing? They're This a co This is a Methodist college. They're going to have a dance in there after the service. This is not looking good for somebody. So, in his closing prayer, he says, "Now, we'd ask that you would bless these lovely women that help us in this this institution of this Methodist college because they'd serve breakfast there. and hear of their courtesy of letting us have this room. God, I pray that the young men coming from here will be real missionaries and men of God. Grant it, Lord. May something be done or said that'll turn their hearts so to God that they'll be real second John Wesley's come out of here. God grant it. Bless the deans and all. Bless us together. Bless the services tonight and oncoming services. Bless our ministering brethren here and that's gathered together and we'll praise thee through this our time and eternity. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. We missed the rebuke. Oh, are we are we disappointed? He should have laid into them so hard. My goodness. Are we disappointed? Are we looking for the rebuke? Are we looking for the heart of God? Do we only look to the chastisement? You know, because that's the easy part. Anybody can get wound up and get angry. Yeah. I better have some hear some amens. I'm going to start talking to some of the kids. Tell me what do you what what happens when uh when mommy says do something and you fail to do it. I better not do that. And daddy daddy's too. And the bosses. Amen. Uh anybody can get mad and riled up and and and start Oh yeah, that's right. storming and huffing. Uh but can we have this courtesy? So the hypocrite, he can he can get all righteous indignation. I'm just going to tear him apart. Oh boy. Help us, Lord. Where's the spirit of Christ? Even in these little things. Yeah. Now it and continuing in this same sermon, this is the very first quote. This is this is the start of the message right here. Thank you, brother Herman. I've just been sitting here drinking in and you know, I appreciate it very much. And before we go any further, I'm just it just we overlooked it. I think this was a wonderful little breakfast that these people served us here this morning. I've eaten breakfast around the world, you know, in different nations. That was real nice little breakfast. And I believe it would be as we were Christian gentlemen and ladies to leave a little a little something lay on the table for those nice little ladies. How nice they served us. You know, if you'd have a little, you know, it's American custom, I think, that we leave them a little something on the table. And in his very closing remark, this is the end. He had his closing prayer, the final. He says, "Now don't forget the sisters tips on the table, if you will, and God be with you until we meet again." All right. God bless you. Thoughtful. It's simple. Amen. But let's continue on here. God's such a gentleman. Uh yeah, I'd like to be that, too. I'd like to have that in my life. You may say, "Well, brother Ron, this is too simple. There's no revelation. You haven't mentioned the seals. You haven't mentioned the coming of the Lord. Uh I think when the Lord comes, I think he's going to be this way. Have you recognized him? Did you miss it? Uh maybe this doesn't uh stir you up, inspire you. Maybe you're the one that needs to watch how you park and your tipping habits. Luke 11:42. But woe unto you Pharisees, for ye tithe mint and rue and all manner of herbs, and Passover judgment, the love of God, these ought you to have done, and not to leave the other undone. So yeah, let's uh let's pay attention to the big things, but don't forget the little things. Amen. What what good is it if we understand all the mysteries, right? And our habits, our parking habits is kind of suffering. our uh traffic uh courtesy out on the road, cutting somebody off, not being considerate. Uh our the Christian character, the life of Christ, I don't believe, now this is just opinion, I guess, so take it for what it's worth. I don't think the life of Christ is displayed on the knowledge we have of this message, the Bible, uh those things are good. they go with it. But we don't want to underemphasize those things. And and this is what Jesus is saying. He says the love of uh you passed over these other big things. You ought to have done those, but don't forget the little things. So, we can all get it's so easy to get concentrating on the big things and then just uh let the little things go and be a little rude. And here I was up there preparing this. Uh, I've been kind of in a crunch for time and uh been gone all weekend. Got back Sunday night and Monday had business with uh I've got a lot of things that I've trying to get wrapped up with um after mom passed. So, a lot of things on my mind, a lot of things to do and and I didn't get to it on Monday. So, Tuesday evening I was setting up there where my computer set up. was kind of in the hallway and and um kept the kids downstairs so I could study upstairs and uh well Bron would come up and she said tripping up there or walking along there and daddy this and that and I've been out doing this that and honey I'm studying so she goes back downstairs I'm just here reading about all this kind gracious spirit I love you honey I do too she was happy so that's kind of when or cute saying, "I love you, honey. I do, too." All right. Do you love me, though? So, uh, got to love those kitties. But, you know, just, and I've I've said this before, different instances that you make a little comment and then something pricks your heart. It's like, "That person didn't understand the way you worded that. You didn't mean anything wrong, but they may have taken that wrong." They'll get over it. Well, maybe they will, maybe they won't. We don't want to cause offense. Well, they're they're just serpent seed, are they? Is that your call to make? Well, they've Yeah, I I know them. They they they're they're out. They're gone. They're long gone. Okay, let's say that they are. But maybe your conduct can do something to help them along the way. Uh maybe your conduct can send them further the way from the Lord or maybe draw them closer to the Lord. And uh I take it serious. I think God does, too. So you say, "Well, Brother Ron, you're just simple on these things." And uh um you we're in the bride age, and we ought to be on we ought to be beyond this simple sermon like this. Well, yeah, we we we should be we should have this down, but there's young ones coming up. And uh and then there's older ones like myself that forget as well. So, uh if God put this on his heart and he placed it on my heart, then uh you just keep pulling. You'll get what you need, too. And uh because uh God's deep, his word's deep. And uh maybe I am a simpleton. Okay, I'm all right with that. If that's what he's called me to be, then I I'll be satisfied with that and I'll just be the best simpleton I can be. All right. Amen. Amen. And you pray for me that God will get full use out of this simpleton. If that's my job, that's my position. I don't have it up on the screen. Know your position. Be satisfied in it. Stay there. All right. I'm going to stay simple. All right. And when he's ready for me to move on from that, we'll uh we'll we'll do that. Are you willing to be a fool for Christ? He was a fool for you. Yeah. Hung up on the cross. We know the story. Uh he took the shame. Are we willing to do that? You know, that was that was part of my vow to the Lord, I guess, as I sought the Holy Ghost as a child. Lord, whatever you've got for me, whatever you want, you got to be desperate. Lord, if it means speaking in tongues in front of my co-workers, these rough sinners, unapologetic sinners, construction guys, if I have to speak in tongues and make a fool of myself, Lord, whatever it takes. Hey, how about if you stand in front of people in the church and make a fool of yourself? I'm good with that God. Amen. I'm not ashamed. You know, it's one thing when when your enemies call you a fool, but when it's your brothers and sisters that call you a fool, maybe that hurts a little bit more. But Christ took it. Amen. It wasn't the Romans that killed him. They was just the tip of the spear that the the Jews were were holding. It was his people, the ones he came for. True. And he took it. That's right. Well, if that's the spirit of Christ and you got the spirit of Christ, I think you'll take it, too. Amen. If you rare up um maybe we better go back to read our text again. Amen. The life of Christ, that's your position right there. We could sum it up right there. What is your position? It's not not picking up trash there at Spallingers. It's not the county highway. It's not it's not just row five, seat six, whatever your assigned seat is. It's not just being a pastor of the church or a missionary. Uh that may be what you're assigned to do. Your duty while you're here on this earth, but your position is the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. To manifest Christ. If this is part of the manifestation, then you're called to manifest that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Recognize it. Know it. Recognize it. be satisfied with it. Stick with it. The life of Christ has that tenderness and care. So when if that's the way it was displayed 2,000 years ago, that's the way it was displayed through William Brandom. Why is it going to display something else through you? Well, you don't know my situation. Well, we don't need to argue about that. Not going to argue about that. you find out where I'm at, where I'm going. You I once uh was talking to a man and I referred to first Corinthians 13 there and he said uh I think that's overemphasized. So to which I replied, I don't think you can overemphasize the Bible now. We don't understand it and sometimes we misapply it. But I think it all needs to be emphasized. We want to be the revelated eagles that rippers with the bill. Tear down, set straight, cracked everybody. Uh got my DNA. Well, it's ugly. I don't like it. It's got to die. It's a selfish spirit. Brother Ram says said, 'I recognized the other day a selfish spirit coming up in me of saying this man's wrong. I have to tell him about it. That's wrong. God's the one to tell him about it. That's not It's none of my business, but my business is preach the gospel and love everybody and move on and love my enemies as Jesus Christ loved me when I was his enemy. That's right. When I was unloly, he loved me to his bosom. And anybody that's unloly, let me love them the same. Let the spirit that was in Christ be in us. Amen. I love him. I love him. Oh my. Amen. Let's balance this statement out. I don't know if you're familiar with this, but uh in this 1962, you remember when brother Brandham had the gun blow up on him and boogered up his face and and God spared him. He says, "The other day when the gun went off, I went right back down to see if I could shoot again. I don't want it to scare me. If I had a wreck out on the road, I wouldn't quit driving a car. If I walked across the floor and stumbled my toe in the carpet and went through the window, I wouldn't quit walking." See? No. No. God give me a clean exercise. That was Satan. That wasn't God. See, that was Satan. Now, I know the spiritual application to it. There's three of us in this room right now that knows what it is. And it raised the hair on your head. But I wouldn't tell no one. See, just these three people for confirmation. Now, it's all right. It's all God knowed all about it and forewarned it and everything else. And we know it. And it was partly my fault. And I had something I took up for a man one time when I should not have took up. I could have just shook the liver out of him. See, instead of doing it, I had to pay for it. So then, so we That's all right. It's me. It's been forgiven now, and we'll go on. He didn't have an easy easy road. There's a responsibility. Now, we read these two quotes, and they look contradictory. He said, "It's not my business to to correct the man. That's a selfish spirit." Now, he's saying, "I should have corrected the man and I got in trouble for it." So, now what do we do? We've got to have the heart of Christ. Amen. uh going through uh mom's will and I guess most of you know maybe brother Hector wouldn't know but my mom just passed away three four weeks ago and uh suddenly so I'm an executive of the estate so my job is to equally represent each heir that's my job if I get pulling some little finagles and like don't like this one and we're going to hide a little money over here. Yeah, I'm going to be in trouble. I've got to I've got to equally represent each one of them. So, I'm trying to do that and we're all the kids and brothers and sister were getting along good and and uh you know what what does the will say? We read that and um and we say, "Well, you know, mom, she she always liked, you know, my sister-in-law down in Tennessee, she does quilts. Mom did bunch of quilts for all 28 grandchildren, all seven children, and all six uh sons and daughters-in-laws." So she had she done a bunch of hand quilting. So she done a real good job. And uh and my sister-in-law down in Tennessee, she likes to quilt also. And so they had that connection. But yet the will says everything's to be equally divided. Now we know that she probably would like for her to get like maybe a sewing machine and some of her favorite quilts. And it's in mom's heart that she probably doesn't want Ron getting that turn that into a shop rag, you know. Uh, it's not going to happen. I seen some of the sisters hearts going pitterpatter there. So, we know mom's heart. But we read the letter of the will and it says, "Divided equally." Okay. Now, me and my sister-in-law are going to be fighting. I get one of those quilts. The law says, "But mom's heart said." Amen. How can we fulfill the law and fulfill her heart? Now, and I was talking to the the kids about this, the brothers and sisters. So, we know the heart and I think if we try to fulfill mom's heart's desire, I don't think she wants us abandoning the law to try to do this. That's that's not the right interpretation. I don't feel I think if you've got the heart of mom, I think you can fulfill both. I think we can equally equally divide this. And really in my my way of seeing it, it's like sister-in-law, you can have the quilts. You would enjoy them better. I would better than I would. Amen. And if we have the heart of mom, even though in her um uh human failings, as all of us, if she forgot to put something in there, sister-in-law in Tennessee, she gets so many quilts, she gets this, she gets all my knitting needles. What's what's Ron going to do it do with it? you know, if she admitted something, if she forgot something, I think if we've got our heart, I think we can fulfill both both of these things. And it's so easy. We can we can say uh you know, the law um the law says this, the law says that. We can look in the Old Testament, we can see all the laws that brother Brandham preached and and sometimes because of our understanding, we don't understand how the law and the heart of God correspond. God didn't make any mistakes. Now, mom, she may have, you know, she may have regretted if she was to think about it, if somebody was to point it out to her, say, "Hey, you remember you always wanted to give this to a certain daughter or a certain son and you never got that stated. You never you never said that and you never wrote it down. And now you're passed and now alls we've got is the law here to go." and my great-grandfather's anvil. Not my great, my grandfather's anvil out in the barn. Who better to have it than I? I've got one already, but but I should have that. But the law says it's equally divided. And in the mix and the figuring it all out, one of the sisters may get it if she wants it, you know, because we got to do this according to the law. And maybe mom thought, "Yeah, I'm going to give that to Ron. It's it's obvious and it's just an oversight. She forgot. But if our heart's right, we'll fulfill the law. We'll fulfill her heart." And I think she'd be pleased if we make an error trying to do what's right instead of trying to just fudge and say, "H, yeah, that's mine. I'm just going to take that anyway." Because I think sometimes we do that when it comes to the word of God. Some people do. Hopefully not us, but uh say I understand the heart of God, so I can start making some amendments. But I think if you fulfill the heart of God, you're going to fulfill the law, too. Uh I don't know where we'll get to this, but you know, the law, thou shalt not, let's let's say like the woman, she she shouldn't wear pants. Uh, Brother Brham said it, you know, he said, "Well, that's Old Testament." Well, we've been we've been sent a prophet. And he reaffirmed that. We'll take that. Okay. So, all right. So, she's got to wear a skirt. I was thinking about using the whiteboard, but that's too much for me. And my drawing is not that bad good anyway. So, so the sister, she's got to wear a skirt. She's got to wear a dress. And, uh, you know, it's got to cover the kneecaps. And, know, it's got to be all the way to the ankle. where's where's it at? And the higher above the ankle it gets, you know, the less Holy Ghost she's got. And uh there's a problem here. Amen. And and she's trying to get trying to get away with all she can and she's trying to get it as tight as she can. She's trying the law. What what what does God want? He wants modesty, right? Okay. Well, I think if we've got the heart of God, we're going to understand because there's and I've got a quote here. We'll read it in just a minute. And I've got one quote that um almost embarrassing to read, but the prophet said it, so we're going to read it. So up here make my fool out of myself. So you just keep pulling. Amen. But what about some of those poor sisters that cannot afford a dress and now they're outgrowing them? Say overseas, let's say a third world country, probably not here. You could, sister, if you've outgrown your dress, you talk to Brother Ron. I'll I'll help you get a dress so you can get it here. But what about over there? What about overseas? And that sister's dress doesn't quite cover the kneecap or whatever your line is, right? Uh we're going to condemn her. Uh what's her heart? She's trying to fulfill it. She's wearing a She's wearing the only skirt that she's got and she's just trying the best she can and her heart's right, but her clothes aren't because you can put uh a prostitute in a long skirt. Amen. And don't make her a daughter of God, right? Don't make her full of the Holy Ghost. Drop it all the way to the ground, all the way. Cover the ankles, too. Sleeves clear to the fingertips. Uh you know that the problem, what's the heart of God? Right. And I think if we've got the right right heart, we're going to fulfill that because you go overseas uh and there's guys out there in the rice patties and just a just a turban, you know, a towel wrapped around them their waist. We wouldn't do that here, right? But over there, that's that's the way they do it. So, what's what's the heart of God? uh you know especially the sisters you know because we can concentrate on that because they've got rules and regulations you know but what is the heart of God if your heart's right with the Lord you're going you're going to you're going to fulfill it and if you come in with your sleeves too short your skirt too short u brother Bram said he preached in those meetings women stark naked or just with a cloud on Holy Ghost drop and they walk out and get right yeah amen So right right. So if if that happens here, some sisters not maybe according to the law and our jurisdiction or our understanding and our regulations of it. Uh the Holy Spirit can can deal with that. Amen. Where we at here? You know, agape love. Uh yeah, brother Brandham. So, we was talking about, you know, at one point, Brother Brandham was saying it was a selfish spirit to go correct the man. But then again, another time because I didn't correct the man, I got in trouble. Yeah. Um, how do you balance that? If you've got the heart of God, he'll tell you when it's time to speak, when it's not time to speak. But if you're going on your own, Yeah. If you're trying to set your uh dress code on your own, you're going to miss it. But you get the heart of God, you'll get the dress code right. You'll get the uh the conduct right. You'll get your parking right. you'll get your tipping right. So, let let's this is part of our heritage. This is part of our position is to have the right spirit here. You know, agape love is not a pushover. Uh because you people can say, well, because you don't say something, you know, said, you know, I found a selfish spirit wanting to tell this man or whatever it was, you know, I want to set him straight. Well, that's a selfish spirit. And then somebody else may say, well, that's just a pushover. Well, you know, agape love is not a pushover. and it'll speak up at at the proper time. But yet, agape love when it was here walking the streets of Nazareth was pushed all over the place. Pushed right up pushed right up on the cross. Yeah. And how do we understand that? How do we balance that out? Because if he would have pushed back, it would have been for his own good. But he didn't push back, right? For your good. Yeah. If he' have pushed back, you would have suffered. Yeah. So he took it. So if that was the spirit of Christ then, it's still the spirit of Christ today. It's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. That's right. When you start getting pushed around, sometimes there's a time to stand up. But who are you standing for? Sometimes you got to stand up for the little guy. Sometimes you got to you fathers, you got to correct your your family. You know, you just can't let them walk all over you and and go off because you're responsible. You have a responsibility there. Amen. Uh, but what are you pushing back on? Is it for your defense? Are you willing to take take the hit? Christ allowed himself to be pushed right up on the cross. Are you be are you willing to be pushed around for the sake of others? 2 Corinthians 5:18 to21. And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation. We've got a position. We've got a we've got a job. We got a responsibility. Know it. Be satisfied with it. Stay there. He has given us the ministry of reconciliation to it that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. And then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us. as God's not walking the streets today, not in the robe and sandals. He needs somebody there at Spallinger. That's right. Or wherever you're at, he needs somebody there. You are to do that for Christ's sake. As though as though God did beseech you. How do these people that you come up in contact with them? Are are they uh are they getting the same treatment that they would have gotten if Jesus Christ himself walked in there? Are they getting maybe a a little modified treatment as Christ as Christ did beseech you as though God did beseech you by us. We pray you in Christstead be you reconciled to God. For he hath made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. Okay, here's several quotes here. So sister speaks to brother Brandham and he says, "Yes, that's right, sister. Yes, sir. The woman I said the woman the women would become so im immoral in the last. Now you know 30 years ago how they dressed said they'd become so immoral till they'd walk down the street with till like just like their underneath clothes on. I said then will come to pass that they'll even be so disgraceful till they're wearing something look like a fig leaf. I saw it and they've got it and they're wearing it and just the immoral immorality of women would get so low and degraded. We can't go no lower now. You can't go no worse. That she's at the end. See, they'll never be completely nude. No, they I preach to the people, women by the tens of thousands that don't have one speck of clothes on them. See, young men, young women and all, but they don't know they're naked. See, they don't know it. And the way women act today, I was talking to the other night to some friends of mine where we was way back up in the mountains and a young woman I just prayed for her baby. It had epilepsy and the baby's well. And a little poor family way back up in a holler, little old tobacco patch around the house and about two rooms in it. and seven or eight children. That woman works. Oh my, just a broad axe out there chopping wood and things and hoing the garden and canning stuff. And I looked at the poor woman, same dress she's been wearing for a year or two and it's all split up and everything. And and he didn't rebuke her. Sister, that's immoral. That's indecent. Uh all split up and everything. And I was trying to find some of Mita's dresses to take down to her next week. Um, we're trying to help her just a little selfish spirit get us get in us and and rip and tear. And we noticed standing there a couple of brothers and I, the lady nursing her baby, she just removed her breast from her from her dress and began to nurse the baby. It was kind of amazing for a minute that's the way my mother nursed me. It's exactly right. I have more honor for a woman like that than I do some of the these women that put a little strap under them to throw themselves out. Don't even look like a human being. They got a purpose in doing that. That's sexy, ungodly. Woman wear ever so many clothes and try to make herself look like something she isn't. Why women ain't ain't actually that way. It's some kind of a Hollywood stuff. And the devil's spirit get on them woman to make them try to attract attention to men through sex. A woman's rest was given her for a baby to nurse. That's exactly right. The woman's right in the primitive line, but she's she's lined right. And I have more respect for that for that woman like that cuz she that's the way her mother raised her. That's the way they they never don't pay any attention to it. See the baby nursed right out there like the Madonna picture that you'd see. And if people would only get their mindset like that, it would be different. But when you come to go on the outside, maybe wear so much of a blouse or so forth and then boost yourself out there with straps and things and that looks ungodly and cause men. Do you realize that's a spirit of the devil on you? Oh yeah. So you don't want to do that, sister. Don't you do that. That's Hollywood's makeup and the trap of the devil. When you do that, you make men think the wrong thing about you. And when you do that, then you're guilty of committing adultery with that man because you presented yourself that way to him. You can't help the way you're built, but just go on and stay the way God made you. See, don't try to make yourself something that you're not. Just stay human being. That awful. Well, maybe that answers some question or somebody too. I remember him remember him reading that hearing that and uh I think he's kind of a little apologetic for that's awful. Just I think he's referring to the way he's he spoke. But either way, it that's awful the way they do or it's awful that I actually said that and I thinking, "Oh my goodness, uh, that's what you want me to read, Lord." So, okay. But that's what the prophet said. But the point of that is, you know, we talk about immorality and the way the women dress and act and stuff and uh, you know, if I could get on the whiteboard here, we could show what length the skirt is, right? And how low the neckline is. and and here this woman's exposing herself, but her spirit's right. And I know as a man, I've experienced the same thing, you can have a woman all covered up with the wrong spirit. You can put a prostitute in a gunny sack, which like a burlap bag. There's nothing adorable about it, nothing attractive about it. She could put that on and still pick up business. Yeah. Cuz there's a spirit there. Amen. And then you can also have a sister dress nicely, attractively, and not be pulling on that spirit. And I have seen it with my own self. And I I forget where I was at, but some sister nurse, not I don't know if it was a sister, just some woman nursing her baby. And you know, I seen more than I wanted to see, but there was no pull there. There was the spirit was not was not uh offensive. And then sometimes you you see them fully clothed, covered up, and they got a spirit that's pulling withered. Well, that's awful. As he said, that's awful. So, so if do we know the mind of God? You say, "Well, she shouldn't be wearing a neckline this this way or that way." And what's the spirit behind it? And maybe it's the only shirt she's got. Well, she get the right spirit. She'll she'll get it right. And then you get get yourself right too, brother. Look, if Florence Nightingale, this is in 1963, the great granddaughter of the late Florence Nightingale that founded the Red Cross, you've seen her picture in a book, weighed about 30 pounds, cancer had eaten her up in London, England. They brought her from Africa to London, England. And there in despair, Brother Bosworth wrote back and told her, said, "We can't come to Africa." She wrote back, had the nurse to write and said, "I can't be moved. I can't do it." Showed the picture. You seen the picture. Only we had to put a little piece over it. Just had a small cord around. I thought maybe somebody put it in the book might criticize because she was her body was so exposed there that and we had put a little thing across there. She just had a little rag toweling across across her hips, but up above there was nothing. And even we thought we'd put a little piece of paper on it and photograph the uh photograph that keep the people out there or who has not got the right kind of a position in their mind of thinking that they wouldn't criticize me putting that picture in there in the paper. So what is the mind of God? Brother Bram's saying indicating that wouldn't be wrong if your if your mind's right. Right. Right. So if we start trying to make a uh what would be a creed, a manifesto, a list, what's right, what's wrong? Skirts got to be this high. Neckline's got to be here. Sleeves here, there. We start doing that. If you're going to hit stuff like this and say, "Okay, it's okay to be exposed now. Now we we got problems. We got we got real problems. The problem's right here. Not not in the length of the skirt. Problems right here. Right in the heart. Not in the length of the sleeve. In the heart. Not in the jewelry. Not in the whatever it is. You know, uh you know, we talk about the sisters painting their fingernails. I think I've got paint on mine tonight. So, I know I've got black specks all over. I was painting in the weld shop and I didn't think about that till now. Got painted fingernails preaching in the pulpit. Oh, mum's the word. Sister, don't let that get back to brother Chad. So, brother brother Franco, edit that. What's the heart? Right? And I've often said that, you know, if I come home and my wife's got red fingernails, red lips, if it's because one of the kids knocked a pan can of paint over, I'm going to be laughing for a little bit. Uh, what's the spirit behind it? If she's dalled herself up to go out, we got a problem. We got to talk. But if the kids knocked the can of red paint on her, u probably going to take some pictures. Might be on Facebook. So, so praise the Lord. Here's that quote I was referring to earlier. But let me tell you a little secret. The most powerful force in the world isn't speaking with tongues or interpreting tongues or being honored by God to be a minister or to be an evangelist or to be a prophet. The most powerful weapon that I've ever found in my life is love. Fileo love with a Greek word comes from friendship like you have for your wife. There's a difference. It'll make a mother for that baby run through a blazing fire. Her life means nothing. That's filio. What will agapeo do? Godly love. We must love divinely love one another. Then you don't see your brother's mistakes. If he does make a mistake, you never you look over the top of it. You love him anyhow. See, that's it. Love those that love you. Then does that then does not the sinner the same thing? But love those who doesn't love you. That's what shows the spirit of God's in you because he loved you when you were his enemy and he loved you. that spirit's in you. It'll make you love your enemy as you do your friend. We're talking about your position. Uh, you know, Isaac, if he wants to know his position, if he wants to know what he's got in his future, well, look to daddy. Yeah, maybe you you lose your hair, son. Sorry about that. Not I can do not a lot I can do about that. But you're probably going to have a love for animals. You're probably going to have a love for being out in the woods. probably going to have a love for doing chainsaws and mechanical things. You know, I was I didn't know my grandfather growing up, but when I finally got my job and and worked there a few years and I was running a bulldozer and doing welding and and then I begin to get to know grandpa as an adult. He didn't really hang out with the kids much, but so as an adult, I began to relate to him and find out, oh, he was a bulldozer operator. Where'd that come from? He was a welder. He was mechanical. Where'd that come from? it come down the line. There's good things come down the line. There's bad things come down the line. But we can look to our father. We can look to our parents and kind of know what we got in store. If mama loves list, she loves gardening and she loves canning and well that's she loves quilting. Well, that's probably the way the daughter's going to go. U we can look to our heavenly father. Amen. And we can see the characteristics he's got and know that that's your position. That's your inheritance. know it. Be satisfied with it. Stay in it. You're not just picking up trash at Spallingers. You're not just sitting on a pew. You're not just the missionary or this, that, or the other. Uh we've got a higher calling than just these natural things in life. But we learn from them. You are the bride of Christ. You are the elect lady. Amen. You are the chosen. That's right. Amen. Uh, and if that makes you proud, then you've missed the boat somewhere because that was not part that's not part of your heritage from him. Amen. I want to close with this story here or try to. Anyway, on the farm, we had a big sheep dog. It's a great Pyrenees. I can't even remember his name. Great Pyrenees. I don't know if you've seen them before. They're they're a big white dog. They're they're big as big big dogs and they're bred for for being a sheep dog and they you know dogs like to sleep on the porch or under the porch or not a not a great pyrenees. They like to sleep out in the pasture. It's like a cow or a or a sheep. That's there they are. They're out there laying laying out in the middle of pasture. They don't eat grass. What's he doing out there? He's got to walk all the way back to the house to get his food. But that's what he likes to do. And that's that's his position. That's what he's been bred for. And that's he can't help it. So we had this great Pyrenees, but we didn't have any sheep. So he'd hang out with the cows. And uh them calves, they didn't want no dog hanging around them. And you know, they two or 300 500 lb calf. They just come up there and knock him down. He'd just fall down, waller around. They'd come wall in the in the dirt and mud and he'd get up. He just he didn't care. He was He was bred to be out there to be a protector of the livestock. He didn't care. It was It was so fun to to watch. And they just waller him around and and he he didn't get offended. Uh, but if a coyote, and I never seen this happen, not with him anyway, but if a coyote or neighbor's dog came over and was to attack that calf that just knocked him down, I'm guessing that he would have got up and took off after that coyote, that dog, and protected the one that was abusing him, because that's what he's bred for. He can't help it. It's in his genetics. It's in his DNA. uh he would attack the attacker. Now, if it was just a regular dog and that calf's wing, knocking him around and and wallering him around and and then a neighbor's dog come in to attack, well, that dog would get up and there'd be a team and they'd be going after that calf and we're going to get you. We're going to get you back. We're going to vaunting themselves up, you know, from our scripture there in 1 Corinthians 13. But not him. He has no animosity. They just knock him down and waller him around and he's just a big old buddy to him and he just get up and just have fun lay out there. He didn't run from him. Wasn't scared of him. Just was really neat to to watch there. But I think he'd have stood up for him cuz that's what he that's what he that's what he was. Now it's a simple story. But we see what Christ was. Yeah. And if that's what we are, if we say the way cross Christ acted, we can't if we if we are the bride of Christ, if we are the manifested word for this day, it's going to act the same way. Amen. If he took the hit, you're going to take the hit. Amen. Amen. Chew on that for a while because that's a good one. What is your position? What are you bred for? What? What's your DNA? What is what's your background? You know, I got blue eyes. Both my kids got blue eyes. They got it from somewhere. They got it from daddy. Uh you got some you've got some DNA behind you. And it's got to come to it's got to come manifested. Yeah. Amen. Amen. We got to think way above the carnal here. Where'd you come from? What's your background? You know, I've got a little Irish background. No, brother Ram said, I've said, I had to come to a realization that Charles and Ella Brandom was not my mother and father. Yeah. Amen. Yeah. Like I say, I've got, according to my sister going through the genetics there, we got a little German, a little bit of Irish, a little bit of English. Uh, muts basically. And, uh, got a little bit of this, a little bit of that. But I got to recognize, you know, because we can use that excuse. I got a little Irish in me, so yeah, of course I'm going to get up and fight, you know. Uh, no, Irish is not my heritage. Amen. I I got a different heritage. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh, and we can look in the scriptures and we can see how a manifested son of God acted. Yeah. And then we can we can expect that same thing through us. Amen. how he lived his life when he walked this earth. He's going to live the same life if he walks the earth again. Is he walking the earth again? Is he Is he there working for Spallingers? Is he working for the county highway? Is he sleeping on the job or is he up front being being at it and doing his doing his duty? Save me, Franco. Put me on the back on the last slide there. See, that's his position. Don't abandon it, brother Frank. We need you. Okay, I see where we're at. Let me just see if I can stay there. See, be satisfied where you're at and stay there. Now, I did not stay there. Okay. What was his position? humility, fruits of the spirit, dying out, self-sacrifice, meekness, surrender. That's that's your genetics if you are called. That's your genetics. That's what you're going to do. You can't help it. That great Pyrenees couldn't get angry at that cow. It just wasn't in him. Uh praise the Lord. We've got a we've got a heritage. We should rejoice over that. I didn't know how this service was going to go, especially after that uh long quote I just read there. Oh my goodness. But this is a rejoicing message. So, thank you, Lord. What a great testament to a man's character if a king would pause and chat with a commoner or a CEO of a company would pause to talk to the trash picker. And when the God of heaven would identify himself with fallen man, that that's really saying something about a man's character. Uh when a redeemed son of God will give preference to one who hasn't found his identity in Christ yet, that speaks volumes to me because we come up against them every day. They might be sons of God. Might be a homeless drug addict. Just a curse and swear and reprobate. It might be a son of God. And he just hadn't come to know his position yet. You going to let him waller you around? You going to take it? Are you gonna let him push you around? If you've got it in your genetics, you will. If you see yourself pushing back a little bit, maybe better better look back and we've got to come to identify that we are not the son and daughter of our natural heritage. You know, my daddy was a good guy. Mama's a good guy. No, she wasn't. Mama's a good gal. But failures. Yeah, failures. You're talking about the dead that way. Yeah, I said that at the funeral. Oh my goodness. Yeah, just like me. Yeah, good people. Mom and dad, good people that came as good people because they had reidentified themselves. They didn't come from a good background with a silver spoon in their mouth spiritually speaking, right? or naturally speaking for that matter of fact would the musicians come but they had reidentified themselves not with uh that natural heritage and I can't identify myself that natural heritage either because I think when I see them over yonder they're both over there I don't know I call them mom and dad or brother and sister I don't know we'll figure it out when we get here. Amen. Appreciate you being here. Appreciate you pulling. Cuz I did not know how this would go, but it's been lovely. Amen. I appreciate it. Would we stand? Riley, come up here and save me. There was a song I was thinking about singing. I don't want to mess up your program, but there's a song. I can't remember what it is, but I always loved the uh the words there. says, "I would give anything. I would give everything." I can't remember what what song is that. I would give anything. I would give everything. Because, you know, it's almost like the songwriter is thinking, you would give anything. Yeah. I'd give up my pride, Lord. I'd give up my job. I would give up uh uh what do you want, Lord? You want this? Not just anything, but everything. Give it all to him. Amen. He gave it all for you. That's right. So, why not? Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, it's been lovely to be here this evening. Trust that your spirit speaking, Lord, not just a man rambling along, Lord. Uh pray, Father, that your heart's been portrayed some way, Lord. Uh we see how precious um your spirit is, how tender it is, how thoughtful it is. Lord, just to have your prophet talk about parking in the lot, paint a tip. Father, maybe I've wandered around and about, but the people have been gracious, Lord. And I pray, Father, that if they haven't received something maybe that they needed today, Lord, would would you use this sermon, Lord, to speak to them in the days to come, Lord, to encourage [Music] them to help us to grow, Lord. That's what we want, Lord. We need you, Father. Think of our pastor overseas, Lord. May your spirit be with him, the brothers traveling with him. May they be blessed. May they be a blessing, Lord. We pray that you'll bless your people over there, Poland, Ukraine. Lord, give them traveling mercies, Lord. Satan's going to be coming against them, Lord. And we just pray, Father, that you would uh protect them, Lord. May there be such a love. May there that life be manifested in them in such a way Lord that those wayward children of yours Lord would see take courage Lord come to a revelation of who they are what their position is Lord get in that position be satisfied with it Lord help us Lord to be satisfied and just abide there Lord not to pull the other guys get in the other guy's position Lord not to try to put oursel forward or vaunt oursel or get puffed up Lord Lord, uh help us to be like that dog, Lord, that just takes the abuse, not offended, Lord, and uh and there to protect the one that's abusing him when when it's all said and done, Lord. We thank you for these simple examples, Lord. And uh if I'm a simpleton, Lord, and that's what you've made me, then I rejoice in it, Father, and I want to remain right there. And you get the honor and glory from it. We ask you, Lord, to bless us now as we go, as we commit ourselves to you in Jesus name. Amen. Go ahead. Oh, I am the bride that you're returning for. Dressed in garments white and wrinklefree. I have no worthy love that I'm holding to for you're the one who means everything to me. And I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. [Music] You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant. There's not one thing you said you have not done. And someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have begun. I will sing. I will worship you. And I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. And I will give anything. I will give everything to you. Verse two again. Oh, I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. And I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. [Music] Praise the Lord. Is there anybody that needed prayer? You're welcome to come. God bless you. I love you. You're not all lovely. I'm not a pushover. You're not all lovely. No. Depends on what we're identifying, but I love love the Christ in each one of you. Amen. Amen. We'll work on the outside, too. God bless you. And I will see. And I will worship you. And I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. And I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. To be like [Music] Jesus. To be like Jesus. [Music] On earth I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him. Verse one. Oh, from Bethlehem's manger came forth a [Music] strangeanger on earth. I [Music] long to be like him. My faithful Savior, how rich his favor on earth thy be like him. Oh, to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. On earth. I [Music] long to be like him. All through life's jour from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him. Sorry and holy. Holy ly on earth thy own to be like him by grace forgiven the air of hell. Heaven on earth. I long to be like him. Oh, to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. All earth I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him.
