################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - 250702 -Chad Lamb Overcoming in the Mind - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   250702 -Chad Lamb: Overcoming in the Mind
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FF3jHF1seeE
========================================

My heart was distressed. These Jehovah's dread brown and low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. My cry to the Lord from the deep. My reclaim he tenderly brought me out to golden day. He brought me out of the merry clay. He placed my feet on a rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. Here I'll abide. No danger of falling while here I remain. And by his grace into his ground I gave. He brought me out of the mighty clay. He set my feet on a rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] He gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, it sweet notes. I will raise my heart overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer has ransomed me. He brought me out of the mighty plane and he set my feet on a rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. King of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men and his goodness shall see. I'll sing our salvation at home and abroad till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. He brought me out of the mighty place. He sent my feet on a rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Put a song of praise in your heart this evening. Amen. Good to be gathered together again. Lord bless you. Let's just sing this song. I just came to praise the Lord. Oh, I just came to praise the Lord. Oh, I just came to praise his holy name. I just came to praise the Lord. I came to hear his word and I just came to hear his word. Oh, I just came to hear his word. Oh, I just came to hear his holy word. Oh, I just came to praise the Lord. I'll thank the Lord. And I just came to thank the Lord. Oh, I just came to thank the Lord. Oh, I just came to thank his holy name. I just came to thank the Lord. Amen. We just came to thank him tonight. It's bubbling. It's bubbling. It's bubbling. There you go. Singing and shouting since Jesus made me whole. Some folks don't understand it, but I can't keep it quiet. It's bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling day and night. Oh, it's bubbling. It's bubbling. It's bubbling in my soul. I'm singing. I'm shouting since Jesus made me whole. Some folks don't understand me, but I can't keep it quiet. Oh, it's bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling. Oh, that sounds good. It's bubbling. It's bubbling. It's bubbling in my soul. I see shally since Jesus made me whole. Some folks don't understand it, but I can't keep it quiet. It's bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling day and night. And the love of Jesus is oh so wonderful. The love of Jesus. Oh, so wonderful. The love of Jesus. So wonderful. Oh wonderful love. And it's so high. You can't get over it. So, can't get under it. So, can't get around it. Oh wonderful love in the love of Jesus. Oh so wonderful love of Jesus. Oh so wonderful love. Oh so wonderful. Oh wonderful and so high. So high. Can't get over it so low. Can't get under it so I can't get around it. Oh, wonderful love. Oh, wonderful love. Amen. Wonderful love. Amen. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly dove and let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou has wing straight to the land above. Oh, giving cheer everywhere to the sad and low. Oh, fill my way every day with Oh, that next verse. Oh, keep me close to the side of my seat. Oh, grant it Lord, let me never in darkness roll. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly d. And let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Feel my way with love and sing this race for your Oh, I'll travel. What am I in my home above? Oh, let me sing again all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. my way every day with love. With love as I walk with that heavenly love and let me go all the while in a song. Fill my way every day. Oh, fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly d and let me go all the while song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Lord, my heart can grow. Oh, so far away and cold. And yet for me your love still the same. [Music] And Lord I'll bend my knee in all in fear of thee. My head bow down in reence to your name. Oh Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name Jehovah God him. You're the great I am the lamb. my comfort and king. And Lord, my heart's desire. It's to burn with spirit's power. My purpose is to worship you alone [Music] and open up my soul to worship and adore. Oh to be a fragrance offered to your throne. [Applause] And Lord, I lift your name, your holy name, Jehovah God. You're the great I am the reason lamb my comfort and king. Amen. God bless you this evening. Let's bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Father, for the privilege to stand here once again together. Lord, we appreciate you gathering us together once again. And we ask that you would bless us now as we look into your word, Lord. We ask that you would open our eyes, that you would open our hearts, that you'd help us to receive all that you have for us in this hour that we're upon the earth. May we be vessels that you can work through, Lord. May we be yielded and surrendered completely to you. May you take preeminence among all of us, Lord, and take us under your control and manifest yourself through each one of us. We're here to surrender ourselves again, to open our ears, to turn our hearts towards you. And may you come, Lord, and use this vessel of mine. May you come and Lord, and come yourself and and break the bread of life, Lord, and teach us and instruct us and equip us, Lord. We love you. We ask that you would do these things according to your word. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. It's good to be together again this evening. We still have some visitors and want to say God bless you. We're welcome to we're welcome here. And while we're standing, if we could turn to the book of Matthew. I want to go to Matthew 11 for opening reading. Uh but just before we read that, I've got a card I want to share with you. Also, I want to let you know that brother uh null Johnson, I want to remind you, Brother Null Johnson will be here. He and Sister Shirley will come in this weekend. He'll be ministering for us in the morning service. And then we will have uh our regular communion communion and feet washing in the afternoon, Lord willing. And we'll also have a vote for a new trustee. Brother Aaron Laauo has been nominated by the trustee board. And so we'd like to hear from the congregation on Sunday evening. Also, we got a nice card in the mail for the congregation uh from Sister Karen Sanders. You know, Sister Karen, it kind of she took it upon herself. it fell on her shoulders to put together the memorial service for Sister Doris Boach. As soon as Sister Doris passed away, the whole family got sick. So, Sister Karen stepped in. And so, she wanted to send a thank you card for everyone who helped. She said, the card says, "You were right there when it mattered most with your help and support. You reached out and gave of your generous heart, and you made more of a difference than you probably even realized. Thank you for all your help." She sent a special thank you to several who really helped with particular things. She wanted to thank Sister Elizabeth Brooks and her family, Sister Suzanne Brooks, Sister Rachel Pittsenburgger, Brother Gabe and Sister Susan Smith, Sister Amber Hatfield, my wife, Sister Kate Preston, and Brother Franco and Sister Amy Gill. She really appreciated the specific help you gave. And then she wrote on the back a message to the whole congregation. I'd like to share it with you. says BCF, I have not the correct words to express to you for how you so willingly allowed the Lord Jesus to use his gifts in you to bless us. The expression out of this world fit you all perfectly. This world knows nothing about this kind of kindness. And perhaps because I have limitations, the Lord Jesus wanted me to witness his greatness in such a meaningful, humble, and helpful way. Yes, I know it was God and God uses people. So, I bid you all a humble thank you with all of my heart. I don't care how much you know until I know how much you care and I have seen how much you care because you reached out your hands and touched my heart. Signed, lovingly, Sister Karen. Amen. So, we appreciate that card and appreciate everyone who is able to pitch in and help and it made a difference for the family and for Sister Karen. Amen. So, thank you once again. If we look here at Matthew chap 11, I'd like to go ahead and uh turn to the Bible here. Matthew 11 and verse 28. Matthew 11 28 says, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I meek and lowly in heart, and you shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Amen. When we read this scripture, it is it is so refreshing. There's something about it that's so nice to hear that his yoke is easy and his burden is light. And I like to just read it together again because uh uh it sounds so good. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. And so we we want to find what kind of rest is he talking about? Because the scripture itself will tell us, "Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, and you shall find rest unto your souls." So that's the rest. He's not talking about a physical rest. He's talking about the rest in your souls. Amen. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. because he is freeing us from the yoke and the burden of having to do something special to be admitted into the kingdom of God of having to do our own works or make it by our own abilities. And we were we were hitched to a wagon we couldn't pull and that was the law that was trying to live a perfect life to attain unto God. And he came to free us from that. And he says now yoke yourself to me. My yoke is easy and my burden is light because he has paid the price. He's paid the ultimate price for us, the price of redemption. Amen. And we've been purchased back to God. But so so now I I I just want to labor on this a little bit because it's triggered so much in my mind. He he's talking about the rest that comes to our souls as we connect with Christ, as we come to the revelation of Jesus Christ and what he's done for us and who we are in Christ and what he's purchased back and how he's redeemed us back to the father and he's done it all. And that brings rest unto our souls but not necessarily to our bodies. So when we when we look at this when we look at this scripture it sounds so nice. Amen. And if we tried to relate that to our life as a Christian in the natural realm all of a sudden it's not always easy and it's not always light. Is that right? Uh our natural life is not always easy. And so sometimes we read the scripture. Oh it sounds so nice. It' be so nice my it almost like life is easy and life is rest but that's not how our Christian life is. That rest is what's come to our souls. I'm going to read again a partial uh part of a quote that I I spent some time on on Sunday. So this is like a continuation of Sunday. Brother Frank, you can pull up the first slide if you can. Uh overcoming in the mind is the subject for tonight. But I I it's kind of a continuation of the thoughts from Sunday. And this quote that I read was out of the Simran church age and the church age book said, "The proof of his love is election." That no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact that we were chosen unto salvation because God has chosen you into salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. That's the rest in your soul. that the revelation of election has struck you and that you were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world and your name was on the lamb's book of life and Christ was the lamb slain from before the foundation of the world and everything is covered and everything is paid for that's the rest for our souls now that's what he establishes here in this section of the church age book the next sentence he may commit you to death as he did Paul he may commit you to suffering as he did Job that's his prerogative that doesn't sound like my yoke is easy and my burden is light. Amen. So I I hope that we're understanding things together. We don't want to get the wrong idea about what Jesus is saying. Amen. It doesn't mean that we're free from trial. We're free from pressure. We're free from difficulty. Brother Brandham says you're not. When we become a Christian, we get the wrong idea. We think we're free from troubles. Brother Brandham said that's when troubles start. And he may commit you to death as he did Paul. He commits you to suffering as he did Job. That is his prerogative. He is sovereign. But it is all with a purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. His purpose is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. And so the yoke that that we're yolked to Christ is no longer the burden of having to do it on our own. The no longer the burden of having to prove anything, but God has already proved to us that we're accepted in the beloved. We were accepted in Christ Jesus and we can never be unaccepted. Amen. He has taken the burden upon himself. But now he's asked us to live his life and we surrendered our life to him. He's purchased us with his own blood. And it doesn't mean life is going to be a flowery bed of ease. Amen. Because he's given us rest for our souls. It's not rest yet for our bodies. We're still laboring. We're still striving. We're still wrestling against flesh. Amen. So we don't want to get the wrong idea. Amen. So then if that's where the rest comes, then that's where that's where our rest is found. Amen. Not in earth and not in the natural and not in all of that. Our rest is found in the rest that he's given to our souls. That's where our peace lies. You can be in the middle of turmoil and have peace in your heart. You can be in the middle of chaos in your life and have peace in your heart because he's given us rest for our souls. Man, I just want to uh uh highlight something from Sunday is when we took the scripture in Acts 16. Uh if you want to turn there with me, you can. Acts chapter 16 verse 23. Acts 16 verse 23. And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into the prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely, who having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feast fast and stalks. My yoke is easy and my burden is light. See, all the scripture has to be true. My yoke is easy, my burden is light. Listen to the next sentence. And at midnight, Paul and Silas prayed and sang praises unto God, and the prisoners heard them. They had a different peace than the peace in the circumstances. They were in the middle of trouble and tribulation and difficulty. They were physically hurting. They were spiritually and emotionally wounded. They were they were in all kinds of trouble. But yet that rest in their soul, that peace on the inside never vanished away. There no circumstance could change what was inside of them. Amen. And they weren't basing, amen, the reaction to an action based off the circumstances, but based off the revelation of who they are, who God is, what God's called them for. And there's nothing that happens in the ch life of a child of God without God's purpose being behind it. So they could be in one of the worst of the worst situations, but at midnight, they lifted up their voice and sang praises to God. They weren't singing, "Oh, mournfold ballads. Oh God, we're so low down." Right. Right. Yes, they were singing praises. God, you're good. Amen. You're amazing. Your mercies are new every morning. Amen. In the midst of trouble, how could they do that? Because God had given them rest for their souls. They had a peace on the inside. They had a revelation of the elected love of God. And no circumstance was going to change that. Christ still died for them. They were still free. Their name was still in the lamb's book of life. They were still serving God's purpose. They were still the children of God no matter where they were. And they could sing. Praise be to God. Amen. Oh, I get excited. I don't know sometimes where to go or what to do or what to say next, but I just get excited. There's so much I want to say and you don't know that. You don't know how how full my bucket is, but I'm up here slloshing it around. Don't even know how to pour it out. that God is good. Because I love how the word of God will come and correct our thinking. Amen. Because we think my yoke is easy, my burden is light. And then why am I always in trouble and why am I cycle trouble and why are all these negative things happening to me? Amen. I'm a Christian. I gave my life to the Lord. And the prophet had come and taught us this so clearly. Amen. We can see in the scripture, you know, you could look at Paul. Paul could look over at Silas. Silas could look at Paul and he says, you know, his yoke is easy and his burden is light. feet fastened and stocked, back bleeding and bruised. Amen. Stripped down. Amen. But this still remains the truth. Amen. They were free people in the middle of bondage. They thought they could imprison them. They thought they could defeat them. They thought they could discourage them. They thought they could persuade them to stop following the Lord, stop preaching the gospel, stop being effective. Amen. So what they did is they tried, Amen, by by scorging, chastening, humiliating, imprisoning everything they could do to them. But they couldn't touch what was in their soul because what was in their soul was free from outside circumstances. And the outside circumstances couldn't change the revelation that was in their heart. And it was the revelation that gave them the voice to sing the song, not the circumstances. If we can only sing praise songs when things are going good and we can't sing praise songs when things are going bad, we need a deeper revelation. We need a deeper revelation of who we are in Christ and what Christ has done for us and what the plan of God is and his purpose in us. If we can't on our worst day, amen, when we settle it with in our hearts and we get over the tears and we get over the shock and say, "But the Lord giveth, the Lord taketh away, blessed be the name of the Lord." That's the revelation that we need. That's victory, friends. Amen. Amen. I want to look here at this scripture in John chapter 19. This is Jesus on trial. When Pilate therefore heard this that saying, he was more afraid, and went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer. Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakst thou not unto me? Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and I have power to release thee? Jesus answered, thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above. Therefore, he that deliverth me unto thee hath the greater sin. Jesus had a revelation and he had wrestled it out in Gethsemane. And in Gethsemane, he was wrestling with his own humanity, his own flesh. And he settled the question, Lord, if this cup can pass me, then so be it. not my will but thine will. And so by the time he got into the the the end of that, he knew what God's will was. And he knew that he was surrendered to God's will. And so he moved forward into the worst circumstance of his life with peace in his heart because he knew the will of God. And he knew who he was. Jesus never doubted who he was. He wasn't doubting whether or not he was a son of God. He wasn't doubting whether or not God loved him. Amen. He had wrestled his flesh into subjection because he had this desire to remain with his disciples, but this need to move on. And he wrestled it out till he could surrender. And he did that in Gethsemane. And now in the trial with the scorgings, with the beatings, with the crown of thorns, none of that moved him because in his heart, he knew who he was. And he knew this was the will of God. And all I'd say all around Jesus were people who were bound. And he was the only one who was free. The Jews were bound. Amen. by their own envy and their own fear. Amen. That that somehow they were going to lose a hold on the people and they were going to lose their position because of what he was teaching and the miracles that he was showing. They had to get rid of him because their their position was threatened. Amen. Pilate was bound, amen, by by this political situation between Rome and the Jews and and and his his own status, amen, as governor there. It was all precarious. He was bound by the circumstances. Pilate wanted to let Jesus go, but he couldn't let him go because he was bound by the circumstances and he was afraid. The Jews had him uh abound and crucified because they were afraid. The people were confused. They were bound by the religious leaders. Everybody in that circle was bound, tormented with fear, with no peace and no freedom. There was only one person in that whole scene, amen, that was at peace. Amen. Peace in his heart and free from any external bondage and free from fear. And it was the one who was in bondage with the crown of thorns on his head, bleeding from pores all over his body. He was the only free person in that whole midst. And he was free because of a revelation of who he was and that this was the will of God. and nothing shall defeat me. Jesus looks at his disciples. He says, "Nothing by any means shall harm you." Hallelujah. And they died by crucifixion. They died by beheading. They died by stoning. We got to look at the scripture spiritually, not physically. Because we we're so much more than a physical being. The physical being is the tabernacle that we dwell in. It's it's it it is the mechanism by which God engages with this dimension. But we're so much more than this physical realm. We're so much more than see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. And this is not real. This is the vapor. This is the mist. This is the negative. That's the positive. So there's got to be a revelation that will lift us out of this and show us a true reality that we can live by the true reality so that the negative so that the vapor so that the mist so so that the shadow doesn't control us but the truth controls us. So Jesus was conquering because he wasn't afraid. He wasn't bound. Paul and Silas were bound physically but free spiritually. Jesus was bound physically but free spiritually when everyone else was bound. So it's possible to be free even when you're bound. Even when you're bound by circumstances and bound by situations, you can still be free. You can still have peace. His yoke can still be easy and his burden can still be light. Amen. Remember on Sunday I talked to you about three parables that brother Benham taught used to explain the message. I want to go back to those three parables. The first one I want to talk about is the eagle in the chicken yard. So we all know the story of the eagle in the chicken yard. How the farmer the set a batch he he the set a a setting of of eggs. He went and took one out of the eagle's nest. It hatched out. It was odd to all the other birds and had a a a difficult life trying to be a chicken. But when Mama Eagle went looking for her baby and come over the chicken yard and screamed, it resonated inside and he realized he was a chicken. What's amazing is that eagle was in that chicken yard so long bound in the chickenard. Yes. Because there was a fence maybe 4 foot, 5 foot high, who knows how long. There was a fence all the way around the chicken yard. And that eagle could only go so far. He go here and he go there. That was a limit to where he could go. And he would go over here. He walk around. He was completely bound. But when the eagle screamed, s looked up for the first time and he looked into the clear blue sky and he saw a creature that reflected what was on the inside of him flying high and free. And that scream resonated in him. And then that eagle spoke back to him. You're my son. You're an eagle. You can fly. He said, "Mama, how do I get up there?" He said, "Just flap your wings. You've already got what it takes cuz you're already an eagle." And he flapped and began to rise on the post highest ever been. He tried again and went flying. That eagle was only bound because of its mind. It was not bound, Amen. It was only bound in the mind because of lack of proper teaching and understanding. Because it didn't have a revelation of who it really was. But as soon as it got the revelation of what it actually was, what its origin is, what its destiny was, immediately the bondage that held it, can't hold it anymore. And brother tells the story of of us as the eagles born in the chicken yard trying to make it in life and serve God in any way we could. Amen. But we were limited. So limited. and so bound. But we didn't realize we actually never were limited a day physically. There was no limitation. The limitation was in our minds. Amen. Amen. How many times the eagle wished it could go just a little further? And the whole time it could go a little further. It was born to fly. It was made to go. It was predestinated to see uh uh the the whole lay of the land. But it was only limited because of wrong understanding. Then I I went to the story of the slave and the the the slave trader going down and seeing this slave was outstanding slave, different than all the others, never had to be uh encouraged to work, never had to be beaten, but he did everything right. And he carried himself with a different air. And he asked the owner uh as uh can I buy him? And he said no. and and he began a discussion and he found out what made him so different and found out it was nothing in his physical circumstances that made him different. He said, "Do you feed him better than the others?" He said, "No." "Does he get better treatment?" No. There was nothing in his physical circumstances that gave him a different air, a different attitude, a different demeanor. When he come to it, he found out it's because this this man knew that at home his father is the king of the tribe and he's the son of a king and he's a prince. And though far from home and in terrible circumstances, he conducts himself as a prince, as the son of a king. So this is a man who's bound physically, but he's free in his mind. Completely free. He knows who he is. He knows where he came from and his circumstances don't dictate his actions. His actions are dictated by a clear understanding of who he is and where he came from and who he belongs to. Oh, you see how all these parables are so simple, but they're so deep, friends, and they have so much to do with you and I. Amen. Then the third one was the soldier with amnesia and he had forgot who he was and he forgot where he came from and he lost the ability to identify himself. And here is a man. He's not a prisoner, but he's bound. He doesn't have handcuffs on, but he's completely trapped in his circumstances. He's completely stuck in a situation he can't get free from. And he doesn't know his origin. He doesn't know who he belongs to. He doesn't know where he came from. He doesn't know where he's going. He doesn't know what his purpose is in his life. He's completely aimless and lost. And he's under the care of of the army because they don't know what to do with him because he's got this amnesia. They don't there's no home for him to go back to. They don't know where his home is. They don't know. They don't know what he did before, where he belongs, where he should go. And so, no doubt they're trying to sort this out in their minds. And here's a man that is completely bound. Although he's completely free, he's free from bound, but he's bound in his mind. He's bound because of his lack of understanding. He's bound because of no revelation. He's bound because he doesn't know who he is, where he came from, why he's there, and where he's going. But this message came to free us from that bondage. Friend, we know who we are. We know where we came from. We know where we're going. And we know why we're here. Amen. So how can we be bound? We can't be bound because his yoke is easy and his burden is light. Amen. Brother says in the message the greatest battle ever fought. He says so an army first in getting ready for a battle first thing's got to be a select some soldiers. They've got to be dressed for fighting. They've got to be trained for fighting. And I believe that the greatest battle that was ever fought is now ready to go in action. I believe that God has been selecting his soldiers. I believe he's been dressing them, training them, and the battlefront is now set, getting ready to start. So this message is preached in the beginning part of 1962 in the greatest battle ever fought. And brother Benham says, "I believe we're standing at the threshold of the greatest battle. I believe the soldiers are selected. They're being trained. They're being equipped. They're being fitted for the battle. But he says, "I believe we're getting ready to move into this great battle." But guess where this battle's going to take place? You all know it. You can beat me to the punchline. But Brother Benham's saying, "We're getting ready to move into this greatest battle." And this great and he says this right before the opening of the seals because there's going to be a mental battle break out because God is going to bring a revelation to a people on the earth of who they really is. Amen. and who they are in Christ and who Christ is in them. And they're going to find out that they're the dwelling place of Almighty God, the temple of God, the tabernacle of God. And they're going to find out that the fullness of Jesus Christ is being poured out upon the earth and being embodied in a people upon the earth. And you think that's not going to cause a mental battle. You think it's not going to cause a war in the mind. But God is equipping them, training them, bringing to them this great battle. And the great battle is over who you are. Yes, it takes place in the mind. And he says, "We're right at the battlefront now. It's getting ready to start." Praise God. I'm glad we've been equipped to fight this battle. Brother Beam says again, "And greatest battle ever fought, when this great battle started on earth, there had to be a mutual meeting place. There had to be a place selected for the battle to begin and for the battle to rage. And the battlegrounds begin in the human mind. There's where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen for the place of battle where it was began. And that is because that decisions are made from the mind, the head. Now, they never started from some organization. They never started it from some mechanical affair. The grounds never started there. Therefore, that organization can never never do the work of God because the battlegrounds where you've got to meet your enemy is in the mind. You've got to make your choice. It meets you. This is such good training. Such good teaching because where you're going to meet your enemy is in your mind. Because the external circumstances, whether they're good or whether they're bad, is not where we win and lose the fight. We win and lose it in the mind. That's where we meet our enemy. Amen. And and brother Brandham is so so clear at teaching us this. even teaches us that this battle that's raging didn't start on earth. The battle started in heaven when Lucifer rebelled against God and deceived the angels and they rebelled against God. And he says then the battle spilled from heaven on the earth and he said it began on earth and it began in us. So now where is this battle between these two great forces taking place? It's taking place in us. Where is the battle taking place? In our minds. Amen. So there's two opposing forces facing off. Brother Bam said to test their strength against one another. The power of God. Amen. And and the and the deception of the enemy of Satan. And these two forces are going to battle it out. And these two forces are going to see amen. Who has the greater strength. But they have to have brother Ram said, they don't just fight here and there and everywhere. They have to have a chosen place of battle. And the chosen place of battle is in the mind of man. And we can say in the mind of man, but I'll I'll bring it right down. The chosen place of battles is in your mind. What's facing off? The devil who deceived the angels in heaven and rebelled against God, who deceived Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden and brought ruination to the creation of God. That force is battling the force of God in his word. And the battle's taking place in your mind. And he says, why? He said because decisions take place in the mind. And so what's determining which way this battle goes? It's it the the the determination on which way the battle goes is your free moral agency. What what thoughts you identify with, what thoughts you choose to be correct, what thoughts you you you accept as reality and that's determining how this battle is going. Praise God. We knows that Satan in the beginning took the mind of man to work through. God took his heart. God took the soul. But from the soul, God is working and fighting the devil in the mind. Amen. So that's the battlefield field. The devil can't get into your soul. Romans 12:1 says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world, but you be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is the good and acceptable and perfect will of God." The only thing that could wash our minds and clean them is the word of God. Amen. By the power of his spirit can renew us and be can be transformed by the renewing of our mind. 1 Corinthians 2:16 says, "For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him?" But we have the mind of Christ. We We certainly do. He's given it to us in full measure in this end time. If the mind of Christ is in us, then we will recognize the word to be the truth and it lives right through us. You can't help it. It's Christ. Amen. And look at this psalm says, "Whom have I in heaven but thee? And there is none upon the earth that I desire besides thee. My flesh and my heart faileth, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever. Listen, your flesh and your heart will failth. But who's the strength of your heart? It's God. It's this revelation of truth. It's this reality of almighty God. Because listen, you know, our heart, your heart and your mind, they go together. They're interchangeable in the Bible in in different places. But but your heart is just a seat of emotions and and seat of thinking and and so is your mind is the same way. And and in that area, listen, your your mind is is a hazardous place to spend time in. And your heart is treacherous. So treacherous. And so is your mind. Why is it your mind is so treach? Because your mind will change. Right. Yep. You just get c you just get settled on a certain thing. This is the way it's got to be. It's going to be this way. This is what I want. Amen. And you're standing in line at the restaurant. Yeah. I'm going to get this is what I want. And and then and then you get to the the checkout and the little girl behind the thing says, "Okay, what do you want?" And all of a sudden, mind goes blank. Something inside switch. I I don't know. I want something else. You can't depend on your mind. Amen. Amen. Your heart is treacherous. The heart of men is deceitfully wicked. Who can know it? Amen. There's got to be another force cuz my flesh and my heart failth. But God is the strength in my heart. Amen. Almighty God. He brings strength to my heart by how? By his spirit and his word. Amen. It's got to be something more than just my thinking. There's got to be something that comes from my soul. There's got to be a resonation with the word of God. And I've got to have the word of God in my mind. Amen. And it empowers me to do the right thing. Empowers me to take the right choice. So your heart, your heart is a traitor. Because you know how many times you thought just follow your heart. Just follow your heart. Well, it depends on what heart you're talking about. If you're talking about your soul and you've been born again, then that's right. But if you're talking about your seat of emotions and thinking, then you got to be careful. So just always follow your heart. But the problem is my heart bounces around like a rabbit. Amen. Sometimes it's happy. Sometimes it's sad. Sometimes I know what I'm doing. Sometimes I got no idea what I'm doing. And sometimes that takes place in a matter of five minutes time. My heart will determine that the very thing I have to do is go and talk to this person or say this or do that and then and then the minute you go to do it, Amen. All of a sudden your heart bails out on you. Amen. I remember I remember on a bus ride back from a youth trip coming back from Gatlinburg. We would rent a big bus and I I happened to be goofing off in the back, which I know it's hard for a lot of people to imagine, but I was Yeah, I was not the one you would want in your youth group or spending time with your kids. Sorry. Truth is the truth. I was goofing off in the back and finally I made a look to the front and I looked to the front and there was my future wife. Only I didn't know it at the time. She looked back at the same time our eyes met. You know how it is sometimes your eyes meet and all of a sudden it's more than just a look and it's like, "Wow, who's that?" And she always knew me as the bad boy. And she remembers me as the one who fell asleep in most Sunday school classes. And so she didn't have a great opinion of me, but all of a sudden something happened. And then, you know, my heart made up its mind. I got her phone number from a mutual friend. My heart made up its mind that I was going to call and ask her out. Do you know how many times my heart bailed out on me before I got those numbers pushed? Because your heart is treacherous. It'll go yes, then no, then yes, then no, then yes, then no. But God is the strength of my heart. I need something more than the human capacity. I need God in my life. I need to keep God in my mind. I need to keep God in my heart. I need to keep my mind and my heart and my soul focused on him. That's why we can't let our minds meander. We can't let our hearts Amen. go take a vacation from God and go down another path. We need God. He's the strength of our hearts. He's the strength of our life. We need to keep our heart and mind and soul, everything lined up to the word of God because your heart is so treacherous and your mind is so deceptive. Amen. We need him to be the strength of our heart. 1 Peter 1:13 says this, "Wherefore g up the loins of your mind." That means gird up the loins of your mind. When they would g up their loins, it was men when they would go to work. They had that long flowing robe in the in the Middle East there. They would gird it up, gather it up, bunch it up, and tie it up so they could really move. They could run. They could get to work. They could do whatever they want. And he's saying, "Gird up the loins of your mind. Listen, you got work to do. You've got to not be loose about this. Tighten it up and let's think. Gird up the loins of your mind. Be sober and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. This word sober I really like. I want to look at this word sober for a minute. G up the loins of your mind and be sober. This word sober when you get down to the definition it means to be sober to be calm and collected in spirit. to be temperate. That's mean to have self-control and dispassionate dispassionate and circumspect. So when you g up the lines of your mo mind, it says be dispassionate. I looked at this word and this word dispassionate means not controlled by extreme emotions. We got to gird up our mind and not let extreme emotions and high passions bounce us all over the place. But we have to be sober in our minds. We have to be sober thinking. We've got to slow down and not react so fast to everything that's going on around us. Amen. We got to be sober minded and be diligent, amen, with the choices we make. Cuz remember, your free moral agency, the choice you make is determining which way the battle's going. So, we got to be sober in our minds. Be calm, collected in spirit, be temperate, dispassionate, circumspect. Praise God. That is not the same as following your heart when your heart's going all over the place. But it's following that leadership of the Lord, following that still small voice, following the Lord in your life, following his spirit and following his word. Amen. Most of the time, if you got to do anything in a hurry, right now, real fast, or you're going to miss your chance, usually I just bail out because that's not how God leads me. Amen. Pressure, pressure, pressure. God doesn't do pressure, pressure, pressure. God leads as a shepherd. He goes before and he calls to his sheep. Because he goes before and calls to his sheep. That means wherever the dangerous spot is, he's already standing there because he goes before his sheep. So he's already from the danger zone calling to you, telling you it's safe. It's okay. You can come. Not behind you, pushing you, pushing you, pushing you. And you know how your heart and your mind gets pushed or gets drawn. Amen. In Deuteronomy 20, it says, "When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seeest horses, and chariots, and people more than thou, be not afraid of them, for the Lord thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt. It shall be when you are come nigh into battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people, and shall say unto them, Here, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies, let not your hearts faint. Fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them. For the Lord your God is he that goeth with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you. He's saying, listen, you're going to go fight. You're going to go up against massive armies. And when you see their horses and you see their chariots, Amen. and you see the people, don't be afraid of them. He's not saying don't be afraid of them because you've got some human capacity. Don't be afraid. No, don't be afraid of them because God is with you. There's a revelation of who you are. That you are the chosen of God. You're the elect. You were chosen to take this land. You're the nation of Israel. You're the seed of Abraham. Don't forget who you are. And don't forget who's fighting for you. And I say that works every day of our lives. Friends, when we see insurmountable obstacles, things that we cannot overcome in our mind, cannot overcome in our flesh, don't be afraid because fear hath torment. But what cast out fear? Perfect love. So go back to the love that God has. And his love is known in election. And then it says then I love this. It says uh verse two, when you're come nigh in the battle, when you're coming to the battle, because God knows that we're human beings. when you're coming to the battle. Then the priest shall approach and speak unto the people and shall say unto them here, O Israel, ye approach this day in the battle against your enemies, let your heart, let not your hearts faint. Now the priest is reminding them of what Moses already told them what God already said. But the priest is coming along. That's why we're on a Wednesday night preaching things we've already preached before. Because when you're going into battle, the priest will come along and says, "Don't let your heart be afraid. [Music] You get a hold of that heart. You get a hold of your mind. Don't let it run rough shot off with you. Don't let your don't let your mind run away like a horse that that's broke its reigns. But you re that thing back in and be sober and say, "Listen, God's never fallen off the throne and bumped his head and forgot who I am or where I'm at. I still have a heavenly father. I'm still his child. My name is still in the Lamb's book of life. And it doesn't matter what the doctor just told me or what my boss just told me or what anybody else just told me. My life was hid in him before the foundation of the world and the works were finished before the foundation of the world. He knows what comes next. I have no idea. So the priest tonight, the the the pastor tonight, the preacher tonight is coming along to tell you as you go into battle, let not your hearts be faint. Let not your hearts faint. Listen, when he says, let not your hearts faint, he's not saying, you poor thing, I'm so sorry for you. I know this is really scary. He's saying get control of yourself. [Laughter] Don't Don't you dare let your heart run down that path. Don't let it run down that thought. Amen. You arrest that thing and you bring it back to the word of God. Let not your hearts faint. Fear not. Listen, that is such an interesting statement. How many of you have ever been afraid with an unreasonable fear? Fear not. It's like what? I can't help it. It's overwhelming me. It comes in waves sometimes and overwhelms you. And you would like just to flip a switch and not be afraid. Amen. But the fear not is not going to be a mechanical thing you can do as a human being. But the only way is you're going to have to put your trust back in something that's greater than the fear. Amen. Whatever the fear is, when you can look to God who's over everything that will make you afraid and then set your heart on him. Amen. And have peace in him. Amen. Fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them. For the Lord your God is he that goeth with you to fight for you against your enemies to save you. That statement is just as true today as it was when Moses said it. It's just as real, just as permanent, and it's happening day by day. So, I'm here to tell you, don't let your heart faint. Don't be afraid. Do not tremble and neither be terrified because of what's happening in life. For God is with you. And I can say more than that. He's in you. See, this is why Paul and Silas could sing at midnight. This is why Jesus could stand in the face of death and not flinch. Pilate was trying to, you know, work something out, trying to find a way to let him go. And Jesus just kept silent. And he wasn't afraid and he wasn't being persuaded by the circumstance. He wasn't being pushed. He was just quiet. He already knew. He was resolved to go God's way. And and Pilate saying, "Don't you know I have this power?" And he comes back with the greatest truth Pilot's ever heard. You have no power unless it were given to you from above. Jesus knew exactly who he was, who his father was, and where he stood. and he had no reason to be afraid. Amen. It's like it's like the disciples, they were scared until they were born again. And now when they when they had this peace in their souls. Amen. Now when they were arrested and they were called before the Sanhedrin, they were they were they were they were uh rebuked, they tried to make them afraid. They drew them aside. They had a little huddle. What can we do? And then they tried to frighten them. And they threat it says threaten. The Bible use the word threaten. So they threaten them. What do you threaten somebody? A threat is to intimidate or scare somebody. So they threatened them that they no more preach in his name. And they were trying to intimidate. They were trying to make them afraid. Only the difference now between then and now is they the the the Lord God was their strength of their heart. Amen. They had a revelation. They had they they knew who they were. They had been born again. They had Christ dwelling on the inside. And now they came and say, "Hey, listen. You tell us. Is it better to obey man or to better to obey God?" Then they had another council. You know, they pushed him off to the side and that's when Galio said, "Hey, be careful how you deal with them." So, they come back and they let him go and they beat them. They beat them and turned them loose and said, "Preach more in this name." And they ran back to the house where there was a prayer meeting going on. And when they got back, they couldn't wait to tell them what happened. Guess what? They took us and they we we got to testify in front of the whole Sanhedrin and they rejoiced that they were able to suffer for his name's sake. They were free in their minds. They could not be bound by the threats and the intimidation of the Sanhedrin because they were already free. This word makes us free. Cannot be intimidated. You cannot be manipulated. Amen. Only if you allow it. Because there's no reason to be when you know who you are and you know who your father is and you know why you're on this earth and you're here to serve a purpose. Who's going to intimidate you? Who's going to manipulate you? Who's going to make you afraid when you have a heavenly father? In John 14, Jesus says, "These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. Peace I leave with you. My peace I give you. Not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. Here's Jesus is saying what they heard in Deuteronomy. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. I love this terminology. Think about it. Let not your uh let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. That means you don't let it be afraid. You reign that heart back in. You bring that mind back subject to the word and line it back up with the word. And Jesus says, "Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you. I give you peace. He says, "Some of you they will kill and some of you there they will stone and they will chase you from village to village and they will persecute you and wrongly accuse you and mistreat you thinking they do God a service." So what kind of peace is he leaving them? Not that kind of peace. Amen. Not a peaceful life. Not an easy life. But he's giving them peace in their souls. Amen. Because of a revelation of who they are. And he says, "Let not." Don't you dare let that heart be troubled and don't let it be afraid. You can't stop it from being afraid, but don't let it stay in that condition, friends. Bring it back to the revelation of the word. Again, in the greatest battle ever fought, he says, now remember, it's not Christian science, mind over matter, that the mind accepts the life, which is the word of God, and there brings the life. Just your thought doesn't do it. This isn't just about positive thinking. This is about thinking on the word. It's the word that has the life. It's not just your thought that has your life. It's your thought lined up with the word. When you agree with the word, then the word has life and the word can manifest because you're in agreement with the word. All right? So, your thought doesn't do it, but the word of God brought in the channel of your thought. Catch that. I'm going to read I'm going to read slowly. I'm going to go back up to the second line. The mind accepts the life which is the word of God and there brings the life. Just your thought doesn't do it. But the word of God brought in the channel of your thought. See, it's not the thought as Christian Science might make it. Mind over matter. No, that isn't it. But your mind accepts it. It grasp it. What does your mind control by? Your spirit. And your spirit catches the word of God. And that's the thing that's got life in it. It brings life into you. Oh, brother. When that takes place, when life comes down that channel into you, the word of God is manifested in you. This is why you can't let your mind, you can't let your heart go those places. You've got to bring it back in line with the word because through the channel of the word, it comes in and drops into your heart and comes into manifestation. Amen. 2 Corinthians 10 says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity, every thought to the obedience of Christ. And Christ is the anointed word. So bring every thought cap into captivity. I've said it before. I've taught this years ago, but you have to catch every thought that's running around your mind. and bring it into captivity. Capture it. I mean, it's rolling and rolling. Catch it one time and bring it into obedience of Christ and say, "This thought does not match this scripture. So, I reject this thought in the name of Jesus Christ." That thought that I'm not good enough. I've already been accepted in the beloved. That the blood of Jesus Christ is more than enough to pay for me. I'm already been redeemed. I'm already accepted in the beloved. I'm already on the lamb's book of life. God knows the end from the beginning. So that thought is not according to his word and I reject that thought that I'm not good enough. And I cast it out of my mind in the name of Jesus Christ. And you try that once and tell me if you can't take dominion over a thought. So many times we just try not to think about it anymore. Try not I don't want to think about that anymore. I don't want to be I'm trying not to be. I'll change subjects and it's always there. But bring that thing captive. Catch it. Catch it and bring it to the judgment seat and judge it according to the word. And if it doesn't match the word, cast it out. Bind it. Reject it. Tell the devil you won't listen to it. Cuz where is the greatest battle taking place? Amen. Hebrews 12. Wherefore, seeing we are also compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus, the author and finish of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. For consider him that endured such contradictions of sinners against himself, lest you be wearied and faint in your minds. When we get a little bit tired of fighting our battles, we're supposed to look to Christ. We're supposed to be compass about by a great cloud of witnesses and go back and read Hebrews 11 and see what they all overcame. See what all of our brothers and sisters through time have had to go through and look unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. For the joy that was set before him, he endured the cross, despising the shame. And when you when you consider that, Amen. Consider that so you don't become wearied and faint in your minds because that's the picture that was set before us. Christ, in order to endure all that he had to endure, he had to set his eyes a little higher than the earth, a little higher than the circumstances. He had get his focus on what the eternal purpose of God was and what the plan of God was. And he had to fix his eyes on there and he had to walk forward. And he went through so much because of because of what he knew, because of who he was, because of his revelation, because he was free. Not bound, but free. Proverbs 23:7, for as he thinkketh in his heart, so is he. This Proverbs talking about a man who invites you over and he has all kinds of delicious things for you to eat and he said, "You better be careful. He bids you to eat, but he's got deception in his heart." But but the point of the the the I just pulled out just a point of the scripture because for as he thinkketh in his heart, so is he. The man's being nice to he's being cordial. He's inviting you, but he's got other plans in his heart. For as as he thinkketh in his heart, so is he. So what is he? He's what he thinkketh in his heart. All right. So, what are we? What we think in our heart? That's why we've got to judge our thoughts. That's why we've got to reject the wrong thoughts and think the right thoughts. Because what you think about, what we meditate on. Listen, we want to we all want to meditate on the word. Is that right? Why is it when we get in trouble, the only thing we can meditate on is our trouble? Amen. And when we meditate on our trouble, our trouble becomes everything in our life. It becomes whatever you focus on grows. Whatever you focus on grows in your mind and in your life. And if you get into trouble and the only thing you focus on is your trouble, your situation, the circumstances, and that's it. That thing will grow to a proportion. It will become overwhelming in your life and in your mind. But if you can put that thing back in perspective, amen, you can focus your mind on how great God is and what God has done and who you are in Christ and put this thing that tries to be a monumental disaster in front of you. Put it back in perspective when you line it up against God and you find this isn't the greatest disaster. This isn't the biggest thing and this isn't the most difficult thing to overcome. God has already defeated this thing. And so, Brother Bam says several things about thinking, and I want to I want to read through those. He said, 'Let positive in our thinking. Let's believe that this night, the revival will break out in Angela's temple tonight. Let's believe that this is the night that God will do the exceedingly abundantly above all that we could do or think. He will do it tonight. Don't take no for an answer. It's when we think those things, you create an atmosphere around you. And that's not just for the positive. That's for the negative. Brother Bam said, "You ever been around somebody and they create that atmosphere, you just want to get away from them?" So then you ever get around that person and they got such a nice atmosphere around them? I think this Yeah. This next quote says this. Did you ever meet people that you just love to be with? You you've had that. And why? They create an that atmosphere by their life, the way they live, the things they think about, and the love that they have for you. So the things we think about create an atmosphere around us and and it doesn't take long to find out what somebody's thinking about and why there's a negative atmosphere because you keep talking long enough it'll eventually start spilling out of their mouth because it's the only thing on their minds. It won't doesn't take long till it's do you did you hear what happened to me? You hear what they said about me? Did you hear this? You hear that rumor? Did you hear this thing? Did you see this? Do you know what my trouble is? Did you hear what the doctor said? Amen. That's that's that's all that's on the mind. Amen. And the worry and the anxiety or the hurt or the offense or or the or or or whatever the rejection when they become to think about it all the time, you become what you think and you create the atmosphere of what you're thinking about all around you. Amen. So that's why brother said let's keep our thinking positive. And greater than Sodom, he says, don't have nothing else in your mind. Keep thinking that if there be any praise, if there be any virtue, think on these things. You cannot get anything from God with a negative thought. He that cometh to God must believe that he is and a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. Amen. Why? You got to bring the word through the channel of the thought. Your thought has to agree with the word. Philippians 4:6, "Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." Finally, brethren, who whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are good, of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, think on these things. So the thought that's troubling your mind, if it doesn't match this criteria, reject it. So, it's got to be honest, are true, honest, just, pure, lovely, of good report, of virtue, and have praise. And if the thoughts that are troubling your mind don't match up, they don't meet that requirement, then say, "I reject that thought in Jesus' name, and I'm going to focus my attention." Sometimes the only thing you can do is turn on a sermon. The only thing you can do is call up somebody to encourage you. The only thing you can do is play worshipful music. You've got to change the environment around you. You got to change your mind from fixating on things that are negative and dragging you down and creating a bad atmosphere and not getting you where you want to be. We've got to take control of the mind. Amen. There's a story, not a story, it's it's a question and answers that I want to share with you. This is in 1964 in the August questions and answers. And the question comes like this from a sister. He says, "Brother Brandham, what shall we do? Something has settled over me that I cannot break through. Last fall, I dreamed I was lost in white sands. It was getting dark. I couldn't find my way. This dream has stayed with me since last fall. Now I'm as one groping in darkness. My son Irvin and wife were included in my dream. Now they are also in darkness. We are in desperation. I believe God will show you what is in our hearts. Now if we are wrong or sinning places tell us we want to be right. It's interesting question. This woman wants to know what shall we do? Now I want to go back to the first thing she said. Something has settled over me that I cannot break through. And it all started with this dream. In the dream, she was walking on white sands and somehow her her son and daughter-in-law were part of the dream and walking white sands and then it began to get dark or began to fade out, began to get dark and then she got troubled and she's now something has come over her. She cannot break through. Now they're also in darkness because they were included in the dream. They're in desperation and they believe God will show them what's in their hearts. And if they're wrong or sinning in places, they want to know. She says, "Tell us we want to be right." So that's the question. And she's in a bad spot. How many can hear the uh the question and believe that she's in a bad spot? I believe she's troubled in her mind, in her heart. Now, here's brother Brennham's answer. It's so good. I don't know the lady, but I just feel if you're here, lady, that here is your trouble. You have let something happen to you that's made you nervous because being in white sands represents purity and righteousness and you're just letting Satan put one over on you. Your dream proved that there's nothing wrong. You're only nervous. And by doing this and thinking this, you're making the rest of your family nervous. Stop doing it. Amen. Claim your God-given rights. Your dream proves by the interpretation that you are in white sands. Everything's all right. It's you yourself being nervous. I love this. And you let one member of the family get nervous. It goes to the next member and the next member. And the first thing you you're all fussing and going on and one member of the family gets kind of upset about something. It upsets the other and the other and the other and the first thing you know the whole family's upset. It's Satan. Then if one member of the family rejoices, let the rest of them rejoice with it. So every one of the family try to do that. Try each one of you children to help your papa, mama, mama, you papa, you try to help your children. Now listen what he says. Don't let that gloomy unbelieving spirit get around you. You are Christians. You are born of the spirit of God. You're salt of the earth. You have God-given rights. And the Bible said, "If any praise, if there be any virtue, think on these things." Don't think about the wrong thing. And sister, I think that's your trouble, sister dear. It seemed so spiritual. It seemed like it was from God. Amen. But look at the results it brought in her life. She didn't have any interpretation for it. She just began to to think that because it got dark that somehow there was some trouble. There was something and some gloom came over. She said something settled over me that I can't break through. And the whole time there wasn't a thing in the world wrong. There was no problem. Nothing wrong between her and God. She wasn't in hidden sin. She wasn't in error. There was nothing wrong with her son or daughter-in-law. She She got so gloomy she spread it to others because she kept thinking negative and negative. Something's wrong. Something's bad. Something's wrong. Something's bad. And nothing was wrong. And nothing was bad. There wasn't a single problem. Amen. The devil tricked her and because she identified with the evil report, she began to manifest everything she was thinking on and she got herself in a gloom and she got wor down and she got troubled and she spread it to her family and they were all, he says, she goes, "We are desperate." They all got into a desperate situation over nothing. Nothing. The greatest battle ever fought is fought here. If that can happen when there's nothing, what about when something bad actually happens? We can go down the same path and get ourselves in just as much trouble. Hey, listen. We've got to focus on the things that are true, the things that are honest, the things that are lovely, the things that are just, the things that be of good report. And if there's any praise, if it's worthy of any praise, think on these things. And don't think on the other things. Refuse to let it have access to your mind and refuse to let your mind wander all in dark, gloomy places. Bring it back to the truth, to the word of God and say the word is true and everything else is a lie. That absolutely blessed me so much when I read that that we can get ourselves in such a dark spot over nothing. So, I'm not going to let myself get in a dark spot, and by the help of God, I want to focus on that which is true and lovely and just and of good report and of praise because that's the truth. And if I've done something wrong, God will tell me. He's not going to let me wander all over the place not knowing. But I'm not going to start making up things and gloomy thoughts and gloom and doom over nothing. Over nothing. I'd rather go on blissfully ignorant. that I've ever done anything wrong and be happy and joyful and a son of God and happy with every day of my life because I have a heavenly father and he loves me and wait for the time that God says listen you've missed it but here it is and then I can deal with it. Then I know I can repent. I can deal with it. I can make it right. But until then I'm not going to start inventing, well maybe it's this and maybe it's that and maybe it's this and maybe it's that and maybe it's me and maybe it's not me. Maybe it's the people around me. Maybe it's my husband. Maybe it's my wife. Maybe it's my parents. Maybe I got an evil spirit on me from generation. Maybe it's the church I'm in. Maybe it that's Satan. That's how he works with negative thinking. We got to throw that away and say there's nothing wrong between me and God. And if there is, he'll show me. He's a good father. He's a heavenly father. He doesn't want me to live in gloom. He wants me to be free. In order to be free, he's got to tell me what's wrong. And if he doesn't tell me what's wrong, nothing's wrong. [Music] Praise God. You say, "Oh, I don't want to be a fool." I'd rather be a happy fool. Than a gloomy fool. I'd rather be a happy fool, ignorant. Everybody else can look at you say, "Your life is all messed up, but I'm happy anyhow." rather than overanalyzing, coming too critical and trying to analyze everything that happens and become doom and gloom and everything's bad and yes, we'll never have victory in this battle that way. Always be defeated. Brother Brandham says in Blind Barnameus, don't think sitting there in a wheelchair that you're hopeless, helpless. You're not. Don't let that negative thought ever pass through. Don't let it anchor. You can't help it from going through your mind. That's right. But don't let it stop. Like the farmer said, "I can't keep the birds from flying over my place." But he had a double barrel shotgun. Said, "I can sure keep them from roosting." So you do the same thing. And you two see, don't let them roost. Let them pass right on through. Now, here's the shotgun to use, both New and Old Testament. A double barrel. Very good, too. I'll tell you, it keeps them away. Amen. Mother Bam taught us the simplest lessons that change our everyday life and give us victory in every battle of our life. Here's a woman sitting in a wheelchair. Amen. Uh you sitting in the wheelchair. Uh don't think you're hopeless and helpless. It doesn't matter what the situation is and what's going on in life. Don't ever start thinking hopeless and helpless. Your father God is the one who parted the Red Sea. He's the one who put a fish in a a coin in a fish's mouth. He's the one who walked on water and allowed Peter to Don't tell me it's hopeless. Don't tell me it's helpless. Don't tell me it'll never. Don't you ever say it'll never because you're not in control of eternity. Amen. It'll always be this. It doesn't mean it'll always be that way. You think positive. Think according to the word of God and don't and I love what he says. He says, "Don't let the negative thought ever pass through. Don't let it anchor." He corrects himself. Don't let it anchor. You can't help it from coming through your mind. You're a human being with a human mind. And the devil's got access. Amen. He can, Brother Bam said, he can plant thoughts in your mind. He can't read your mind, but he can put thoughts in your mind. So if the devil can put thoughts in your mind, why in the world would you accept every thought that comes in your mind? We better be careful what we think about and we better be careful what we agree with. You get a woman at home and her and her husband maybe he's had a bad day and maybe something's not going right and he gets a little short with his wife and he'll say something maybe a little sharp and maybe he he he whatever happened he shouldn't have said it this way but he says something a little sharp, a little coarse and he just doesn't spend time and he doesn't make it up right away. You let the devil get to that woman and start putting in her mind that her husband doesn't love her the way he used to and my your husband doesn't love you like he used to and and and then well those those other men at church they treat their wife so good and say so and all of a sudden the devil starts bringing negative and negative and negative and before long what would have been easily reconciled the next time he passed through and says listen I'm sorry about what I said earlier today or the day before all of a sudden there's something worked up in your mind that when he comes through and tries to make it right. You're so negative and gloomy and doomy and already mistrust him and don't believe him till he can't even make it right. That's the way the devil works in our minds. But if you'll throw that away and says, "He loves me like he's always loved me. He's having a bad day." Listen, get positive. Say, "And if he doesn't love me, I'll love him the rest of his life because I made a commitment to." Don't let the devil play games in our minds. Take those thoughts, bring them subject, captive, subject to Christ. Don't focus on It's so easy to focus on the negative. There's plenty of negative to focus where. It takes more spiritual strength to move yourself to the positive. Be a soldier. Let not your heart faint. Don't let your heart be troubled. Be a soldier. Quit being a victim. Be a soldier. Amen. Don't be like the other slaves. Be a son of the king. Don't gloom and don't doom and don't mllyrub and don't don't pout. You hold your head high. You move and face life the next day because you're the son and daughter of a king. Your father is God, the creator of heavens and earth. Amen. What do you have to be sorrowful for? Let's be happy. It's amazing how when you start thinking positive and expecting positive things to happen, positive things begin to happen. And how many times when you expect negative things to happen, negative things start to happen. It's amazing. I want to finish with this. Musicians, if you want to come, Brother John. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. Of all that I've said and all that we've went through, if you could just grab this little scripture and make it a refrigerator thing, a phone thing, a a whatever, a little note. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in my sight, oh Lord. If we could do that, we'll have victory in our lives. We'll think on him. We'll think on his word. We'll think on the truth because that's the meditation of my heart that's pleasing to him. And if those thoughts become words out of my mouth, then it will create the atmosphere around me. and the atmosphere around me will bring to pass the very things that I'm thinking about because it's the word and the word has life and the word has power and we are sons and daughters of God. Let's all stand together. I just thank God for his word. And in 1962, brother Brenham thought we were all lined up and ready getting ready to go into the great ready to go into this great battle that's about to break out. And I'm telling you now, the battle's going on. Amen. It's going on in the minds of man. But there's a people who's predestinated to overcome. That's why God lifted you up and showed you. That's why he broke the amnesia. That's why you heard the eagle scream. And that's why you know who your father is, that you're the son and daughter of a king, so that you can overcome in this earth. Without that revelation, we just get tossed around like everybody else gets tossed around. But with that revelation, though you sit in prison, you can sing. Amen. Let's bow our heads and pray. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Father, for your word. And God, you've been so kind to us to open your mind in this end time and share your word with us, to send a prophet to preach the gospel, to give us opportunities like this, Lord, to come and hear the truth. And may the truth dispel all the lies that we've believed. May your word be the only thing that matters. May your word be what we focus our attention on. May this end time truth consume our thoughts. And may it be the meditation of our hearts. And God, we want to take your word as a double barrel shotgun and blow out, Lord, all these negative thoughts that are flying through our minds. And God, help us not to allow them to roost, not to give them permission to stay, but may we fight against it, Lord. God, may we may we begin as soldiers overcoming the battle, Lord. Because we know there's two forces at work. There's a negative and a positive. There's an enemy, but it's you, God, who is working on our behalf. You're our strength, and you're our life. And you've given us your word. And Lord, help us to focus on that. God, forgive us where we've been negative. Forgive us, Lord, where we've spoke negative and created negative atmospheres. But help us, God, to remain in the truth. I love you, Lord. Pray that you bless your people. May the things we heard tonight be applicable tonight on the way home, in the morning when we wake up, at work, and wherever we go. May there be an application, Lord, not just a hearing, but a doing of your word. And may we put it into practice, and in practice, may it begin to conquer and overcome. And may we see changes, Lord, all around us because your word is forever the truth. God, I pray that there's many here that would find more victory in their lives because they captivate the thoughts that are negative and they focus on the ones that are true. And God, may you have a great victory in each one of us by your word. May Lord, the channel of our minds line up to your word and may we become a conduit that you can just flow through in manifestation. For God, you've given us free moral agency. We can choose what we focus on. We can choose what we accept. We can choose to accept it as truth or reject it as a lie. We can choose to focus on it or ignore it. We can choose to focus on the negative or ch focus on your word. Help us Lord by the power of your spirit to focus on your word, on the truth. Lord, bless your people as we go home. Keep us all by your grace. And Lord, let us be joyful. Let us rise in the morning joyful because your word is true. because we know who we are, God. We can find ourselves like that African man far from home in a place he didn't want to be. But Lord, he could lift his head on high and carry himself as the son of a king because he was. And Lord, we're here in a sin-cursed earth. We're in a place, Lord, that's not easy to live. There's many constraints and difficulties, and it's taxing on body and taxing on mind. But oh God, how we can lift our voices in praise. We can lift our heads above it all and act like sons and daughters of a king because we are. Not because we hope to be, but because we are. We can act like we're free from all the circumstances because we are. Not because we hope to be, but because we actually are free. We're free from every vice of the enemy. We're free from every false doctrine and teaching and every false idea. We're a free people. Help us to rejoice like a free people. Help us to be happy like a free people. We love you, God. We ask your blessings upon this word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. I also want to welcome Sister Tony. Sister Tony Cornelen. She was here Sunday. Her son and grandson moved her in and got her here. She's she's officially a Lima resident. God bless you, Sister Tony. I saw her in the service, but I didn't recognize her with her son and her grandson. I wasn't certain, but I found out afterwards. So, God bless you, Sister Tony, and welcome. Amen. God bless you all, Brother John. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. And I am so blessed. Oh my soul is at rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Thank you Lord for the strength you give to simply carry on through life's falls and test in the worst and best. Oh, I'm never left alone. home. You are always right beside me. You hear me every time I pray. And since I first began, you've been my dearest friend. And I want to give you thanks. Oh, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done and I am so blessed for my soul is at rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I give you thanks for this moment and I will continually for each day I live. Your grace you give and I'm blessed abundantly. I can't forget that moment when in my life you made a change. Since your spirit came, I've not been the same. And I want to give you thanks. Oh, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. Oh, I am so blessed and my soul is at rest. Oh Lord, oh I give Oh, sing that second verse. Give you thanks for this moment and I will continually for each day I live. Your grace you give and I'm blessed abundantly. And I can't forget that moment when in my life you made a change. Since your spirit came, I've not been the same. And I want to give you thanks. Singing thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you done. [Music] And I am so blessed for my soul is at rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. And I'm going to rise higher every day. Oh, God's only got one way to go through. So I'm going to rise. I'll spread my wings today. I know the winds of faith. will help me fly away so I going to rise. Oh little leg rise. Oh spread your wings and fly. Oh your men for the sky. Let the storm push you high for God your God. Oh, look on him and rise. The end is drawing not. Fear not bright. Just send your wings and I going to rise higher every day. God's only got one way to go through. Oh, I'm going to rise. I'll spread my wings today. I know the winds of faith will help me fly away. So I I'm going to fly and bright. It's time for the blood is made of blood. Oh, the spirit b us right [Music] spotless. [Applause] Oh, God's burden has come. Oh, to give you life today. A promise he has made. Oh, his perfect faith away so bright. Oh, just rise. And we're the bride. The bride. Oh, we're rising every day to see him face to face to worship and to praise. And we're in him and he's in us to say revelation day by day. His word. [Music] Oh, [Applause] to rise and Oh, we're the bride. We're rising every day. Oh, to see him face to face, to worship and to praise. and win in him and he's in us today for revelation day by day. His word has been made plain so bright. It's time to rise.
