################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 250420 - Chad Lamb: Resurrected Unto Love - Chad Lamb - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   250420 - Chad Lamb: Resurrected Unto Love
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFIbZjENSCI
========================================

When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound and time shall be no more and the morning breaks eternal bright and fair. When the saved of earth shall gather over on the other and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there once more. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. He wasn't looking at me. When he took me in, he wasn't looking at my heart that was black my sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich and free. That preious blood that covers me once more. He was looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't looking at my heart that was black by sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich and free that preious blood that covers me. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Old things are passed away. I've been born again. More than a coner. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Well, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are pass away. I've been born again. more than a coner. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new. It's the rising of the sun. A new day has begun. Rays of mercy made us free from sin today. Oh, the joy that fills my soul. For the message is my all. Thank you, Jesus, for this day of liberty. They were hopeless, beaten and so weary, slaves waiting for the day of liberty, just to see the glorious sunrise from the highest mountain top. And this dawn will see their shackles falling off. It's the rising of the sun. A new day has begun. Rays of mercy made us free from sin today. Oh, the joy that fills my soul. For the message is my all. Thank you, Jesus, for this day of liberty. The grave is indeed. He's risen. What a day. Because I live, you shall live as well. He said, resurrected with Christ Jesus. Lift your hands toward the sky. Your reward is to be ever at his side. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quickening power. Amazing grace has rent the veil for us that day. Our redeemer and our guide. Soon he'll catch away his bride. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. The grave is empty. The grave is empty. He's risen. What a day. Because I live, you shall live as well. He said, resurrected with Christ Jesus. Lift your hands toward the sky. Your reward is to be ever at his side. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quickening power. Amazing grace as we're in the veil for us that day. Our redeemer and our God. soon. He'll catch away his pride. Thank you, Jesus, for this day of victory. It's the rising. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quickening power. Amazing graces are in the veil for us that day. our redeemer and our guide. Soon he'll catch away his bride. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. Just your voices now. It's the rising of the sun. I can feel the quicking power. Amazing graces are rent the veil for us that day. My redeemer and our guide. Soon he'll catch away his bride. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for this day of victory in Christ alone. My hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my soul, my cornerstone. this solid ground firm through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace, when fears are still with striving cease. My comfort, my home in it all. Here in the love of Christ, I say in Christ the Lord who took on flesh, fullness of God in heaven. This faith, this gift of love and righteousness scorned by the ones he came to save. held on the cross as Jesus died. The wrath of God was satisfied for every sin on him was laid. Here in the death of Christ I there in the ground his body laid the light of the world my darkness lay then bursting forth in glorious day up from the grave. He rose again. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost its grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. Bought with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first cross to final breath. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no steam of man can ever block me from his hand till he returns or calls me home. Here in the power of Christ, I'll stand there in the ground. There in the ground his body lay the light of the world by darkness lay. Then bursting forth in glorious day. Up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost its grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. Bought with the precious blood of Christ. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of lords. You are worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of lords. I worship you. Worthy, worthy. You are worthy. King of kings, Lord of hosts. You are worthy. Worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings, Lord of lords, I worship you. Amen. God bless you this morning. Isn't it a privilege to worship a risen savior who's alive in our midst? Amen. As we go to prayer, we just want to remember that our brother Gabe Smith is in Pittsburgh preaching for brother John this morning and brother Jim Swanson is across town preaching for Bible believers. So as we pray for this service, we want to remember them as well. Let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, for your goodness. Lord, we're so thankful for what you have done for us and this opportunity we have just to reflect and remember, Lord, your death and your resurrection. And God, that you ever remain alive, Lord, with the power to deliver us from the strongholds of the enemy. You have set us free. And Lord, we come to worship you, Lord. and we thank you for the privilege. We pray that you'd bless our service now as we turn to your word. May you take and break the bread of life with your own hands. And may you feed us your waiting sheep, Lord, for we're hungry for more from you. We pray that you bless our brother Gabe, Lord, as he's ministering away. And also, Brother Jim Swanson, may you anoint them and use them mightily. May they also be in your hands as a tool to deliver your word to your children. For God, we trust in you and we trust in your way and we look to you, God, not to flesh. We love you and we ask your blessings over all these things. May you bless us as we read your word now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. May God bless you this morning and happy Easter. Amen. I I uh I like to think of it as resurrection Sunday. Amen. And so that was just the beginning. The resurrection Sunday brought the resurrected life back into our midst. Amen. Let's look at John chapter 11 together. Uh John chapter 11. While you're turning there, I just want to uh remind you that I'll be leaving this week, actually tomorrow, for the trip to Poland. And so, uh, also the three, uh, young men that'll be going with me, Brother Josiah Priest, Brother Joshua Smol, and Brother Samuel Pittsenberger. They'll be going, we've got a couple family, I got a couple family camps to do. They're coming to the first one, then they're coming back home. So, they're leaving me, but we've got a family camp with brother Yatsik's church, uh, there in Poland, and then I'll go for midweek meetings in Ukraine, and then I'll come back to the other end, the opposite end of Poland, and have another family camp. So, it's two family camps on two weekends. So, I really would cover your prayers. I really would ask you to be remembering me in prayer that God will give us strength and anointing for that. And so, while I'm gone, I've asked several brothers to minister for us. I've asked brother Ron Garvin to take the first Wednesday I'm gone. This this coming Wednesday. And then Sunday, Brother Burley Williams will be coming in and ministering for us. And then the following Wednesday, Brother Gabe Smith will be ministering. And then that last Sunday that I'm gone, May 4th, Brother Emanuel Sabasu is coming back and he's going to take the service. So really looking forward to hearing from him and getting an update on how he and his family are doing. Amen. So pray for those uh brothers who will be ministering here as well. Amen. Let's look here. John chap 11 uh in verse 21. John 11 and 21. This is at the death of Lazarus. We know the story very well. And verse 20 says, "Then said Martha unto Jesus, Lord, if thou hast been here, my brother had not died. But I know that even now whatsoever thou wil ask of God, God will giveth thee." Jesus saith unto her, "Thy brother shall rise again." Martha said unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at at the last day. Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Oh my. It's amazing how you can read a a scripture and it can be so familiar, but it has so much life in it all the time and it's constantly giving life. So Jesus comes, he comes on the scene when it's seemingly too late. How many times does he come on the scene when it seems like it's too late? Amen. But he's never late. He's always on time. So it seemed to them that he was late because they had called when their brother was sick and at the point of death and wanted the Lord to come and heal him. And they knew he had the power to heal them. And so they called for him uh to come and he delayed his departure intentionally and he waited till Lazarus was dead and once he knew that Lazarus was dead he told the disciples let's go now Lazarus sleepeth and they started questioning well if he's sleep he's fine he says no so he you know brother Ram tells us he had to say it in a language they would understand he's Lazarus is dead dead as far as what you know dead but not really dead because a saint can never die. Amen. Amen. Why? Because they have life inside. So Jesus comes down and Martha, you know, she makes the statement that we just read. Uh and and then she knows he Jesus says, "Thy brother shall rise again." And Martha says, "Yes, I know there's coming a day at the end of everything and I believe in that." And so she's already confessed her faith in a resurrection and at the end time there'll be a resurrection and all that have went in the graves will come up. So she's a believer. She has faith in the word. But Jesus said unto her,"I am the resurrection and the life." Amen. So the resurrection isn't just an event. The resurrection is a person. Amen. I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Then he says, "Believest thou this?" He just took it up a whole another level. Amen. Yeah. You believe in a resurrection. That's good. You believe the scriptures. You're you're not like the Sadducees. You You're not of those who don't believe in a resurrection. That's wonderful. But but listen, there's a deeper meaning to the resurrection. And the deeper meaning is me. It's about life. And I am the resurrection. And I am the life. And whosoever believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. Amen. And I don't believe he's talking about people that are in the grave, but people who have not yet awakened to life. Amen. When you're walking as dead upon the earth, dead and alienated from God and separated from the things of God, you're as though you're dead to the things of God. But though you were dead, if you believe in him, you shall live. Amen. Because he is the resurrection and the life. Amen. Amen. Though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Amen. Do you believe that? Amen. I love it. I believe it. Amen. Amen. I believe it. Amen. Brother Brandon made this statement in the message investments. He said, "And then Jehovah dying on the cross, suffering the sins of the world. He didn't have to do it, but he did. He did do it. His grace constrained him. His love God so loved and his love constrained him. I I just think it's amazing when we look at the picture of Calvary. Amen. We look at a picture of God's love. And it was his love that constrained him to give his son. And it was his love that constrained the son to give his life and to go to Calvary. And we know that he he wrestled it out in Gethsemane and overcame even his own desires and surrendered to the will of the father. And he was constrained by love. And God was constrained by love to give him. Amen. I This is what I want to talk about if I can this morning for a little while. Amen. The love of God and and I want to bring it home down into our lives and not just leave it back in Jesus Christ and just leave it in Calvary. Amen. But whatever was in him then is supposed to be in us now. And he he went through that for our example. And now we're supposed to live that example and flesh it out in the flesh of our lives. So we know John 3:16 very well. It says, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son." So this is such a good picture of love. God love constrained him to give his son. But God so loved the world that he gave. And so we start looking at love this way. Uh a love is a the true love love that God demonstrated to us is sacrificial love. Amen. God so loved that he gave this humanistic love that we deal with all the time and we've preached on it before and we will many times more because it's all around us. This humanistic love has self at the center of love. But God's love is a projected love and it projects to those who are the recipients of his love. And because he loved the world, he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved. Amen. So God's love for the world provided a savior, provided a sacrifice, provided an atonement. So God so loved that he gave and we know he gave himself and gave his own life. Amen. And that love was never if I could say this that that love never came for condemnation. That love always came for life. But those who could not receive God's love fell into condemnation. Amen. They were already condemned because they believed not. So God never projected his love to condemn. He projected his love to save. Amen. But not everybody can receive God's love. We know that. So, these are just points that I'm making so that we can tie them together as we move forward. Let's turn to First John. Let's go to the book of First John. First John and chapter, we'll go to chapter 4. 1 John chapter 4 verse 10. Herein is love. So you stop for a minute said this is love. I'm going to give you a description of love is what John said. Here in his love not that we loved God but that he loved us and sent his son to be the propitiation for our sins. So once again he's saying the same thing. This is love. God loved so God gave. His love constrained him to give of himself. Amen. Amen. Brother man uh makes this statement in God's power to transform you being flesh and him being flesh, then you can fellowship with one another because he was God's attribute of love. God is love. Is that right? And Jesus was God's attribute of love. And when the attribute of love was displayed, which that was God himself, all the attributes that hung on to him came to him. All the father had given me will come to me. Sure, they had to be predestinated. So it was the very act of God's love on display that drew us to him. Amen. That's the reason he sent his son. That's why he expressed his love because he was drawing back all his attributes that were part of that love. Because remember, God is love. So let's go to Romans now and start to build this thought. Romans chapter 6. in Romans chapter 6. Let's go right to verse one. What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? God forbid. How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? Know you not that so many of us as were baptized unto Jesus Christ were baptized unto his death? Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life. For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection, knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Now, if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him. Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more, death hath no more dominion over him. For in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God. Likewise, reckon you also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Let not sin, therefore, reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in the lust thereof. Neither yield you your members as instruments of righteousness unto sin, but yield yourself unto God as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God. For sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under the law, but under grace. So he's telling us, you have been buried in his likeness of his death. You have surrendered your life and died to your old nature and to your old ways, and you've come forth as a new creature in Christ Jesus. So now, therefore, you don't render this flesh anymore to the old things of sin. That is dead. We've died unto sin. We've died unto our life. We've died unto unbelief. Now we've come forward in a resurrected life. Amen. Because why? We've received him and he is the resurrection and the life. Amen. So we've come forth in newness of life. Amen. And now these instruments are not instruments unto sin, but these are instruments unto God. Amen. To be used for the righteousness of God, for the display of God. Amen. So that's what John's telling us. And so now I if if we could think of it this way, Jesus, he came and he lived the perfect life to display the life of God. Jesus was the life of God on display. He was the expressed image of the almighty God. So the father was displaying himself in Jesus. And so then Jesus came and gave his life and died to set us free and he resurrected in life. Right? So he came perfect, lived a perfect life and he died to free us from sin. And then he resurrected again so that he could bring that life back into us. So that we could we have lived an unperfect life, a a life of unbelief and sin. So that we could die to ourselves and resurrect in his life to live the life he lived before he died, which was the life of God on display. So when we receive the life of Christ, we receive that same life that was living before. Amen. He went through this process so that we could die. So that we could come forth in the newness of his life. His life injected in us so that we can finish his life on this earth. The one that he lived on this earth is now still living on this earth. And we know that through the church ages that life went into obscurity because the Holy Ghost was bound by these denominational waters because of misunderstanding and misinterpretation. But God in the end time is breaking the barrier down. Amen. And he's restored back. Amen. All that God was and all the revelation to bring back that full life once again upon a church and so that Christ can live once again and you and I in the resurrection. Amen. Because he is the resurrection and he has come back in full measure. And this is resurrection in life. That's why this is rapture season. This is resurrection season. Amen. This is the resurrection of his bride that had fallen into obscurity and been restored through the church ages. The restoration of the bride tree. Amen. To live his life. That's the thing that I I want to hone in on. It all happened to live his life. Amen. It didn't all that happened and all we believe and all we celebrate and all we worship was was so that we could be free from the life of sin to live his life. Not so that we could uh get a ticket to heaven and go on living our life. We're supposed to go through death, burial, and resurrection to come forth as a new creature in Christ Jesus so that we can continue the life of Christ on the earth. And that's our commission and that's the reason all of these things happen. See, when it when when when Christianity as a whole teaches teaches the Calvary and teaches the resurrection as uh they they teach it correctly in many ways as God's love, God's love for the world, God's sacrifice, and that's all correct. But in the teaching, sometimes it stops in the fact that Jesus died for you so that you could be saved, so that you could go to heaven. Amen. And and that there there's truth in that. there's a restoration of the of the children of God and there's an opportunity for entrance into eternal life and to others and all that happened because of Calvary. That's true. But that was not all that he was accomplishing at Calvary. He wasn't purchasing you just a ticket to heaven. What he was doing, he was scouring you from the old life. Amen. And cleansing you so he had sanctifying power by his shed blood so that he could get inside of you. Yeah. That's what Calvary was producing. And the resurrection showed that he was alive and he was and and he was going to bring that life into his church. So we don't want to stop with just a surface level of Calvary of just redemption and buying us back. But he redeemed us and he bought us back so that he could cleanse us and so that he could fill us so that he could continue his life on this earth. Amen. And that's our commission and calling. That's the resurrected life in a bride. The Rem says in the message that day on Calvary, he says, "I hope this helps you to get in a place." That's what the tabernacle, that's what all people has got to do is find out what you are and what's the purpose. This is so important for life to find out what you are and what's the purpose. The purpose for what you are, the purpose for your life, why are you here? Why did God call you? Why did he die for you? Why did he give you his spirit? Why did he give you the message? Why? What? What's the purpose? Church, brother says, church isn't going to church just to play music, sing songs. Church is a place where correction. Judgment begins at the house of God. We must reckon ourselves dead and alive to Christ. Then he made the way that we would we could sacrifice ourselves to his service to follow him. And if we follow him, we lead the life that he led. Praise God. Amen. So that's what we come to church for. Amen. Not just to sing songs. And we love to come to church and we love to sing songs. We love to worship. We love to sing his praises. We love to have the fellowship together. But really, we're trying to continually identify our purpose so that we can die to anything outside of that purpose. So God will continually bring that purpose back to our minds over and over Sunday and Wednesday because the life that we live in a human body with a human mind in Leodysia is not the life of Christ. So we constantly got to get realigned through the word to run understand what's the purpose for me being here? What's the purpose for being redeemed? Why did he sanctify me? Why did he fill me with his spirit? What what is it all for? And then we can keep lining ourselves to that purpose. Amen. Amen. So Jesus says in Luke 9, just turn turn there with me. We're going to turn to several more scriptures. So keep your Bible handy. Luke chapter 9. Luke chapter 9 and verse 22. Now, I'm going the long way around, so just hang with me. Enjoy the ride. Amen. But I want to get to this love of God expressed in Christ. But I'm going to go I'm going to take we're going to take a long trip around Luke 9:22. Saying, "The Son of Man must suffer many things and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes and be slain and be raised the third day." And he said to them all, "If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it. But whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it. So this is really familiar to us. But but Jesus now is is beginning to describe he's beginning to tell his disciples that he's going to Calvary. So he's starting to break the news to them that he's going to go and be mistreated and he's going to be slain and on the third day he'll raise again. And so when Jesus begins to tell his disciples about Calvary, he doesn't leave Calvary isolated to him alone. Because the same time he talks about Calvary, he says, "Now, if any man will follow after me, let him take up his cross." So Calvary wasn't just for Jesus. Calvary is for me. Calvary is for the disciples. Calvary became the fundamental basis of Christianity. It became the the uh it became the surrender to the will of God. It became the ultimate sacrifice. It became the way of bringing uh others into life. There's so many things symbolic in Calvary and resurrection. And we're in the we're in this season of uh what Easter season of the of the crucifixion and the burial and the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Amen. But we realize we can isolate that back to 2,000 years ago. And 2,000 years ago he died for me. And that is true. But when Jesus begins to describe his his uh crucifixion, he doesn't isolate it to himself alone, but he starts to share Calvar's principles and the need for Calvary with his disciples. So what's the fundamental basis of Christianity for us? Calvary, what is Calvary? Dying to myself. Amen. surrendering out everything that's mine and completely yielding to the word and will of God so that God can work his work in me. That's what he did in Christ. Christ was the lamb of God to take away the sins of the world. And in Gethsemane, he had to wrestle it out. And brother Benham said he won back Eden in Gethsemane. And you say, how did he win back Eden in Gethsemane? Amen. Because Eden was lost. Amen. When a woman took her own desire, Amen. above the word of God and she desired. Brother Me said she didn't know but she wanted to know. We know she was tricked into it but she was led away of her own lust and enticed. Amen. And so lust and desire and want amen drove her away from the word of God into her own will and she exercised her own will. And then Adam exercised his own will amen to save his wife. And by self-will amen and lack of self-sacrifice amen brought the fall of Eden. Amen. So ju in Gethsemane, Jesus is now wrestling it out. And brother Brandham said he came to that great place, that great decision. Would he would he bear the sins of the whole world or would he stay with his disciples what he wanted to do? And he came to the same place. Amen. He didn't want to leave his disciples. He had affection and love for them. He had a relationship for them. No doubt he knew they would fall into all kinds of trouble. He had a desire, amen, as a man to stay with them. But he had a commission and calling from God to go to Calvary and bear the sins of the whole world and be mutilated and abused and killed. And we see the we see the wrestling match, if we could say it that way, was so intense. It wasn't like Jesus just said, "Well, you know, whatever you want, God." It wasn't like that. He prayed with such earnestness and agony until great drops of as it were of sweat like blood was falling from his face because he was on tense agony because this was the wrestling of all wrestlings. This was going to prove that this was the last Adam, the worthy one, the one who could be the lamb of God, the pure undefiled lamb of God. Would he take what he wants or would he follow the will of God? I mean the whole battle, everything comes to Gethsemane. Yeah. Amen. And will I surrender or will I follow my desire? And three times he asked the Lord, is there any other way? Can this cup pass me by? He said, but nevertheless, not my will that I done. So three times he surrenders himself to the will of God and subjects himself. And that's why I believe brother Brandham said he won back Gim he won back Eden in Gethsemane because he reversed what happened in Eden. Amen. Right. So listen, when we say Calvary is our example, don't forget Gethsemane. Gethsemane is part of Calvary. Amen. Amen. Listen, we we all have Gethsemanees. We have many of them in our life because there's many times we come to a place where God is asking of us, Amen, a greater surrender, a greater sacrifice. And there's things that we desire in the flesh. And it may be carnal things. It may be family things. It may be workrelated things. Whatever you whatever those things are, there's things that we desire and we know that the word of God is saying no. There's a barrier to what we want by the word of God or the will of God or God asking us to go in another direction and give this up. Amen. And we may think that we're super spiritual and all of us are like, "Well, I only want the will of God." But a lot of times we've got to get down and wrestle this out in prayer. Amen. And a lot of times what we do is we just keep praying. Amen. Like Balam did, hoping he'll change his mind. When we already know in our heart what he's asking us to do. Amen. So we come to our Gethsemane where we have got to die to whatever it is that we want or we think. That's right. Take his word. and then come to Calvary and die to that thing and let it be cut out of us so that we can live his life. So Calvary isn't just for Jesus. Calvary is for me. He told me to take my cross and he told me to die daily. So that means that there's a continual death to me all the time. Praise God. But you can't have a resurrection without a death. You can't have resurrection without death. And so when we realize that resurrection follows death, then all of a sudden I look forward to more death. I'm not talking about one resurrection. I'm talking about many resurrections in our life where the word comes to life again and again and again because I laid down something else in my life so something else of his life can live. Praise God. Amen. Let's go. We're not going to turn Yeah, we're going to turn to Hebrews 12. Turn to Hebrews 12, but I'm not going to read it just yet. I'll go to that next. Hebrews chapter 12 in the message who is this Melzdc brother makes a statement he says being eternal with him at the beginning the eternal life that you had his thought of what you was only he wanted you to he wanted me to stand in the pull pit say he wanted you to sit in the seat tonight then we are serving his eternal purpose and the one that left home only come to earth to serve his purpose. Amen. We by the message we believe we're part of that statement. Do you believe you're part of that statement? Amen. The And the one that left home, it means we left home, friends. That means this isn't our home. I mean, that's one of the greatest revelations you can ever catch. This isn't our home. Because when he asked us to take our cross and die daily, it really it's really good for us to realize that this isn't my home. This isn't my origin. This isn't who I am. This is only a temporary position for me. Because it makes daily dying on a cross so much easier when you realize the bigger picture. And by the grace of God in this end time, he's lifted us up on eagle wings to bring us to the big picture to we realize it doesn't matter if I'm miserable on this earth for 45, 50 years. That's a that's a blip in the radar. I'm an eternal being, an attribute of God predestinated to be here for his purpose, not for mine. And what comes next is worth anything that I could ever endure in this life. So important to catch the revelation from God. And the one that left home only come to earth to serve his purpose. Is that right? All right. Then after it's finished, it's brought back in a glorified state. It's matured and brought back again. So it comes as a seed of God, an attribute of God. It goes through a process. It's matured and it goes right back to God. I come from God and I'm going back to God. Amen. And I'm going through a maturing. And please don't ask me to describe that to you. I have no idea. I just know it's God working his life out of us. Amen. He says, "No wonder Paul could say when they were building a block to chop his head off, he said, "Death, where is your sting?" He takes he goes right to Paul having no fear of death, having no uh not recoiling whatsoever at his own execution. And what caused Paul to be able to stand, amen, that time of execution because Paul had been through the seventh heaven, our third heaven, Paul had seen beyond the curtain of time. Paul knew, amen, that there's nothing you can do to me that's going to stop this life. Amen. that there's no he can surrender to the will of God so easily because he's got a bigger picture of what life actually is. He said no wonder Paul could say when they was building a block to chop his head off, "Oh death, where is your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory? But thanks be to God who gives us the victory." He said, "Death, tell me where you can make me holler." Oh, I love this. Where can you make me holler? Grave, tell me how you're going to hold me. For I'm a possessor of eternal life. Amen. He recognized that death, hell, grave, nothing could hold him and nothing could hurt us if he got eternal life. He realized he was blessed with eternal life just like a little dew drop. Now, brother Bam's going to take it to an analogy. Now, follow the analogy. This analogy is you. Amen. He's talking about Paul. Paul not being afraid of death. And Paul and I want to go further than Paul not being afraid of death. It's not just not being afraid of death. Paul was not persuaded otherwise by the threat of death. That becomes more important because no matter what threat they throw at Paul, Paul knew who he was and he was able to sacrifice himself to maintain his commission and his purpose for being on this earth. Amen. He says now just like a little dew drop. He said if I understand I don't know too much about chemistry but it must be the it's the congaling of humidity or atmosphere and when the night gets cold and dark it falls from heaven and drops upon the ground. It's fell from somewhere. Listen, I love this because he's talking about you. Amen. This little dew drop on a blade of grass in the morning. He said it fell from somewhere. It existed somewhere else. But I want you to understand this. It existed somewhere else in another form. Amen. It was vapor in another form. Now it's changed form to come into a manifestation upon the earth. He's talking about you. And he says, "I don't understand the chemistry of this." Now he's talking about uh uh mechanically. He doesn't understand the chemistry of the dew drop, but I can say everything he's saying is true about me. And I may not understand the spiritual chemistry of it, but I know it's true. Amen. I may not be able to explain it on on on scientific uh scriptural or or spiritual science. I don't know. But it's the truth. Amen. So, it's the congealing of humidity or atmosphere. And when the night gets cold and dark, it falls from the heavens and drops upon the ground. It's fell from somewhere. But the next morning before the sun's coming up, it's laying there. The little fellow's shivering. But just let the sun come up. Watch it go to shining. It's happy. Why? The sun is going to call it right back to where it came from. That's why this is the rising of the sun. This is shalom. This is good morning. This bright sunlight that's come at the opening of the seals at the at the breaking of the message in our end time. That sun is up to what? To call us back home, to change us into another state so that we can go back to where we came from. Amen. Amen. So, it's laying there in the cold dark night just shivering, but the sun comes up and it goes to shining. It's happy. Listen, it's shimmering and shining and happy reflecting the light, but it's still a dew drop on the grass. It's still on this earth. It's still a dew drop on the grass, but it begins to shimmer and reflect the light and get happy because it knows this light is taking me back home. It may not happen right now. It might be 5 minutes from now, an hour from now, 2 hours from now. The time doesn't matter. It knows when it feels the light that I'm going back home. And it can shimmer and shake and be happy and glow in the light of God. That's us on this earth right now. We know we came from somewhere. And in a cold, dark night, amen, something congealed and came together and we've been planted here on the earth. Amen. in the darkness of of obscurity, in the darkness of false religion, in the darkness of of a mind alienated from God. Amen. But praise God, as we laid here in another form, there was the rising of the sun. And when we felt that son of this message kiss us, amen, all of a sudden, we begin to shimmer and reflect the light and get excited and get happy. And you can say, "What are you happy about? You're not vapor. You haven't had a change of the body. you're still stuck on earth because I know that this sunlight's taking me back to where I was before. And this light will change my state. And listen, that light begins to change it. It begins to change it. How? Uh I I I don't know. It's like it's so subtle. You can't watch it and see it's happening. What's the moment that it goes from liquid to vapor? Yeah. I mean, all of a sudden it was there and then all of a sudden it wasn't there and you didn't notice it go. But the whole time the sun came up, it was beginning a process. It was doing the work. The work was already in motion. Amen. It was already excited because something was already happening. He wasn't waiting for something to happen. I was going to take him home was already working inside of him. His molecules were speeding up. They were already getting warm by the sun and the vibration was picking up. I want to ask you under the preaching of the word, is the vibration picking up? Are your molecules moving a little faster? Do you realize that this gospel is taking you back home? Amen. That if that's so then we can shimmer and we can shake and we can be happy in this state. Praise God. This story is so important to me because if this is true for this little drop of dew, if somebody goes by and looks at that dew and says, "You're nothing but a little dew drop." The dew drop don't care. He's already happy. You're worthless. You're nothing. You're not. What do you do? You don't do anything. What are you so excited about? I don't see what you're so excited about. It may not be real to the rabbit and it may not be real to the bird. It may not be real to the butterfly, but it's real to the dew drop. He can feel it working in him. And so now criticism doesn't matter because of the truth. Amen. Because of the identification of what he really is. criticism, condemnation. The fact that he is a dwrop on the earth and not yet ascended to the heavens doesn't change anything for him. It doesn't make him sad and miserable. No, he's there just as excited as ever because he's going home. This is such a good lesson for us because if if this is for us the rising of the sun and we are something that some bit of atmosphere or something from the spiritual realm that's congealed in a cold dark night and laying there waiting for the rising of the sun and the rising of the sun has sparked something in us a process that's going to change our atoms. We should be happy, excited, shimmering, reflecting the light. Amen. And then brother Rem tells that little story. Then he says, "And that's the way with a Christian." Hallelujah. We know when we walk into the presence of God, something in us tells us that we come from somewhere and we're going back again by the power that's up. Is there a power pulling you? You're going home, friends. the little dew drop, he glistens and shines and shouts because he knows he come from up there and that sun is going to draw him right back up again. And a man that's an attribute of God, born of God, knows, hallelujah, when he comes in contact with the son of God, he is going to be drawn up from here someday. For if I be lifted up from the earth, I'll draw all men. Amen. So, I love this quote because brother Bam starts off the quote with, "The one that left home only come to earth to serve his purpose. Then after it's finished, it's brought back in a glorified state. It's matured and brought back again." Then he talks about Paul not being afraid of the chopping block. And then he goes into the story of the dew drop. Then he attaches it to our life. Amen. And when you put all that together, you realize there should be nothing that we're afraid of. There should be nothing that turns us aside, stops our forward progress, changes our confession because the truth is greater than anything else. The power that is drawing us home is already upon us. The evidence that we come from somewhere else is already inside of us. Amen. the the our our our our security has come from this revelation. So there should be nothing outside of that that can make us insecure because of the security that comes from that revelation. But being that we're human beings, we deal with all kinds of things. There's always disappointments, discouragement, fears, and things like that. Then the devil's always trying to use all of these other things to derail us. Amen. And get us to stop or get us to be a afraid to get us to hold back to get us to change course. Amen. But when we can come back to this revelation, Amen. The power of the enemy is broke because how can he use fear when I have nothing to fear? Amen. How can he use rejection when I've already been accepted? How can he use a lie when I've already received the truth? Amen. Yes. This is where Paul got to. This is where the disciples came to after the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And now those that were fearful and timid and hiding in the upper room and and going fishing and doing all of these things. Amen. Afterwards, Amen. They came now with the very life of Jesus Christ, they had the witness within themselves. Amen. That they were part of the program. And they and and and and Peter and John, they go over to the temple and to the gate beautiful. And they heal the lame man. and he's leaping and jumping and they're preaching and and they call him before the Sanhedrin. This was the very place that he was scared to death to be. Yeah. Right. When Jesus was brought before the council in Caiaphas's house, Amen. or Ananas's house, I don't remember which one. But when he was caught to the council, Amen. He was standing outside by the fire. He wasn't even the one being questioned. He wouldn't even stand beside Jesus. He just wanted to see what was happening. So, he's hiding over by the fire as one of the servants. And he got called out and he said, "No, I don't know him." Got called out again. I don't know him until he till he swore till he cursed and he ran after rejecting Jesus. That was the place he was scared to be. Yeah. But something changed inside of him to the very place he was scared of the council. Amen. The Sanhedrin. Now, Amen. They work a mighty miracle. They they've got the testimony within them of Christ. Christ is living inside and they've got the witness of it. And now they're brought before the Sanhedrin. And when they're brought before the Sanhedrin, they're threatened. Listen, this isn't we're not talking years later. That's right. We're talking days later. Maybe weeks. I don't know how long it would be, but it was a short period of time where he was scared to death of this council and the high priest house. Not even in the Sanhedrin. He was scared to death to be questioned or be associated or be prisoned. They were hiding in the upper room. Now something changed inside of them and now there was nothing any man could do to them to change the reality that was in their heart. Even if you cut my head off, it won't change the truth that I have. Now they brought him to the place he was scared to be. And they begin to to throw questions at him and they begin to threaten him and tell him not to preach anymore in his name. And you know what Peter's answer is? Peter says, "Well, then you tell me, is it better that I obey God or that I obey man?" He was not intimidated. He wasn't afraid. Neither was he angry. Neither was he spitting nails at them and cursing them. He was just relaxed. Amen. Praise God. Amen. That's where I want to be. Yeah. I want to be secure in what Christ has done in me to the point that it I'm not going to become insecure at threats of the enemy. That's right. Right. Amen. Amen. Let's go to Hebrews chapter 12 now and look at this scripture that we turned to earlier. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight in the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. So now this becomes our example of how we should run our race. Yeah. And how? Following the example of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because for the glory that lay ahead, he endured the cross. And he didn't like it. That's why in Gethsemane, he was he was praying the way he was praying. He was despising the shame, the pain, and the suffering, and the mocking. But he had something greater than Calvary to look at to take him through Calvary. And that was the glory that lay ahead. And I think we have something greater to look at than our next trial. I think we all have a glory that lays ahead. I hope you believe that because if you believe that, it'll give you the strength to go through whatever comes tomorrow. Amen. Let's go to John chapter 3 now. John chapter 3 and verse 6. says that which is born of the flesh is flesh and that which is born of the spirit is spirit. So have you had the second birth? That which is born of flesh is flesh but that which is born of the spirit is spirit not flesh. Means it's greater than the flesh. It's spirit. I just like to read that again. That which is born of flesh is flesh, and that which is born of spirit, of the spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I say unto thee, thou must be born again. The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but cast not tell whence it cometh, and whether it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit. Amen. Everybody can see you and see your life, but they can't tell where you came from and where you're going because you're spirit. You've been born of the spirit in your spirit. It's like that little dew drop. Where did it come from? It's there now. It's gone. Where did it go? It's just like the wind. That's just like everybody that's born of the spirit. Hey, listen. We're only here a short time. We blew right in here. We're going to accomplish something for God's purpose and we're going to blow right out. And while I'm here accomplishing something for God's purpose, I I do not want to miss that purpose because of my flesh. Amen. Amen. So now I've got to take up my cross and die daily because I'm here. I came from God. I go back to God and I'm here to express something God wanted me to express in this life. In order to do that, the only way that I can properly do that is I'm going to have to die daily. So Calvary has to be more than than Good Friday. I need Good Friday every day for me because if I can have Good Friday, I can have Resurrection Sunday every day, too. Amen. Amen. Amen. And so that was the long way around. So, we just got around the cow shed. Praise God. But what I really want to talk about is the projection of the love of God. And I want to get into love for a minute because Christ was God's attribute of love displayed to the world. And now where did all that love go? It's been poured into his bride. And brother Benham says in the message, God's provided a way of approach to fellowship. Oh, here's he's still Jehovah God. Jesus Christ remains just the same yesterday, today, and forever. Don't be afraid. Just sit still. Trust God. Believe with all your heart. Be sure of your step. Then move on with God. Pray and love him. Love is the most powerful force there is in the world. There is nothing as great as love. Power only lays in love. So I just want to talk for a little bit about the power of love. Love, brother says, most powerful force in the world. Do you believe that? It has to be true because God is love according to the scriptures. There's nothing as great as love. Power only lays in love. Then in the message conference, he says this love, God's love, love is the most powerful thing there is in the world. It conquers anything is love. By this you shall conquer by love divine, loving one another, loving the cause of God, loving Christ, loving suffering humanity. That's how you conquer. So remember, I'm not here for my purpose. I'm here for whose purpose. And the love of God is what conquers everything. So I've been put here to project his love. So I want to talk about the projection of love. If you can turn with me to 1 Corinthians 13, which is often referred to as the love chapter, we'll look at this for a minute. And when we talk about love, we all know that we're talking about God's love, not the weakness of human love, which is just a shadow of a shadow of a shadow of real love. But we're talking about genuine love. God's love. God is love. So if God is love, love is God. this kind of love. Amen. Not human love, not humanistic love. And we were going to start exploring what's so different about these two loves. In 1 Corinthians 13, we'll start at verse one. Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity. Charity is love. In the King James, it's charity, but it's the same word we use for love. This is agape of love. I'm become as a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, have not love, I am nothing. So what is he putting the emphasis on? Love. Amen. What should we put the emphasis on? Same thing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not love, it profitth me nothing. Love suffereth long. So now he's going to go into attributes of love. Now we're looking at true love, God's love. Love suffereth long, and is kind. Love envieth not. Love vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, does not behave itself unseemingly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil, rejoices not in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth, beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. This is God's love. This is the person of Christ. This is the fullness of the Holy Ghost. Now we we know in the message that brother taught stature of a perfect man and he said God was building back his bride through seven church ages or seven dispensations and he came back to the seventh with his brotherly kindness but he said there would be a capping off and a sealing of the whole thing and that capping off would be would be the Holy Ghost himself. It would be God and that capping off if you go uh to second Peter 1 that capping off is charity the same word love. So what comes down and makes the fullness of the bride manifest? It's the love of God. Amen. It's God himself. And these are the attributes of that love. It suffereth long. Means it doesn't get impatient with suffering. Now your flesh gets impatient with suffering. That's why we have to die to the flesh. But this love that's on the inside, it doesn't get impatient with suffering. It suffer long and is kind. It envth not. It vaunteth not itself. It is not puffed up. So there's no pride and there's no self- glorification in this love. It doesn't behave itself unseemingly. Seeks not her own. This is something I think so important. Seketh not her own. Is not easily provoked thinking no no evil. So this kind of love is not a selfserving love. Amen. And to me, this is what makes it so different than human love because almost all human love has some else aspect of self mixed in. But this love doesn't seek her own. This love is a love that seeks the best for the other person. So that means if this is that kind of love that seeks the best, it's the kind of love God had for the world and gave his only begotten son. That's the same kind of love. Amen. Doesn't seek their own but seeks the best for the other. to have that kind of love. I'm going to have to be willing to come become crucified to give that kind of love because now it's not about me. It's not easily provoked. It thinkketh no evil. It rejoices not in iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth. Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeeth all things, endureth all things. So now I really am convinced more than ever that it's going to take daily dying on Calvary to express this kind of love that I in order to express all of these attributes that I have to die to the flesh man because the flesh man does not like this. Amen. So Calvary is our example. Amen. Praise God. Now I'd like to look now at the next verse. Let's go to verse eight. Charity, love never faileth. But whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. Whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. I want to deal with two different words here. If you look at where it says whether they be prophecies, they shall fail. Amen. That that sometimes that language it can be confusing. How can true prophecy fail? Right? And how can knowledge true knowledge vanish away? But what that word actually means if you if I'm I pulled up the concordance, it means to render idol to be unemployed. At some point you won't need to employ prophecy. Amen. It will become unemployed. To render idle, unemployed, inactive, inoperative, to cause a person or thing to have no further efficiency, to deprive a force, influence, or power. So this word where it says fail, it doesn't mean that the prophecy failed. It means you've come to a time where prophecy is all fulfilled. We don't need any more prophecy. We come to a time where where God has fully expressed himself. We don't need any more knowledge. All knowledge is now fully expressed. Amen. So we don't get to a time where knowledge vanishes away. Amen. All the true knowledge now. Amen. What it is is it's unemployed. You don't need it anymore. You're looking right at it. You're looking right in the face of it. You're living in it. you fully experienced it. Amen. So though prophecy will be retired. Yeah. Whether the need for knowledge will be unemployed. Amen. Praise God. Amen. And manifestations will cease. Love will never stop. Amen. Because it's eternal. Because it's God. So this is the chief of all chief things. Amen. This word where it says love never faileth. The the word in the Greek has this definition to fall out of to fall down from to fall off. Metaphorically to fall from a thing to lose it. So when you go back charity never faileth that means charity will never fail, fall or be done away with. Charity is not going to be retired. Charity is not going to cease. Charity is not going to vanish away. Charity's never going to be unemployed because that is God. And that's why when brother Brandham went beyond the curtain of time, he said, "I was just love." It was it was just perfect love. He said, "And nothing but perfect." This is God's love. Amen. Nothing but the perfect love of God can enter in there. Amen. Because love never faileth. Praise God. Everything else will cease. Everything else will stop. Everything else will come to the end of its need. But love will will never run out of love. Will never go beyond love. Love, God's love will never stop because that was the purpose of his whole creation was to express his love. Uh let's pick this up in 1 John 4. We've quoted the scripture, but I'm just want to read it together. 1 John chapter 4. And I'm I'm still wanting to get to something. So just hang with me. All of this is good. Amen. But it's all building to a point. 1 John 4:16. And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him. Now remember all the attributes of love to know what kind of love we're talking about. A love that endures. A love that suffers long. A love that thinkketh no evil. A love that beareth all. A love that is kind. A love that seeketh the truth. A love that believeth no evil. A a a love that can endure. A love that doesn't seek its own but seeks the benefit of others. So those who live in God live in this realm and God in them. And this realm lives in them. Herein is our love made perfect that we may have boldness in the day of judgment. Because as he is so are we in the world. There is no fear in love, but perfect love cast out fear, because fearth torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. We love him because he first loved us. So he first demonstrated his love to him us and we reciprocated our love back to him. But in this kind of love, there is no fear. I believe this is the kind of love Peter came to. Amen. and the Sanhedrin. I believe this is the kind of of love that Paul came to when he was going to the chopping block where he wasn't afraid. How could he be afraid when he was secure? Amen. How could he be afraid when he had a pure true revelation of who he was and God's plan for him and that nothing on this earth could harm him? Remember Jesus looked at his disciples and he says, "I send you out as a sheep among wolves. Amen. But have no fear. have overcome the world and nothing shall by any means harm thee. Remember he said that you know you could get the wrong understanding of what he said. You could walk out and say, "Oh, hey amen. I'm invincible. Nothing will ever harm me." And then they saw Steven stoned to death. What do you think they were thinking then? Those rocks were bouncing off of his head and cracking and crushing his skull until he laid there dead. Yeah. All the disciples except John were were were were were uh uh were were killed, were martyed. Amen. Uh Paul had his head chopped off. Peter was crucified upside down. There's all kinds of traditions that tell us how everybody else met their demise. Amen. But John, he died of old age. And he says, "Nothing by any means shall ever harm thee." Amen. Oh, I think he's talking about that little bit of congealed atmosphere that's come down that nothing can harm that. Nothing can touch that. that life, that real you, that really turner, that that really eternal part of God that is meant to be you. Yeah. Because nothing shall harm thee. Listen, I want to say it like this. Nothing shall harm you. Praise God. But this happened to me and that happened to me and that. Listen, you're only in this flesh for a short period of time. and you're here to serve God's purpose and nothing's going to stop that purpose and nothing's going to harm you. If this flesh comes to a demise and someday and is burn at the stake and that didn't hurt you, right? Amen. Seconds later when you wind up in the sixth dimension, you're going to be like, "Jesus was absolutely right. There's nothing that can hurt me because I have eternal life." Amen. I have an attribute of God inside. Amen. And when we have this kind of revelation, then we don't need to get jolted about and tossed about by fears and rumors and all these things that trouble us so bad. We've got to go to a higher realm of living in order to live the right kind of life. It's not that we don't get shocked and our systems went. That's part of living a human life. It's not that we don't get discouraged or we don't get anxiety and we don't have things happening. It's not that our blood pressure never rises and our pulse never quickens. It's not any of those. But there's there's another truth that can subside all of that. Amen. What seems to be truth around me needs to be subdued by what's ultimately true. That's right. Amen. Amen. Is that God just wants to manifest himself in me. Amen. Amen. Let's while we're in First John, let's go to chapter 5, verse one. So John 5:1, "Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God, and everyone that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him. By this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments, and his comm his commandments are not grievious. For whatsoever is born of God overcomemeth the world. Catch it. Verse four. Whatsoever is born of God overcomemeth the world. Amen. So will the world ever overcome you? No. Because you've been born of God. Whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. And this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. Amen. It's our faith that overcomes the world. But Galatians tell us that faith workketh by love. Amen. We believe because God first loved us. We love God because he first loved us. And that love of God expressed in our heart, shed abroad in our heart. Amen. Brings the reality of the truth to our hearts. And now we overcome by faith. This is the victory that overcome the world. Faith. What faith? I know where I came from. I know who I am. I know where I'm going. And that gives me the power to overcome the world. And I don't think it's the power to overcome the world like we become superheroes with S's on our chest and we go and we we speak things out of existence. No. The scripture says all that is in the world is the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, the pride of life. That's all that's in the world. That's what James tells us is all that's in the world is these things. And what are where do those things lie? The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, the pride of life. Where is that manifesting? So where is where is the world? Is it Walmart? Is the world the street? Is the world? No. The world is the elements that's working in the flesh. The lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, the pride of life. Amen. And so what overcomes that world? What overcomes the world? faith that workketh by love. I can overcome lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, pride of life that's trying to move me in wrong directions from the word of God, trying by fear or anxiety or lust or desire or whatever to move me. I can overcome that by faith that workketh by love. But he's that born of God overcometh the world. We've not been left unequipped. Unequipped. We have what we need. Amen. Let's go to second Timothy 3. 2 Timothy 3 1. 2 Timothy 3:1 says, "This, know also that in the last days perilous times shall come." Are we in the last days? Amen. For men shall be lovers of their own selves. This is the opposite of God's love. Amen. Because God's love doesn't seek her own but others. So these are the attributes lovers of their own selves. Covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient appearance, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. That sounds like a list of attributes opposite to the one in 1 Corinthians 13. This is the world. This is the product of the world. And this is what's trying to work on you all the time to get these attributes to display. Lovers of their own selves. But the love of God doesn't seek her own, seeks the benefit of others. Amen. Is patient, long-suffering, kind. Amen. So this is the condition in the end time. Brother Benham said in the end time, the only place there'll be true love is in the bride. true love. The kind of love that he had, sacrificial love. Amen. Let's go to Mark 10. Mark 10. In verse 21 says this is when the rich young ruler comes to Jesus and asks him what must I do to inherit eternal life and Jesus tells him you know the commandments do this this and this and and he says I've done all of those from the youth yet what lackth I Jesus is going to tell him and verse 20 says then Jesus beholding him loved him. So Jesus is going to express love to this young man. Jesus beholding him loved him and said unto him, "One thing thou lackest. Go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come take up the cross and follow me." And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved, for he had great possessions. In the end time, people will be lovers of themselves more than lovers of God. This young man, he wanted eternal life and he wanted to have eternal life. He he is like so many people, they want the reward of Christianity, but they don't want any personal sacrifice. They don't want cal they want Jesus's Calvary. They don't want their own Calvary. And so now he he asks Jesus this question and and Jesus begins to uh answer the question and he thinks he's okay. what what lack I what what lack thou I Jesus beholding him loved him. So when Jesus told him where his lack was where his real problem lay and what did he need need to become free. Amen. This was an expression of love and we learned from brother Brandham that love is corrective. Amen. Why? Because love doesn't seek their own. Love is not corrective just to be corrective. Love is corrective for the benefit of the other person. That's true correction in love. Amen. Sometimes people like to be corrective and they're not loving. Yeah. Because they like to be the one who knows everything and be critical and correct. This wasn't a critical spirit. This was Jesus looking at him, loving him, saying, "Listen, friend, there's one thing thou lackest if you'll go and sell everything you own." Amen. So Jesus was loving him. But this man couldn't receive that kind of love. Amen. Because he was a lover of his own self. And this is the condition we find ourselves in in the end time. But Jesus demonstrated a different kind of love. Amen. So love is honest. So this kind of love that's in the bride to project this kind of love in the bride. Amen. Cannot be intimidated. Cannot be scared. Amen. Doesn't seek its own. Is not believing in evil. Restethth in truth. Amen. Can beareth all things. This kind of love that's in the bride is a superpower. Amen. And we're going to get some quotes, brother. It's a superpower. This kind of love because this kind of love, you're not seeking your own. You're seeking someone else. And when you're corrective and when you're honest, you're doing it for the benefit of somebody else, not for your own benefit. Amen. And that's the kind of love Jesus expressed. And the love of God, the Bible tells us the love of God, God commended his love towards us. and while we were sinners, yet he loved us. So God's love goes first and goes for the benefit of somebody else. That's the kind of love that we're supposed to express. Not the kind of love that is self- serving. Brother Bram said, "And show us the father." He said, "That's the reason Jesus said, and I believe if you get somebody, you can love anybody that loves you. But can you love those who do not love you?" That's the spirit of Christ. See, when those will those when those will mistreat you and say evil against you and from your heart you still love them, then you know you're getting close to the kingdom. Then yes, this is why I started off with crucifixion. Not just Jesus' crucifixion, but ours. Because he said th when those will mistreat you and say evil against you and from your heart you still love them. Listen there there's no way you can do that unless you've went to Calvary. Amen. In your flesh you can't do that. Your flesh isn't wired that way. Your flesh is a lover of its own self. Your old man, your old nature, your outer two realms, it's a lover of its own self. That has to be crucified for this kind of love to express. That's why for us, friends, Calvary is every day. And it's more personal than we think. It's not just I'm waiting for the great persecution to come. No, it's can I die to all the world that's around me? The lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, pride of life, and can I manifest all the attributes of love? For God is love. This is the capping time. When those will mistreat you and say evil against you from your heart and from your heart you still love them, then you know that you're getting close to the kingdom. Then he didn't even say you arrived. He said you're just getting close. How many want to get closer? I want to get closer. It's going to take more Calvary for me. John 15. Let's turn to the Gospel of John. John 15 12 he said, "This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends." This is the greatest of all love. The greatest of all love is when you sacrifice yourself for somebody else. They spit on Jesus and he didn't spit back. They mocked and he didn't mock back. They accused but he didn't even defend himself. What was that? That was the love of God. And why was he enduring that? For them, not for him. And if he can do that, what am I supposed to do? his bride representing him on this earth. I'm gonna have to go back to Calvary once again. You know what's going to happen the next time you hear somebody said something evil about you? You're going to have to go to Calvary. And you're going to have to nail yourself back to the cross and say, "It doesn't matter. I'm nothing anyways." God forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. Amen. No greater love hath no man than this, that he laid down his life for his friends. This is the greatest expression of love that you can ever have is when you surrender your own self for somebody else for love's sake. Because love doesn't seek her own. I find so many times most of what we do has a selfish motive behind it. But I praise God that he's exposing those things so that we can get beyond them. Friends, we can go beyond those. In the message that day on Calvary, he said, somebody said, "How can you stand and let anybody call you such bad names?" I want to wrap it up with these few quotes from brother Brandham. He said, "How can you stand and let anybody call you such bad names? And you don't." He said, and this is his answer, "You don't live for yourself. You live for others that you might redeem that man. You become sons. And the trouble of it is the church has forgot they were sons. You are sons. You're taking Christ's place. You are sons. So don't live for yourself. Live for others. Well, brother Brandham, I can live for this brother because he sure is a nice man. That's not it. Live for that man who hates you. Amen. Live for that person who'd kill you if he could. That's what they done to him. They killed him and he died that he might save them. That's eternal life. When you get that, that's when that's in your bosom. You're facing heaven then, but you sacrifice your own things. Give them up like the sheep gives its wool. You look on towards Calvary. How can we do this? How can we live such a way to be tramped on and talked about and spit on and mocked and misused and and all of those things happen? Has that ever happened to you? Amen. They happen. This is part of an earthly existence. This is part of the devil trying to get at you. These things happen. But but in the reality when you've got that revelation of that dew drop now what they did may hurt what they did may sting. It was wrong. It wasn't right. It's wrong in every way. But for me it doesn't matter because I'm going home. That person may not be able to go where I'm going. They may not have what I have. So my love is a love of understanding and revelation. And I'm not going to condemn them. And I'm not going to ask God to condemn them. I'm gonna stand in the gap because I'm secure in who I am. I'm gonna stand in the gap for this one and say, "Father, forgive them. I don't think they know what they're doing." And don't hold them accountable for what they said to me. I want them to go free because I've got this revelation of where I came from and where I'm going. And I'm only here, Hey, listen friends. I'm probably only going to be here for a handful more decades at the most. Hey, but I don't know what's going to happen to the people who mock and scorge and say whatever. So, I want to stand in the gap because I know where I came from and I know where I'm going and I'm secure in the love of God. And what I want to do is project his love. Because when love projects, sovereign grace takes its place. But you know what the enemy wants to do? He wants to take the pure love of God and mix it with humanism. And he wants to taint the expression of Christ in this day. Doesn't mean we can't be honest. Jesus was honest. Was Jesus honest? Amen. But I don't think Jesus was ever honest to stick it to somebody. I don't think he was ever honest to prove he knew more than them because he could have done that easy. Jesus could have nailed somebody to the wall and he could have loaded them with so many scriptures they didn't know what to do. But when they come to when they come to trap him, he would say, "Well, you asked me a question, I'll ask you a question." It was never debate. It was always about amen spreading the truth. And if he corrected, he corrected for the right reasons. Amen. That's the kind of life that we're supposed to live on this earth, not seeking our own. But if there's correction, there's correction for the other person, not for me. Yeah. Because I'm secure. I don't need I want to live like Jesus. I don't need to defend myself. I don't need to prove anything. I don't need to get angry. I don't need to go upset because these people who are hissing at me through their teeth, they're going to suffer the consequences of not receiving love. Yeah. Amen. But I've already received his love and I don't need to respond to the devil's tempting to pull me out of this atmosphere of love. Amen. See, I don't think we realize what we really are in what God's trying to express through us every day. And we get in all kinds of bad situations. We get in all kinds of family situations, work situations, situations in the church. We get in all kinds of situations because God wants to express love. Jesus was in all kinds of situations. But if we don't pay attention, the devil is going to actually trip us up and we're not going to react in the right kind of love, but we're going to react in a human love and start defending ourselves and start proving correcting. I don't want to be like that. I don't want to I I found another power that's more powerful than being right. It's the love of God. Amen. I found a power and a life that's more important than protecting my reputation. That's the love of God. And that's what I want to express. Amen. Matthew 5. Let's go here. I just want to read a couple more scriptures and drive this home to our hearts. Matthew 5 verse 43. We have heard that it hath been said, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy." But I say unto you, "Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. For if you love them which love you, what reward have you? Do not even the publicans the same? If you salute your brethren only, what what do you more than others? Do not even the publicans so but ye there be therefore perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. So, I'm supposed to bless them that curse me and do good to them that hate me and pray for them that despitefully use me and persecute me that I might be children, a child of my father, so that I can reflect his nature, not my own. Amen. Brother Brenham says in the message Blind Barnameus, he says, "Friend, I'm I'm not no little boy no more. I've seen many tests, but I've never seen nothing yet could override love. It just takes everything out of the way. Love conquers wild animals. Love conquers. It's just the most conquering force there is because it's God. What in humanity sometimes looks like the weakest force is actually the strongest force. Because with the love of God in my heart, you can do me all the wrong you want, but I won't do you wrong. Which means love is more powerful than the evil that's afflicted upon me. You realize this kind of love puts you in a greater power than any power that the devil has. Because every power that the devil has is related to humanity and to the world, to the lust of the flesh, the pride of life, and the lust of the eyes. But this kind of love can give you power over every power of the devil. He is powerless in the face of perfect love because you can persecute it, it will love you anyways. You can speak evil against it, it'll love you anyways. That's why they had to kill the disciples because they couldn't do anything to control the disciples because the disciples were controlled by love. And no matter how much you persecute them, threaten them, and mock them, they're just going to keep out giving out love and giving out the word. Amen. not being afraid because they were secure in the love of God. Amen. They couldn't threat them. They couldn't control them. They couldn't do anything with them. So eventually they had to eliminate them. Why? Because their power was greater than the power of threats. The power of mocking, the power of scorging, the power of all these powers. They had a power inside of them that was greater. And friends, if somebody comes and ridicules you and calls you names and you turn around and call them names back, you just submitted to that power. That power then dominated you and was more powerful than you. Amen. If somebody gossips about you and you gossip back, you come under that power. Somebody criticize you, you criticize back, they argue with you, you argue back, you've come under their power. But with this kind of power, you can subdue all of those powers. Amen. Because if somebody comes and they do you wrong and you do them good, they have no clue what to do next. Yeah. Because the power is only in the criticism and the power is only in the mocking and the power is only in the manipulation. But when you return evil, when you return good for evil, evil doesn't know what to do. Cuz evil only knows escalating evil. Yeah. Right. But I'm not playing the devil's game anymore because I'm going to Calvary and I want to receive the love of God. And when evil comes, I want the love of God to conquer that evil. It doesn't matter what it looks like for me anymore. Because inside of me, if I can die to Chad Lamb and I can pull this flesh down and I cannot give into the lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes and lust of the pride of life and somebody can say and I don't say back, I just won inside my heart and I say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." If it doesn't matter what everybody else thinks, everybody else thinks, "Well, he didn't have anything good to say. There's no rebuttal. He lost the debate. I want to lose the debate. Because if I lost the debate, I conquered me. Amen. And the devil didn't win, right? Amen. Hey, this is more real than any real out there. This is the way that we will overcome by divine love. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandon was told when he chose the harder way and he did so of his choosing, this would bring a great victory and love divine. Well, listen, these are the attributes of divine love, friends. Where there's a people that going to be on the earth that will not be controlled by evil. Will not be tossed about. I mean, you can be in prison. That's fine. But that doesn't control me. Because the the the only way I lose control is if I respond to the evil with evil. And then I've lost the battle. All the things that the devil's trying to do is trying to pull us away from perfect love into humanism. But God is pouring his love into us. And he's giving us the power to operate in the simplicity of love because of a revelation. And I believe it's the revelation of this hour that is giving us the power just to die, just to surrender to when it gets to the place where it to me it doesn't matter anymore what you say or what you do to me. What matters to me more than anything else is what I say and do back to you. Amen. that I want this to be a tabernacle for the Holy Ghost, not a tool for the devil. And if I can act in love, then all of a sudden, I'm acting in the greatest power the world has ever known. And this is a power that can never be controlled by evil. There's no evil that can control God's love. Amen. Sometimes people want power, but that power sometimes is so evil because it's rooted in self. Amen. And power that's rooted in self is evil and becomes evil. Even if it's good things. But this kind of power is selfless and it denies self and becomes the greatest power the world has ever known. And this is the power that conquers all other powers. It it is the neutralizer to every weapon of the devil. Amen. Think of a weapon that he can throw at you that perfect love doesn't neutralize. You know, even when the devil brings sickness to your body, what he's really trying to do is get you to be afraid. More than anything, he wants you to be afraid. He wants you to be afraid of your life, of your health, of of death. He wants you to have fear. Amen. But when you perfectly see yourself in the hand of God and God orchestrating your life and everything that happens, crossing God's desk and him signing off on it and everything being for good and not evil, all of a sudden that sickness doesn't scare you anymore because I have more faith in the love of my father than in this attack of the enemy. But the attack was through fear. So when I jump to fear, I just begin to lose the battle. Doesn't mean you won't contest with fear. But you got to fight against it and realize that's evil. Amen. God has given me a revelation in this in this message in this hour so that I could rise above fear that I could rise above favor that I could rise above these things and love conquers. Brother man makes this statement and God's projecting his love from 57. He said God projects his love and his his love makes you what you are. Amen. And there's many things we could say about it. I'm just going to let my collar down as it was for a few minutes and tell you my Canadian friends some of the inside. If you if you'll excuse me uh as a personal testimony, I want to let you know something on the inside of my life that I found because it seems very fitting right at this time. Many people wonder what takes place, think it's some sort of mystic. It isn't. It's love. So, Brother Ram's letting them in on his secret. Yes. The secret of the operation of his gift. The secret of the healing. It looks like it's some mystic. It isn't. It's love. That's the main thing is loving Christ. Not just saying you do, but from your heart love him. I've seen the crulest of devils conquered. I've seen wild animals floor themselves in the presence of God's love. Love casteth the fear away. Brother man makes some tremendous statements about this love and he talks about the maniac in Oregon in this next quote where the man was going to knock him off the platform going to punch him. He hated preachers. He said while speaking on faith this big fellow come down through the building run up to the platform like that and all of the preachers just scattered. They knowed him. And he said you snake in the He said you snake in the grass. you hypocrite. And he said, "You are out here imposing yourself as a servant of God. I'll show you how much man of God you are. I'll break every bone in that little frail body." This is Brother Brandham. This man was over 6' tall, 200 some pounds. Brother Brandham was 5'6. He was when he was in the campaign. Sometimes he get down to 150 pounds. Amen. And and and I don't know about you, but if this big man comes at me and he's going to knock me out, I mean, my first reaction is He's going to get it back. But that's the reaction the devil wants us to take. That's exactly the reason the devil came that way to get you to respond in like manner. But to have more power over the devil is to choose a different response, brother Bernie. And he now this is what he says now. He was well able to do it. And he walked up to me with his hands like this, his teeth set together. And when he got to me, Brother Vanom makes the sound of spitting. He says, "Right in my face." Brother man makes that noise and he spits right in his face. And if you remember the tape, the noise he made wasn't pleasant. Right in my face. I just stood looking at him. You know what? I wished I could always feel like I did then. And instead of despising that man, instead of hating that man, I felt sorry for him. I loved him. Why? I thought, listen to where brother Bam's thinking goes. That man don't want to be like that. No matter what he said, it's not him talking like that. He wants to be a normal man. He wants to love his babies. And his wife is a sweetheart. He wants to come in have a night and take up his little babies and play with them and go out and work and come in and put his arms around his wife and have a home like any other man. And that's not that man. He'd be my brother. That's the devil in that poor fella. How many of you believe Brother Ram passed the test? But in order to pass the test, he had to crucify his flesh because he had some training as a boxer and he had some abilities. Yeah. Right. Right. But none of those abilities would have been God. Yeah. Right. He may have been able to defend himself and hold him off till the police got there. But that wasn't God. God was projecting love. And brother said something came over him. This was more than just thoughts. This was the love of God had poured over him. And he said, "Oh, I wish I could always feel the way I felt then." Instead of despising that man or hating him, instead of being offended at what he was saying to him, Brother Brandham wasn't dealing with feelings of offense and he wasn't dealing with any fear and he wasn't dealing with with with any kind of retribution, those kind of thoughts in his mind. All of the sudden, Brother Brenham felt sorry for the man. Compassion came over him. He loved him and he began to see from the man's perspective. Remember love doesn't seek her own but seeks others and starts to say that man that poor man he don't want to be like that he don't want to say that he wants he wants a different kind of life that's not that man that's the devil that man if he was free from that devil would probably be my brother and when brother Brennham was able to project that kind of have that kind of love that love was more powerful than the hate in the man and the Love conquered the hate. Abraham said it'll conquer anything. Any situation that we face, I guarantee love will conquer it. And the way love will express is up to God. Amen. But it's not going to be my love and your love. This will be the love of God that flows right through us as we yield ourselves and crucify ourselves and let God have room to work. It's got to be his kind of love. Brother Brandham said it in this in the message. It wasn't so from the beginning. He said, "Did you ever meet people that you just love to be with?" You you've had that and why they create that atmosphere by their life and the way they live and the things they think about and they love uh and the love they have for you. You've heard my message on the possum, you know, and on the bees trying to sting me and the bull trying to kill me. animals. See, it'll do you. You create an atmosphere and that's the atmosphere you have to be in to pray for the sick. See, it's the same thing. It's love that casts out evil spirits. Brother, what's the secret? I'm going to let you in on the secret in my life. You think it's mystic. It's not. It's love. What is it that you cast out evil spirits for when you pray with the sick? It's love. And he said, then he goes to the story of the possum, the mother possum who brought her babies and was prayed for the bees. Remember the story of the the hornets? He he bumped the post with his mower and all of a sudden a swarm of of hornets came out and they were going to swarm all around him and sting him and and there was hundreds of them. Do you remember the story? And all of a sudden something came over Brother Benham instead of being angry at those bees for wanting to sting him. Listen, I won't fault you if you get angry, if you get stung. But something supernatural came over him. It was the love of God. And what did he start doing? He started apologizing to the bees. He said, "I'm sorry, little bees. I disturbed your home." He said, "I'm God's servant and I was in a hurry to get my yard mow because I have so many visitors. I was in a hurry and I bumped you and I'm sorry I disturbed you." Then he says, "Now you just go back into your hive and I won't bother you no more." And he said, "Like a line, they just lined up and went right back in." He said, "What did that?" That was love. Amen. Then you know the story of the bull when he was uh working uh the power line and he was also a game warden at the same time. He was going to cross over this field and see somebody and he forgot that there was a a angry bull in there that had killed somebody. And he gets halfway across the field and the bull stands up looking right at him and he reaches for his pistol and he had left his pistol in the car and he was in real trouble. He said all of a sudden something came over him. Instead of hating that bull, he loved the bull. And when he projected love, the bull stopped. Brother Benham said, "I've seen wild animals tamed because of love." Right. He said, he said, "I'm sorry I disturbed you, Brother Benham. Listen, he's apologizing to a bull." He's telling him, "I'm in your territory. You're just defending yourself. You're doing what nature called you to do. I'm sorry. You just go and lay down over there and I'll go on." And the bull turned around and went and laid down. He said he had the funniest look in his face because he had come in contact with God because God is love. Do you know if we can just become a conduit for love, people can come in contact with God because God is love. Amen. When we respond to situations different than anybody's ever responded to them, they can come in contact with a living God. Brother B makes this statement. He says, "All right, here was voices. Oh, how we need in Jeffersonville thousands of lived voices. The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness and holiness, purity, undefiled lives, walking around in the earth today without a blemish. Yes, sir. Real Christians, that's thunder against the enemy. The devil don't care how loud you can holler. The devil don't care how much you can jump or how much you can do this or shout. But what hurts the devil is to see that sanctified holy con holy life consecrated to God. Say anything to him, call him anything, just as sweet as it can be and move right on. Oh my, that throws him away. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. You know what? If it wasn't for this message, I would think it was a different kind of thunder that shook the devil. Me stomping my feet and getting mad at him and yelling at him and telling him he's this, that, or the other. But what destroys the devil, what shakes the devil is the love of God. Amen. He can't compete with it. He can't copy it. And all of his tactics are diffused in the face of God's love. Amen. Amen. And all I want to be is a conduit for his love. If I, Brother Brandham said, if I could have perfect love, he said, I'd rather have love than all the gifts there is in the Bible. And rather than in my church having every gift operating and if I if we would just operate by love, it would be better than all the gifts that we could have. Why? Because brother Bam told us the most powerful force on this in this world is love. The thing that conquers everything else is love. And God is love. You know, the most important thing in my life is just to get myself out of the way so that God can show his love through me. I spent too much time in my life defending myself, proving I'm something, trying to be somebody, getting mad when somebody calls me names or says something about me or tells a lie, getting offended. But oh God, help me. I want to overcome the world. And this is the victory that overcomes the world. Even our faith and our faith workketh by love. I want to get to the place where I can just be the dew drop shimmering on the little leaf battle saying I'm going home. It doesn't matter what the devil says or what he tries to do when it's all said and done. I know who I am and I'm going home and none of these things can hurt me. Nothing can hurt me. Amen. Because I came from God and I'm going to God. But what I can do is defeat the devil in every tactic. And if I can allow the love of God to flow through me, I will destroy everything the devil's trying to do around me. And he will not have room to work where there's divine love. Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. I don't know what you thought. musicians, if you come and Blake, if you come, I don't know what you thought what the capstone would be and the capstone ministry and the this massively wonderful expression of the power of God would look like. But to me, the greatest expression of God on the earth will be a humble people who love God and love one another and love humanity more than their own life. Because this mortal life is not my life. It's only my purpose for being here to express his life. I have been controlled by the devil too many times. He's gotten me to say something back. He's goting me to get mad. He's He's He's got me too many times and I don't want him to get me no more because I want God to have me and I want him to have all of me. And now as we thank God for the for the resurrected life. Amen. Remember, resurrection always comes after death. And if we want resurrection in us, we've got to be willing to die to everything that's not God so that everything that is God can live inside of us. And let's just sit let's just sit in the sun and shimmer a little longer, friends. Amen. Let the let the move of God shake in your heart. There's chaos all around. Absolutely. The world's falling apart and there's no love found anywhere and the love of man is waxed cold. But it doesn't matter for me because I love God and I love his word and he loves me and I'm going to perfect love. And in the meantime, I'm not going to let this coldness of this world and the coldness of the devil and Satan's Eden take my joy away. And I'm not going to let it bring me out of divine love into these realms because nothing can conquer love. But love conquers all. Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you for this word. And God, I pray that you would help us to be a people that surreners, Lord, greater than we've ever surrendered before, Lord. God, I pray that you'd help us to take our cross and follow after you. You've left us an example, Lord, and that example was a life surrendered to the word. A life surrendered to the will of the father. Giving up everything else but that. And you did it not for yourself. You did it for me. You did it for others. God. May we follow your example. May we yield ourselves to your word, Lord, and surrender everything, every thought and every ambition and every desire. May it be surrendered to your word. And God, would you please bring that divine love in our heart by your spirit? Would you help us be washed out of all kinds of strife and all kinds of self-preservation and self-loves? Would you just purge us once again, Lord, as we come back to Calvary again, to our own Calvary to take up our cross and follow you, Lord, as we repent, Lord, of these things, I pray you would take them from us. And Lord, if we can die, would you be the resurrection and life in our life? Would you bring forth your life, your love, your overcoming power inside of us? And may you have the victory in us. We love you, Lord. We thank you, God, for the truth of your word for bringing us to this pinnacle, Lord, to this capstone divine love. And God, may it express in each one of us in greater ways than it ever has before. And may it be a conquering force over every force of the enemy and humility and in simplicity and in surrender. May it take dominion that you may have your way in our lives. We love you. We ask for your blessing. Bless your people, Lord, as we go and enjoy our gatherings with our families and enjoy the celebration, Lord, of the resurrected life being in us. God, may we have that joy inside that like that little dew drop has that vibrating of the molecules preparing for a transition. And may that be the thing that brings us the greatest joy is this sunlight that's drawing us home. We love you. We ask that you would bless us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. I want to live the way that he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no love. Or I could never ever out love the mortals. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. For I could never ever out love the Lord. Man, I remember reading a biography one time of uh Charles Spurgeon. He was the great minister in England in the 1800s. Brother Beam speaks well of him. And he was getting attacked in the newspapers because they were mocking him and his preaching and all these things. And it devastated him, wrecked his life. He went into depression and and it's it's an interesting part of his his life story. And they were making cartoon characters out of him, mocking him for being overweight, mocking him for being young and a child preacher and all these things and mocking for what he stood for. And he finally come to terms with it one day and he got down and he prayed and he said, "God, the only thing that I have in this world that's mine is my reputation." He said, "But I'm I gladly give it up for you." gave up the only thing that was truly his was his reputation and he gave it up for the Lord. And after he did, it didn't matter anymore what people said, the cartoon characters, the mocking, he turned a deaf ear to it because he already gave up his reputation. What did he do? He went to Calvary. Charles Spurgeon died right there so that Christ could live. Then he went on to become one of the greatest preachers, one of the greatest preachers that England has ever seen. Amen. When it comes to the doctrine of predestination, he had it down. Amen. I admire that. I want to follow those footsteps. Because who won? The cartoonist in the newspapers or Christ? I say Christ won. What was the devil trying to do to Charles Spurgeon? make him angry, get him upset, pull him off course, get him to respond in the pull pit to all these things and ruin the work that God was trying to do. So the only way to win was to die and to love God more than you love your own reputation. And God had a tremendous victory. Do you remember when brother Brandham was standing in the wings of a meeting? Amen. And they they they they had advertised he was coming and some there was some dispute and man got up and says brother brother Brandon won't be able to preach tonight because his brothers took sick and he's had to rush home and brother Brandon was standing in the side behind the curtain and he could have just walked out the door and walked out and exposed the man as a liar. You remember the testimony? I don't remember whose testimony it was but they shared. They said why don't you go out there and prove him wrong. He says I couldn't do that. That would hurt that man's testimony. Yeah. Guess what? The devil lost that day. Amen. He lost. Amen. It may have been a bit of bravado. It may have been flashy and it may have been standing for truth and standing for right to walk out there and expose this man as a liar. But if he would have done that, the devil would have got a victory that day. The devil would have won. Amen. But because he humbled himself and said, "I couldn't hurt that man's ministry and confused those people. I'm not going to do that." He slipped out the side and just went away and left the lie and left it the way it was. And guess what? Love won a victory that day. Satan lost the battle. Jesus, when he went to trial and mockings and scorging, they they mocked him. They had false accusers. They had paid people to make uh accusations against him. And their stories didn't even match. It didn't hold water. And they were accusing him of all kinds of things. And he sat there silent. He sat in what looked like weakness. He had the facts. He could have defended himself. He was smarter than they were. But he knew what the will of the father was and he surrendered to it. And in weakness, he defeated all of them. The devil lost because of love. In my life, I want the devil to lose. Amen. Because of love. I I want to lose if I've got to lose whatever I've got to lose. I want love to prevail so that God can win and defeat the devil through this flesh right here. So, it's going to take a greater surrender than what we surrendered before, but oh, I think it's worth it. God is good. God bless you all. Amen. Maybe victory is simpler than we thought, but much harder than we ever imagined. But if we could surrender ourselves to the place where that love, whatever came over brother Brennham when that madman came, that's what I want to live in my life. Amen. Whatever swept over him when the bees were buzzing around, that's what I want in my life. And whatever came to him the moment the bull was staring him down, that's the thing that I want to have in my life. because that's God and that's love. Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. We'll dismiss you as we sing. There have been times when giving and loving brought pain. And I promise that I never let it happen again. But I found out that loving is well worth the risk. And that even in losing you win. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. He showed us that only through dying. And he gave way it see there was nothing to give. He loved when love brought heartache and loss. He forgave from the old rugged cross. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. Verse one, there have been times when giving and loving brought pain. And I promise that I'd never let it happen again. But I found out that loving is well worth the risk. And that even in losing you win, I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love till there's just no love. I could never ever out love the Lord. The love of God is greater than tongue or pain can ever tell. It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the low is the guilty pair bow down with him. God gave his son to win his airing child. He reconciled and pardoned from his sin. Oh love of God, how rich, how measureless and strong it shall forever more into the Saint when no return time shall pass away and earthly thrones and kingoms fall. When men could we refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains called God's love so sure shall still endure All measureless and strong redeeming grace to Adam's race. The saints and angels. Oh lamb of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong it shall forever endure. Saints and angels angels could we with thee the ocean filled and were the sky of parchment made Every song on earth aqued by tree to write the love of God above could drain the ocean dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole though stretched from sky to sun. Oh love of God, how rich and beautiful, how measureless and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and your soul. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong it shall forever endure. Blessing and me.
