################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 250608 - Tony Murray Comprehending the Infinite Mind - Tony Murray.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   250608 - Tony Murray: Comprehending the Infinite Mind
Speaker: Tony Murray
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjGSDrM1KCk
========================================

Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of that blood wash band. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came. He made me a member of that blood washing and the word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Well, the word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working mightily in me. Once more the word is working mightily in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see. The word is working mightily in me. Well, I'm an overcomer by the spirit of the Lord that lives within me. I'm an overcomer with the promise of a life eternally. But I once was lost in sin. And I had no strength within to resist the way that I had gone to leave the road. I was on. Jesus took away my sin, placed his holy spirit in, and gave me power to me. The word is working. The word is working might finally in me. The word is working might finally in me. No matter what the circumstance or what I feel or see, the word is working might finally in me. Will I say yes, Lord? Yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me, with my whole heart I'll free and my answer will be yes, Lord. You may be seated. Will I say yes, Lord? Yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me, with my whole heart, I'll agree and my answer will be yes, Lord. You deserve the [Music] gloryy and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one like you for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] Amen. There's no one else like him. Amen. That's why it's so wonderful to talk about him, sing his praises. Amen. Hear the word preached about him. Amen. And that's what we come for, to know him better. Amen. Man, we're excited to have our brother Tony back. if you'll remember, he's here with us last year and he preached on a message on the purpose of time and it was such a blessing. And he didn't come to preach. He was just passing through as they were visiting Arizona. They stopped by and and uh after visiting him, we had some fellowship and I gave a little twist of the arm and he agreed. So he wasn't prepared. He wasn't planning and uh from that time on I I desired to have him back so he could take some time and minister. So he'll be preaching today and also Lord willing, Wednesday night. So, we want the brother to find a welcoming spirit here. Amen. We want him to be able to relax because we know it's not our brother, but there's a gift in there. Amen. And we're depending on God to work through that gift. But, Brother Bam told us we're 50% of the gift. So, we want to do our part to recognize that this is God's method for feeding his sheep. And we want to pull and receive from that channel today. And we just want to make it easy for our brother to where he can step aside and God can take over. Amen. We're going to work together. Amen. God, may God be praised. Amen. I don't know if you've ever seen the old crosscut saw where two men got on either side of the old saw and they would saw a log back and forth. Well, that's a give and a take. Amen. One person can't work that by themselves. And that's the preaching of the gospel. Amen. He's got to he's got to push and we got to pull and he's got to pull and we got to push and we're going to work together and see that the word of God is rightly divided and that our souls are fed today. Amen. We're just going to welcome our brother. Amen. I was notified we got a brother visiting from Singapore. Is that you back here, brother? God bless you. Amen. I didn't catch your name, but I'll I'll greet you after the service. God bless you very much. All the way from Singapore. Amen. Praise the Lord. From New Zealand, from Singapore. This is good day to be in church, friends. Amen. God must be in gathering for a special purpose. Amen. God bless you. We're going to welcome our brother and invite him with this song and pray that he can just relax and let God speak. Amen. God bless you. like, "And oh precious Lord, strip me of vain glory and pride. Please take away all that's left of self. Oh precious Lord, have preempidence, make me humble. I pray once more. Oh precious Lord, strip me of vain glory and pride. Please take away all that's left of [Music] sound. Oh precious Lord, every make me [Music] humble. I pray. Amen. Amen. and just appreciate the atmosphere here this morning. You know, when he's welcome, good things happen. Amen. We want it to be that way. Just that he would feel just welcome to be amongst us. And maybe there's something we can say as little study that I've felt in my heart to put together that maybe it'd be helpful in some way, just to strengthen us, to give us courage for the the journey that's still left ahead of us. We know that we're in the closing hours of time and um the the bride is coming into her own. Amen. We I believe we can read the back of the book and we can see that we win. Amen. And we can see that there's a part for the bride to be playing and uh the the the rest of the picture. Brother Ram says it's like a drama to the Lord, but we can see that it's coming to uh a fulfillment. It's coming to a climax. So, there's never been a more important day for the bride to stand. So, we just want to take heart and take courage from the the word that's been left with us that we can be all that he wants for us to be. Amen. So, God bless. You may be seated. I uh it's an honor and a privilege for us to be here. I don't really know how I wound up here again. Um it was really brother Chad's fault. He didn't tell you quite the whole story, but um I had invited him to come to New Zealand and next thing I'm coming here. So, it's uh we kind of backfired on me a little, but anyhow, um we're here and let's just trust that the Lord can can just inspire us to say something that would be helpful and a blessing to you. I want to bring greetings from uh folk back in New Zealand. Many people when they knew I was coming, they said, "Oh, pass on my greetings. Pass on my greetings." So, um there's people all around the world that they get to see you and they just wanted to say we love you in the Lord and we're all pressing on the same way. We've just been across to to Europe, through Germany, through Switzerland and the brethren there also just asked on to pass their love and greetings uh to you each one. So um brothers you might know brother Andy B, brother Good Road, brother Andreas Ringan just name a few they all ask that I would remember them to you and u so we do that this morning. Amen. I want to go and turn to a scripture right away and uh start on this little study. And um I brother Benham sometimes he would say we're going to have a Bible study today rather than it's maybe not so much preaching but it's just um brother says sometimes if we can we can find our place and our position in in the word then we we rightly know how we can have faith because we can identify our position. So hopefully we can do that a little bit together today and um that'll be a good thing. So maybe if we stand and read out of Romans 11:33. Romans 11:33 says, "Oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God, how uncarchable are his judgments and his ways past finding out. For who hath known the mind of the Lord? Or who hath been his counselor?" Now to verse 36. For of him and through him and to him are all things to whom be glory forever. Amen. Amen. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just ask now that you would just break the bread of life to us. Help us, Lord, to see both yourself and your purpose, your plan, and our part in it, Lord, as we would just go through these things this morning. Just encourage us. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Hope you're seated. Now, brother Renham says the human mind is not capable to interpret the mind of God. And uh the subject I have called this morning comprehending the infinite mind. So it seems like uh quite a paradox because we can only think in human terms but uh he says in our humanity we can't actually comprehend the infinite mind of God. How can the little finite mind interpret the infinite mind of God when we can't even interpret one another's mind? And you notice that he's the only one that can interpret it. And he interprets it to whom he will. He or he reveals it to whom he will. It is actually part of his plan. In Jeremiah 9:20 uh 9:23 says, "Thus say the Lord, let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might. Let not the rich man glory in his riches, but let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the Lord. Amen. For in these things I delight, saith the Lord. So, as I said, comprehending the inf infinite mind of God, it's a paradox. It both is impossible, but it's absolutely necessary. So, we we can't achieve it just by human thinking. And then he says in the scripture there, it's actually the only thing that's of real value. It's the only thing that's worth gloring in is to be able to say, I know him and he knows me. Amen. Everything else is going to be passing away. So it it's it's an amazing it's an incredible thing to me that the creator of heaven and earth takes an interest in us. He's mindful of us. And David says in the Psalms, "When I consider thy heavens and the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars which thou hast ordained, what is man that thou art mindful of him?" That's right. And the son of man that they visited him, the creator of heaven and earth says, "I I am I am so interested in you that I want to come and live in you." Amazing. We'll get into that in a little bit. Paul when he knew this he said his one goal he says that I may know him and the power of his resurrection that's above all that he that he might have known in all his schooling he says if I can know him and the power of his resurrection that's worth more than anything else. Amen. And I'm so thankful for the message of the hour because the Lord has made known secrets to us. Things that have been hidden from the foundation of the world. He's making known his secrets. He's whispering those secrets to his bride. things that remain hidden to the rest of the world that are sealed. The seven seals, we say the seals are open, but they're not open to everybody. They're open to a select elect people. Amen. He's making himself, he's unveiling himself to us. And and we should be so thankful for that. We should just a grasp of it. Even fundamental things like who God actually is. Throughout all of history, how many people have actually known who God is? All through the church ages, most of them believed in a trinity. That's what they were taught. Even even the bride, the people that made up the bride, they they they were under that uh that cloud of the trinity. But in this last times, he's revealed to us who he actually is, what his name is. He is the Lord Jesus Christ. And when we see him, we start to see who we are. And we see the purpose that he has put us here for. You know, I think of Moses. He he would like to have known these things. is asking God, you know, tell me something about yourself. And the Lord says, well, I'll hide you in the rock and I'll put put my hand up, but so you can't see until I pass by. And when he passed by, he was surprised. He saw the back part of a man. And he's like, "What is this God?" Yeah. He said, "Well, tell me, what's your name?" He said, "I am that I am." Yeah. Now, if I was Moses, I'd have a lot more questions, a lot of things I want to know. He says, "But not yet, but it's going to be revealed." Amen. Amen. Now, just a bit of a bit of a background. We in our physical in our makeup as as the beings the Lord's made us. We have three parts. We know we're a physical body. We have a human spirit. And we have a soul. The the physical body is what we can walk around this earth in. But we need a human spirit, which is our human life. And that's where we can think. That's the that's the realm in which we think. But brothers talks about that the soul realm in the inside. That's the eternal part. That's the part that was in God's thinking right from before the foundation of the world where the sons of God shouted for joy. That soul realm, that's the theophony. Amen. But uh many people are searching for answers like science is searching for answers. The the churches are searching for answers. But if you're not looking in the right realm, you'll never find them. It says he's past finding out. If you look in the physical realm like science is doing, they they can discover many many great things, incredible things that they discover that God has made, but yet it's just physical and God's not there. It's what he did. It's what he made, but that's you can't find him there. And then people maybe like mystics and and a lot of spiritual uh aware people, they're looking in the spirit realm, the human spirit realm, and all you get there is frustration and confusion because we're complex and it's and it's a mess. That's right. And it and it's still temporal. But if you go to the soul realm and he reveals himself to us there, then that's where the union takes place. Amen. And outside that he will totally be past finding out. Now, brother Ram tells us that Satan is actually in heaven now accusing us before the Lord. He talks to God. Think about this. Satan talks to God. But brother Brandham says Satan doesn't know God. He talks to him and he accuses you individually before the Lord. But God brother Ram says he doesn't know him. He says, "The devil is as religious as can be, smart, scholarly, polished, but yet he knows no more about God than a rabbit would know about snowshoes. Cain talked with God." Yeah. But he didn't know him. Because this knowing him is relationship. Cain talked to God and he thought surely his sacrifice would be good enough because it was beautiful. was the the the best looking plants, the best looking flowers, whatever he could do that was just beautiful. And he did it for God. And he did it in sincerity in his heart. But it wasn't what God required. And to Abel, it was revealed to him that an innocent one had to die in his place as a substitute. Abel knew God, but Cain, he talked to God, but he didn't know him. Amen. Now God has always wanted to dwell with his people in the garden of Eden. He wanted to dwell among them and talk with Adam and Eve and walk with them in the cool of Eve. He he wanted to be have that relationship with them. But then man fell and then Israel came along and brother Reno explains to us that God wanted to dwell with them. He wanted to be in amongst his people but the people always wanted to turn to idols and turn back to other religions and and so forth. And so God couldn't dwell there either. And then came the Christian church. And the Lord wanted to dwell in his church. But down through the the church ages, they've always turned back to denominations, turned away from the word. Preferred to have something different than what God was doing. But right in the end time, he's going to have a bride. Amen. She's going to honor his word. She's going to reflect his word because she's going to have his very life. Amen. to Moses. God said, "Let them make me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them." And then Stephen when he's talking to the council, he said, "Solomon built him a house. How be it the most high dwelleth not in temples made with hands, as saith the prophet. Heaven is my throne and earth is my foottool. What house will you build me? Sayeth the Lord. What is the place of my rest?" And in Chronicles 2, 2 Chronicles 2:6 says, "But who is able to build him in house? seeing the heaven and the heavens of heaven cannot contain him. I'm thankful that Paul came along in sec 1 Corinthians 6:19. He says, "What know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost?" Where does Almighty God want to dwell? In us. Amen. That's where he wants to dwell. Amen. The Holy Ghost which is in you are ye are of God. You're not of your own. For ye are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are gods. Amen. All right. So, brother Ram says now, he says, "God's right here." He says, "But let's see if we can see him." He and he goes through a little format that I want to go through this morning. He says, "Now, first I want to talk about God and his creation and then next God and his word and the next God and his son and the next God and his people. And let's see if we can see him." So I want to talk about a few things perhaps sciency things. Don't get too bogged down. There's not an exam at the end of this. Um so we just want to talk about some things but just from the point of view and for the purpose that we would understand how great he is. How great is our God? Because sometimes we go, "Oh, we're not we're not not involved in science. You know, we don't look at some of those things." But yet he actually had to have an interest in it to make it all. He had to think about how big he was going to make the universe. And we can't actually comprehend in our mind how big the universe is. He had to think about the smallest subatomic particles and how that they would function together to build atoms and molecules and elements and so forth. He had to think about all those things. So he probably doesn't mind if his bride takes a little bit of interest in his handiwork. So let's just do that for a moment. Okay. So he he everything in the universe that he made is incredibly complex and incredibly intertwined. Everything influences everything else just as we influence one another but all the stars influencing one another and all the galaxies everything is intertwined but it has to be uh that's why saying the infinite mind it takes the infinite mind to sequence these things to make it work in harmony. even the amount of energy that it took to form the atoms. Uh Albert Einstein he he came up with a famous equation E= MC² and it was a calculation to say how much energy it takes to make a certain amount of matter. And just to give a bit of an example, the biggest nuclear thermonuclear explosion that America ever did was a test called uh Castle Bravo done in 1954 at the Bikini Atole and it was a 15 megat ton explosion. 15 uh million equivalent to 15 million tons of TNT. So that's a big bang. But that explosion was only just big enough to make one can of Coke. you know the Coca-Cola you drink the amount of matter I think you call it 12 flu ounces that uh 15 megat tons would make the atoms in one can can of coke what about us what about the world about the universe the energy required and science says that in the beginning nothing was actually created this is science this is not the Bible science says nothing was actually created because even the matter of everything that we see it was only a conversion of the energy which was already in the singularity the beginning that energy had to come from somewhere and it's just converted into physical matter but the energy is God they say it can't you can't create energy it had to be there and it just got solidified into and condensed into physical things that we can touch but the energy which is the power of the spoken word of almighty god was already there and even science knows that. Amen. All right. In uh in classical mechanics there's a conundrum called the threebody problem. And what it means what it is it's uh uh if you had three stars and they all are orbiting each other there's no way to mathematically calculate where at any time any of them are going to be. If you've got just two that's okay. they can they can you can work that out but the moment you got three the gravity is all pulling in such ways that you can't actually uh work it out the the science um definition they say it's deceptively complicated there's no formula that is able to predict the future positions of all three bodies so three stars how you stop them crashing together you can't actually work it out but God hasn't got just three stars he's got trillions upon trillions and trillions of stars and galaxies and black holes and dark matter all pulling on each other working in perfect harmony. It's incredible. And it's even it's more complicated than it sounds. And I hope it sounds complicated because it is. But it's more complicated than that. You know, we say the Earth here is spinning at six uh it's 1,000 mph at the equator. So it's 24,000 mi around. So we get one day because it rotates that fast at the equator. And uh incidentally, if it was a little bit faster or a little bit slower, we'd be in deep strife because if it went 10% faster, the wind speed would be up to 250 mph. That's a bit too fast. And if it went 10% slower, the daytime temperature would go up. I got it here in uh you're in Fahrenheit, so 170° Fahrenheit in the middle of the day. That's going to be too hot. and it would go down to minus60 degrees Fahrenheit at night just by going 10% slower. It's the balance is incredible. Amen. So here we've got the the earth spinning so that we get day day and night just as the Lord wants it. But the earth is orbiting around the sun once a year. Every 365 and a/4 days we go right around the sun. and we call that a year. But to do that, we've got to be traveling at the speed of 67,000 m an hour. And that's what we're doing. You're sitting right here feeling like you're sitting still, but you're actually moving around the sun at 67,000 mph. That's 19 miles every second. So, but it's a lot more complicated than that because the sun, our sun and our whole solar system is also orbiting the center of our of the Milky Way and it's going round the Milky Way every 230 million years. We do a galactic year, an orbit of the of the center of our uh Milky Way galaxy. But to do that, we have to be traveling at 514,000 miles an hour, which is 143 miles every second. But since the whole of our solar system is racing through space, so we just kind of think the sun's here and the Earth's going around it and the other planets like it's not like that. It's racing through space and all these other things are keeping up with it, circling around it. But it's a lot more complicated than that because our entire galaxy, the Milky Way galaxy, is hurtling through space at a speed of 1.3 million miles hour. So while we're sitting here, every second we've done 361 miles. But to set that all in order that it all works in perfect harmony, it takes an infinite mind. Yes. Amen. Amen. He He had to plan it all. If we had infinite power and you wanted to put one planet in orbit around a star, you wouldn't be able to do it unless you also had the infinite mind. If you had infinite power to do it, you'd still need an infinite mind. And every satellite, there's thousands and thousands of satellites that man has put up around the Earth. There's not one of them that's in a stable orbit. Not one. Every single one of them has to be adjusted continuously to keep it in orbit because it's it's being influenced by all the other planets, being influenced by the moon. It's being being influenced uh by everything else that's out there in space, it keeps putting it out of its orbit. So, they have to keep driving it back into to keep it in a circular orbit. So, uh it's complicated. And I think the way that David said in the Psalms, "Great is our Lord and of great power. His understanding is infinite." Amen. That sums it up. None of this was actually a problem to the Lord. However, yeah, because if you've got infinite mind, he just sequenced it all. Just knows how to make it work. And I think to the believer, the fact that it's so complex, we can say only God could do this. But to the unbeliever, they say it is so complicated that nobody could do this. It really depends on your perspective. For a believer, we say that's Elohim. But to the unbeliever, they say it's just so impossible. Nobody could think it up. Nobody could actually control this in his mind. But uh we're thankful that we know him. Amen. In Psalm 19:1, it says, "The heaven declare the glory of God, and the firmament showeth his handiwork." Praise the Lord. I think the hymn, how great thou art, how great thou art uh sums it up. Oh Lord my God, when I an awesome wonder consider all the worlds thy hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Thy power throughout the universe displayed. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou art. Amen. Even the things that seem insignificant are are vitally important. I was reading somewhere recently they said that the planet Jupiter and I don't know if we've ever seen it. It's it seems very small in the night sky. And you think, well, it's so far away from us. What what value is it to us? Why did the Lord put it there? But science have discovered that the position that Jupiter is in its orbit around the sun is exactly the right position to protect Earth from asteroids and rogue comets and so forth. And they say if it was 10% closer to us, it would protect uh Venus. And if it was 10% further away from the sun, it would protect Mars. But right where it is, it protects Earth. Amen. And there some years ago, I remember there's a a comet uh or an asteroid called a comet, I believe it was, Schumark, a Levy, and it crashed into Jupiter. And you could actually see this this the impact marks from Earth. They could film it and and see it going. And the biggest part had 10 parts that hit. The biggest part made a firestorm on Jupiter bigger than the size of the Earth. So if it hit earth, there would be no earth. So I'm thankful that the Lord put it there. Jupiter is a good thing. But you know, even in our own bodies, there are things the Bible talks about uncumbly parts we bestow more comeliness. You know, there's so somebody might lose an arm. You could live without an arm, but there's there's bits and pieces on the inside of us that we don't want to see, but but we need them. Yeah, I I was also reading this says that we have in in our body something like uh 30 trillion human cells and that makes up the the the bulk of our mass of course but the inside there we have lots and lots of bugs. We have up to 2 kilos of uh what they call microbial cells, fungi and viruses and uh bacteria. 2 kilos and there's 39 trillion of them in us. But we actually need them, but we don't really talk about them very much to one another. How are your microbial cells going? But we need them. And if he hadn't put that all in order, we would have nothing to digest our food and you know, all the different things we need. But see, uh, he's infinite in his thinking. Amen. Now, science itself uses uh complexity of of design as a marker of intelligence. If you hear um an archaeologist, he finds a stone tool and it's been it's been cut to a so that it's sharp. Oh, these are very advanced, you know, prehuman people people and uh they're very very clever. And then if you find one that's got a wooden handle on it, oh wow, these were intelligent, really intelligent people. And yet now when he finds and he discovers the genome, the DNA, human DNA, we have 3.1 billion pairs they call uh of um base pairs in the DNA structure for humanity. And every one of your 30 trillion cells, you have a map of the entire body. If you if you stretched out one of those the DNA in one cell, it would be six feet long. and he packs it all up and puts it in every one of the 30 trillion cells. It's it's got the M it's it's data code. It's written in a four uh digit code. Uh if you care I can tell you it's adenine, guanine, cytoine and thymine. They are uh they are chemical makeups that he makes up these codes and every one of the the letters if it if you like on the double helix of our DNA is made up of those codes. It's information. It's come from somewhere. Yeah. And science discovered this this great data store of information which tells about every part of your body and every function in your body. and they they look at that and they go, "No, I don't see any evidence of intelligent design." They need to get a mirror and say, "I don't see any evidence of intelligent design." It's both blind and insane. Yeah. And by the way, DNA, if you had a spoonful of DNA, it's so good at storing data that every movie ever made would be able to be contained in one teaspoon of DNA. Every movie that's ever been made in the history of the world. So, it's it's it's the perfect design for storing the information that that we need in our bodies. Amen. Great is the Lord. Okay. Now the big bang itself which we call creation. If you look back in space you can see the the background radiation that they say is a leftover from the original creation. And uh but if you if you looked at that and say okay there was a there was a huge bang but I don't know whether you've ever had a huge explosion. If you look at Elon Musk when he has his huge explosions there's not many usable pieces afterwards. It's a mess. He he calls them rapid unscheduled disassemblies. You know, I quite like that. Just everything's blown to bits. And unless the big bang was under infinite control, we would only have chaos. We we couldn't be here. He had to order all those things. Amen. It's finally tuned. Uh Steven Hawings you may have heard of he was uh a theoretical physicist in England and he said if the rate of expansion 1 second after the big bang had been smaller even by one part in a 100,000 million million it would have recolapsed before it reached its present size. Now I've not actually done the maths on that. I have to take his word for it but sufficient to say it's incredibly fine-tuned for it to work. On the other hand, if it had been greater by one part in a million, the universe would have expanded too rapidly for stars and planets to form. Amen. I believe that order in the universe is God's signature. Everything, Brother Ram says, the stars and the planets and the galaxies, they're still in order just exactly as he planned. In fact, he says he wrote our names in the stars. He was thinking of us billions of years ago when he was putting all that together. But you know when they find a um an artwork, a p a painting or something from years and years ago and it's been hidden in a cellar somewhere and they bring it out and they say they think this is a famous painting. It's been painted by somebody hundreds of years ago. And it's not so much the signature at the bottom that they take note of, but it's the it's the way that it was painted, the type of brush strokes, the type of paint that was used, the canvas it was done on. and they look at all those things, the frame even that they used and the type of wood and they can say, "Yes, this this was a a Rembrandt or this was a Monet or this was a Van Go." They they can look at those things and establish what it is. But when we see God's handiwork, we should be able to identify that. That's his signature. Amen. That's what he does. Praise the Lord. Amen. He was uh we should be able to see his purpose. All right. Now, just if we backtrack a little here to the beginning, brother Bram says in before the beginning, he said there was nothing. There was no light. There's no dark. There's nothing. I'll just read it here out of question answers 53. He said there was no light, there's no dark, there's no nothing. It just seems nothing. But in there is a great supernatural being, Jehovah God, who covered all space of all places at all times. The only thing that was there was the infinite mind. He wasn't even expressed in any form, but he was thinking. Amen. It's amazing, isn't it? He was there. There was nothing. There was no light. There was no atoms, nothing. But he was there. And all the power that he has was in him. Amen. He was no less awesome than he is now. But he was not even God. So we could say uh un you know comprehending the infinite mind of God but we can say that now because we can worship him but back then he wasn't even God because there was nothing to worship him. He was just the infinite mind and the first thing he created brother and sisters was angels and they worshiped him and then he became God and he's done and he throughout time he's done many things that we just can't comprehend and we won't be able to comprehend until we get on the other side. Job 37:5 says, "God thunderth marvelously with his voice. Great things doeth he which we cannot comprehend." Amen. But once again, just to give an understanding of of what this infinite mind is, the number of stars that we have in our our local galaxy, the Milky Way, they they estimate to be 400 billion stars. 400 billion. A billion is a big number. If you had a a box that was uh 1 meter wide, so for you that's 39 in by 39 in and 39 in high, and you filled it with sand, you would have 1 billion grains of sand. And so we have 400 of those, 400 billion stars in our local galaxy. And then the other galaxies, they reckon, this is an estimate, but they estimate there's two trillion galaxies, all with around 400 billion stars as an average. And Psalms 1474 says, "He tellth the number of the stars, and he calleth them all by their names." Yeah, that gives you an impression of how great he is. looks up at a star in a distance g distant galaxy maybe in the mellan cloud and goes I know that one he he knows them all by their names amen we we have got nothing to worry about we have nothing to worry about all right now brother says maybe you're thinking this he says that science and education is of the devil okay so I'm talking about science and I want to explain why he says of the devil because we do science every day. You know, when you you do something and you learn something, you experiment with something. We we're doing science. It's discoveries. And it's not the discoveries that's wrong. It's the it's the false conclusions. The Bible calls it science falsely socalled. When they come to a conclusion, but they they're leaving out part of the information to come to that conclusion. And and I want to show you how that's done because there's five there's six fundamental questions that we ask. Can we do this without thinking? But it's a known thing. Uh if you're trying to uh evaluate something and it's um these are these are the six questions. Who, what, when, where, why, and how. So if you're wanting to evaluate something that that's what we would go through in each of those. But science are missing the who. You ask all the other questions, you know, what's happening. Oh, they talk about the big bang, when it happened 13.8 8 billion years ago and where they cannot tell but sort of here, there, everywhere and how. They spend most of their time on that. But who they deliberately ignore. And if you don't have the who, you don't have the why because it's irrelevant. Why are we here? Well, no one knows because we don't know the who. So, they've come up to conclusions without taking all of the available evidence um into use. And so, it misleads people. They think well I don't I don't I can never find God but he wants to be known. Many things I'll just quickly go through questions like how people in the world have these questions. What about world peace? Without him the who there is no world peace but with him he is the prince of peace. So, so you have to have the who um financial stability and cures for diseases and control of climate, the climate change and all these things or the big questions where do we come from, why are we here and where are we going? Without him, the who it's all irrelevant. Amen. All right. Even life itself, uh science doesn't know what life is. They they can't tell what life is because they're looking in the wrong region. They're looking in the wrong realm. They don't know where where life originated and they certainly don't know the purpose of life because life even this human life is not in the physical realm. It's spirit realm. There was a man Bill Bryson and he wrote a book he called it the short history of nearly everything. And he said in there if you if you pulled yourself apart with a pair of tweezers one atom at a time eventually you'd have a pile of atoms that was all you but none of which had ever been alive. Yeah. And it's quite a good way of thinking about it because just this physical is not life. Life is in this physical. When we say this is my body, it belongs to me. It's not it's not me. It belongs to me. And the prophet brings that out. The mei is on the inside. All right. And just as we've looked at the physical universe and it's complex, but then if you take the spirit realm, it's even more complex. And sometimes people say, "No one understands me." You hear people say that, "No one understands me." It's absolutely true. Just just get used to it. That's exactly true. No one understands you because we don't understand ourselves. We we can't understand ourselves. It's complex. Unless we hand our life into his care, it's going to be a disaster. Amen. There's two unseen powers that are both battling for you. Amen. And often in ways we don't fully understand. And I want to read here, brother Brennham has a lady come up in the prayer line and uh he he tells the things that I'll read it actually just how he says it. He says, "Now the very thing he that's here that knows your life. I see it goes way back to a little girl. I see you as a little girl. You were running from something. It was something chasing you. It was a dog. Now she's an older lady now, but he's looking back in her life with the gift. He can see she was chased by a dog. and it seems like you were coming from school or somewhere way long ago and it scared you. You've been nervous like all your life. Then brother Brennan prays for her. He says the lady standing here which she's tormented by an evil spirit that's trying to get her to commit suicide and do things that's wrong. But thou art here to remove this father. So Satan, you evil one that's tormented our sister, I adure thee in the name of Jesus Christ the living God, come out from the woman. And then he just turns to her and simply says, "Now run along and just be real happy. It won't come to you no more." Crazy. Just like that. It's like you can't work out how to do that. But we have to put our hand in his hand and say, "Lord, whatever my complexes are, whatever things I don't even know where they came from, deliver me from those that that I can be a fully functioning person in the body of Christ." Amen. Spiritually we are complex and the scripture says we wrestle not against flesh and blood but against principalities and powers against the rulers of the darkness of this world against spiritual wickedness in high places. Amen. So when we know that we're in trouble, don't try and fix the problem from a human perspective. Just hand it over to the Lord because it's way beyond what we can do. Amen. Now, Satan, he cannot create. The brother brother tells us he just perverts what God has already created. And he always tries to mimic something that God is doing. He sees what God's doing and he tries to mimic it. He he normally tries when he hears what God's going to do, he tries to get in first. That's what he did in Garden of Eden. God had already told Adam to to multiply and replenish the earth. But Satan come in quickly and said, "Oh, I can tell you how this is done." See, he he knew about these things. So he's he gets in ahead to try and pervert it and do something that is a counterfeit. He says to Eve, "You'll be like gods." Well, they were like gods. He was trying to sell them something that they already had. And he's done that down through the ages with man-made religions and so forth and even just things of the world, offers people something. You know, when somebody takes drugs, they they do it because they want to feel happy and and for a moment it it does that to them. It just, oh, this feels great. but the crash afterwards. Yes. See, it's it's something that's false. It's fake. And we have to think about those things beforehand, not get tied up in it. But even in the secular world, not that this is wrong, but this but Satan is always trying to mimic something that God is doing. Uh man doesn't have the power of the spoken word yet, but the bride's stepping every day a step closer. But Satan has said, "Oh, that's a good idea. I'll give them the spoken word." Got it. Yeah. Hey Siri, Alexa, turn on the lights. See, it's it's it's a mimic. It's not necessary wrong, but it's just you see his nature. That's what he does. Man doesn't have an infinite mind. But he gives him the internet. He gives him AI to try and give him, oh, he doesn't need God. He's got a He's now got a counterfeit. Yeah. It's not right. It's not It's not correct. They make a lot of mistakes, but it's it's a counterfeit to try and take the place of God. The Lord gave the prophet visions that they could see things, that they could be inspired. But Satan gives people visions. Yeah. Puts it in the pocket. Oh, look at his vision, the television, whatever it is. But it's an imitation. And the end result is that people feel they don't have a need for God because Satan has given them everything, oh, that they need that they desire, but without him, it's all going to be a total loss. Yeah. So although God has displayed himself through his universe and through uh his creation, he never intended to reveal himself to us in that realm because it's through his word that he intended to reveal himself to make himself known to have a relationship was through the word. Amen. And he plans to do that personally to the elect. Uh Jesus says in Matthew 11:25, "I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, because there has hid these things from the wise and prudent and has revealed them unto babes." And it is the word that contains eternal life. It's it is it is the vehicle by which he imparts to us his life. It was always his purpose to pass on his life to to his elect. And he does it through his word. Jesus said, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." It's it's an amazing thing that just a word spoken, it carries with it life. Amen. To me, that's that's an incredible thing. Brother says, "Before the foundation of the earth, the purpose of God was to share his eternal life with man." That's what he wanted to do. But before the beginning, he was thinking and I want to talk about what was he thinking. He's there alone and and he's occupying eternity with his thoughts. We can't say billions of years cuz there was no years, but it was billions of years. Okay? It was a long time. He was just there thinking. And many times, like in the middle of the night, if I wake up and I have something that I'm going to be doing the next day, I'll just I'll think. I I I'm still in bed. I'm not doing anything, but I'm thinking, how will I do this? And we all do that. And sometimes if you think long enough, you can work it out before you even start. But God couldn't do that. Because he already knew all things. So he didn't have to think on something long enough to work out how to do it because he already knew. He's infinite. He's omnisient. He knows all things. So he wasn't doing that. He wasn't thinking about how big the universe was going to be. I think uh science say now that the universe is 93 billion light years across. Well, he's actually got the whole thing under his control. But he wasn't have to worry about that. Brother Brham says uh that the earth actually between Genesis Genesis 1:1 in the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. He says, "Period." He said, "When he did it and how he did and how long ago that was." He said, "He doesn't tell us and it's none of our business." But he said, "But it was billions of years ago." And then you get to Genesis 1:2 and he says, "And the earth was was was without form and void and darkness is upon the face of the deep." He said, "Then he started on our current creation and that's when he the sun was already there, the moon was already there, the stars were already there, but he said there was a fog over the earth, darkness upon the face of the deep." He said the seeds were all of life of the plants were already in the in the earth. But he said let there be light and the fog cleared away and the sun came through and the plants came through to life and so forth. And he started from the earth and he remade the animals and so forth. Things that had actually even been here beforehand but had died out. Um and that's another story how that happened. But um he replenished the earth. You can't replenish something that wasn't previously plenished. There was something here before. But anyhow, he started on our present creation. Uh I suppose it would be uh 13,000 years ago. 6,000 years the creation thousand years he rested. Then we've had 6,000 years since the time of Adam until now. Then we have another thousand years which is a millennium. As far as God's concerned, the whole program takes two weeks and we're gone. That's pretty easy, you know. But he was a he's a master of extremes. He made things that are too big for us to be able to understand and he made things that are too small for us to be able to see. An atom is so small that it's smaller than the light wave of light. So you can never photograph it because it it fits in between the waves. You you can't actually get it to see it. And the the stars and so forth are so far away. The closest one is 4.25 light years away. And a lightyear is six trillion miles. So 6 trillion miles times 4.5 uh you know 25 trillion miles away to the closest star. It's out of reach. No matter how fast your car is, it's out of reach. So he made things like that for a reason because I'm not you're not supposed to discover me like that. But he says through his word he's going to make himself known. I had written here the one just to give an idea one grain of sand has 10 quintilion atoms that's 10 with 20 zeros. It's it's 1,000 trillion trillion atoms in one grain of sand. Wow. It's like why do they have to be so small? But he knows. Amen. But you know he didn't have to think about that. That wasn't what was on his mind. He knew how to do that. But he was thinking of you. He was thinking of me. Amen. Because what he wanted, he was lonely. He was alone. He didn't want to be alone. And that's why he said to Adam when he made Adam, he said, "Adam, it's not good for you to be alone." And Adam's like, "I know. I I get that." You know, he says, "But the the answer to Adam's loneliness was in him." Because he was made in the image of God. The answer to God's loneliness was in him. Amen. The bride that you see being expressed today is is that attribute that was in Jehovah God before the foundation of the world. Amen. Now from our perspective, we identify ourselves by our choice, by our decision. We say, "Oh, I I recognize this the truth. I choose to serve the Lord." But that's not really what happened because all it is is that we're the attribute that was in him before the foundation of the world. the word part of us can't help but respond to the word in due season. Amen. And that's what's that's why Jesus said all that the father have given me will come. That there's not any going to be left out. There's not any that's not going to come because uh it's just part of him that is being expressed in in this day. Amen. But you know back then the Lord wasn't satisfied just to see uh how's it going to be and who's going to come. He played the tape forward. He saw you. Amen. And he saw me before the foundation of the foundation of the world. Before there was anything here, he saw us and he said, "I predestinate them. I predetermined their destination before the foundation of the world." Amen. And the scripture says that that God is love, but to be love, he had to have a recipient of his love. That's right. And that was what he looked forward in time. He said, "That's my the recipient of my love is my bride, my wife." Amen. And that's why he was thinking of us. I believe he was enjoying the moment maybe for a billion years. Brother Renham says here, "Watch carefully now and see this. Before there was even a speck of stardust and he was known only as the eternal spirit, the bride was already in his mind." Amen. Yes, she was. She existed in in his thoughts. And what are about those thoughts? Thoughts of God, they are eternal, are they not? God is infinite in his abilities. So therefore, as God, he must be omnisient. And if he's omnisient, then he's not now learning, nor is he taking counsel even with himself. Nor is he even nor is he at any time adding to his knowledge. He's omnisient. He's never had a new thought about anything. Because all his thoughts he has always had and always will have and he knows the end from the beginning because he's God. Amen. And Jeremiah 29:11 says,"For I know the thoughts that I think towards you, sayeth the Lord. Thoughts of peace, not of evil, to give you an expected end." Amen. Expected end. That's predestined. Predestination. Amen. All right. Now, for the Lord to allow us to come here on free moral agency, he had to allow us to have a choice. And to have a choice, there has to be at least two options. That right? two options has to be. So because he is everything that is good, everything that's pure, everything that's lovely, everything that's honest. That's one end of the spectrum. He says, "But I've got to make another end of the spectrum. I've got to have an enemy. I've got to have somebody that is everything other than what I am." Amen. And that's why he allowed the sa Satan to be so that people would have a choice. So for the bride to have a choice so that he can say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." Because if you don't have a choice, what what's well done? There has to be something. You had an option to go the wrong way and you go the wrong way. Brother Brandon when he was here and the Lord says to him and Danny Henry's uh prophecy, you know, you you've chosen of your own choosing my way. Well, you know, I think the Lord was pretty convincing to Brother Random that he go that way. He put a lot of pressure on him that he went that way. But he then commended him for his choice. And he tells the same about Moses and so forth. And the Lord sometimes has to deal with us and put us under a lot of pressure sometimes to get us to choose the way that that is his way because he has an eternal goal in mind for you and me. He says they have to be there. Heaven can't be the same without one. They have to be there. And sometimes he has to allow things that puts a pressure on us because if we're the gene seed of God, we're going to be there. But only the bride would make the choices that we make. Everybody else will either choose worldliness or organized religion. Brother says they're the two things that catch people. Worldliness or organized religion. But the bride shuns those things that we might take the word of the hour. Amen. All right. So when when the Lord had to make this uh as I say open the spectrum, he says, I form the light. I create darkness. I make peace. I create evil. I the Lord do all these things. Amen. And the reason that he did it because he had lots of attributes in him that he wanted to express. He wanted to be a savior. Somebody had to be lost. He wanted to be a healer. Somebody had to be sick. He wanted to be a comforter. Somebody had to need the Holy Ghost. He wanted to be a husband. He had a wife. He wanted to be one of many brethren and so forth. But all these different attributes in him, it required a theater of conflict. It it it required to have a a a war zone where he could bring these things out and where you could become an overcomer as I said and um the the Bible says that he knew that man is frail. He knew he says in Psalm 103:13 like a father he pityth his children. So the Lord pityth them that fear him for he knoweth our frame and he rememberth that we are dust. And then the scripture goes on to say that he saw that there was going to be no man that could actually be the savior. No man could actually be the interse. He had to come himself cuz no one else is going to be able to do it. He's got to come himself to bridge this gap. Amen. But when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord's going to raise up a standard and that's going to be in you and I. The prophet tells us in the unveiling of God, he says uh he said it's the same God all the time down through the ages. He's just changing his form a morphe. He changes it. It's a great drama to him. He's just acting it out. We've got a part. We're We're just acting it out because this is not really who we are. We'll talk about that in a minute. The hardest thing that God ever had to do, I've talked about some difficult things. What's the hardest thing? What was the hardest? Which was the most difficult star? Which was the most the hardest thing that God ever had to do? The prophet said, "Man is God's agent." And the hardest thing that God has ever had to do was to get one mortal to believe another. It's it's God. Man is God's agent. That's right. You say, you know, when they saw Jesus, they just saw uh a little man, no beauty that she could desire him, right? But he was speaking the words of life. And some people caught it. And when the 5,4,988 walked away, he said to the disciples, "Are you going to go too?" Peter says, "To whom shall we go?" there has the words of eternal life that something had captivated them. They weren't even born again yet, but something had captivated them that the word that was being spoken, we we need that. We need that. Amen. And John uh 13:20 says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me." Amen. That's what the bride does. Catches that. We recognize although this is a man, he said a prophet, he was a man, but yet the words that he was speaking was the words of God. And when we receive that, when we embrace that, the seals are literally broken to us personally. Amen. That's when we come into that invisible union with Christ. And we see not only see him, but we see who we are and the purpose that he has for our lives. All right? So by design, revelation is the only way that a mortal can ever comprehend the infinite mind of Almighty God. But we battle every day being human. And brother Ram says that right up until the day of the rapture, we're going to still make mistakes, mistakes, do things. Oh, shouldn't have done that. Shouldn't have said that. Oh, wasn't thinking. It's like that frustrates me. Does it? You know, it's we're it's a pest house. he called it. See, so we've got that all the time. And often the devil will use those things to try and discourage us and disappoint us because we don't feel like eternal creatures. Just let's be honest, we don't feel like what we believe we are. Amen. We just feel like we're human. We can't even think in eternal terms. We we have would have trouble thinking in uh everlasting terms. If you think Adam, he lived everlasting life. every day was the was the same as the day before. Nothing deteriorated. If he even built something, it didn't rot away. It was just that was everlasting, which would be great. But we would have trouble even understanding that. But ever but eternal terms, God never had a beginning and he never has an end. Amen. We can't understand that. But the prophet says when we get to the other side, we won't be able to understand this. We He said, you won't even understand the concept of getting old. That's right. But here we're very much bound by that. But when we're over there in eternal terms, it's not even we we couldn't even understand him. Praise God. See, it's just a different way of thinking. Amen. God's understanding is unlimited. There's never a situation which he goes, "Oh, that's a bit too complicated." Oh, too many things at once. Don't all pray at once. It's too much. It It never can be. It's infinite. Yeah. no limit. But he put us here in an impaired form in in a in a in a hobbled form. We're it we're not actually who we are destined to be. That's right. If we were here in our theophony form or if we here even better still in our glorified body, his word could never be tested in us. It couldn't be because we would just automatically believe it. That's right. If you're thinking in eternal terms, it it just makes sense. Amen. But our lack of comprehension is not an oversight by God. It's by design. I I kind of I was reading there in Job in uh Eloh is talking about the ostrich and he's kind of using it as a bit of a type for us. And he says, "God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted unto her understanding." And to us, that's what he's he's impaired our understanding because uh he he's done it for a reason. Firstly, you can never work him out. You can never say, "Oh, yes, I I understand God. I can I can understand it all." I It reminds me, Brother Brennham uh was telling Brother Perry Green once about some scales that he had for reloading uh cartridge shells for his rifle. And uh he had this very very accurate sense of set of scales and he put two pieces of paper on the scales and they balanced. And then he took one off and he drew a little line on with a pen and he called it a scratch. And he put that on the scales again. And the weight of the ink caused the scales to come down. Just a scratch. But I just say that to think our understanding is like that scratch compared to on the other side the infinite knowledge of God. the whole weight of the universe may be on that side compared to the scratch. We can't work them out. Amen. So that's that's not no worth not worth doing that. But this life is just a shadow. In Isaiah 55:9 it says, "For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways than your ways and my thoughts than your way than your thoughts." Amen. This life, I said, is just a shadow, but it's not who we really are. The scripture in 1 John 3:2 says, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God." Not we're going to be the sons of God. Now are we the sons of God. But yet it does not yet appear what we shall be. But we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him. For we shall see him as he is. If you think, imagine what what the Lord Jesus looked like on Mount Transfiguration. That was him in his glorified form. He he his garment shone. He his face was radiant. the uh Peter, James, and John fell at his feet as dead. That's actually who he is. When they saw him in just in his human flesh, that's not who he really was. When he is in his glorified form, that's who he really was. He says, "Now, when you see him, you're going to be like that." Amen. Wow. We don't feel like that. That's not how it feels. But you know what? When Jesus was here as a man, he didn't feel like God. He did not He felt like you and me. And even when he was the fullness of the godhead bodily, he did not feel like he was Jehovah God. No. The Bible says Jesus wept. Brother Brandon says not only did he weep, he says of all the human emotions he manifested the most when he appeared as the son of man was this one. He wept often. Yet behind that weeping and that sorrow, there was still God. Amen. And as he was growing up, you know, when he was born a little baby, he didn't have uh the understanding of how he created the universe. But at as time went on and he read the scripture, when he started to grow up by the time he was 12, he knew who he was and he was disputing with the elders, asking what did David say this about Christ and why he's asking questions about himself. But between when he was born and the age of 12, there must have been a day when it struck him who he was. The amnesia of humanity broke away. And he looked out the window and went, "Wow. I created all this. He's not another person. That's him. I created all this." But if you'd asked him, "How did you create everything?" He would have said, "I don't know. I don't by the spoken word but other than that I don't know see he just felt like a man most to most people he just seemed like an ordinary man brother says in Jesus Christ the same yesterday day and forever 1957 the people of that day could not comprehend how him being a man could be God. How that an ordinary man without not even a forceful preacher. The Bible says his voice was not heard in the streets and there was no beauty we should desire him. He could not present himself maybe as a minister as an educated or smart could see and he said the son can do nothing in himself in his humanity. He was as weak as we are and he felt like that but yet he was really gone. You know, if if I was designing it, even when a man is born again, he'd be a superman. Wow. Because if we're born again, we're filled with the spirit of Elohim. Jehovah God is in us. Wow. He would, you know, strut around and what do you need? You know, just like anything, just ask, you know. See, that's how humanly we would think. And then him being the fullness of the godhead bodily, you'd say, "Wow, he would just always be like Mount Transfiguration." He would have walked down the streets and the scribes and Pharisees would have hidden away from him because of his glory. But that's not how it was. He had to walk as a man. He had to work. He had to hide himself when they were when they were trying to stone him. And when they said, "When are you going to come again?" He said, "I don't know. Only the father knows." Wow. seemed so finite, so human. Brother Rim says even when he went via Samaria, he he said he didn't actually know why he was going other than he'd seen a vision to go to the well and there was a woman going to come out, but he didn't know what was wrong with her. And he goes and he's he's there and he has to talk to her. He says, "You have, brother says, you have to believe me on this." But he says, "But he was talking to her to catch her spirit to find out what her problem was." Just like a prophet. Yeah. And when he was carrying his cross, he was too weak to carry it and he collapsed just like a human. You know, he did make a man that could carry the gates of Gaza once, but he didn't give that strength to himself. When Jes when he was here, the Bible says that Jesus did only that that pleased the father. And what that means is he deferred his natural thinking to his eternal thinking. He said, "Not my will but thine be done." Three times he prayed in the garden of Gethsemane, "Oh father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me. Nevertheless, not my will but thine be done." Amen. Amen. And brother tells us that Jesus is God. He just says straight out. It's just Jesus is God. But he he was he was the uh eternal father but he said I come from God. He had to become flesh to fulfill the part and I return to God. Amen. But as a man he was tempted at all points like us. As a man he had to become an overcomer as an example for us. And then he died to make a way back for us. Amen. And as a man he conquered death, hell and the grave and rose again. But you know when he rose on the third day and ascended back he ascended to the father's throne and we'll talk about that just in a minute here. It was a position of father which is spirit but he was no longer limited to human thinking and it was then that the full revelation of who he actually was came to him. He did know in his mind who he was because that was revealed when he is here. But but when he rose again, the full revelation of who he was came to him. And it's that we see that in Revelation 1:1. It says the revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him. It was fully revealed to him. And he says to show unto his servants the things which must shortly come to pass and send sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John. He's now telling us things. He's telling his wife, his bride, things that he himself didn't know. We're we're knowing things now in our flesh that he couldn't know in his flesh. It's true. The seal's open now. Amen. Things have been revealed. Brother Brandham says here in uh the Sardian church age, he says Jesus said all power in heaven and earth is given unto my hands. He said all the power. He says then God is powerless if he's another person. For the Bible said, Jesus said after his resurrection, all power in heaven and earth, heaven and earth both was given into my hand. Amen. God is powerless if he's another person. I like the way the prophet says things. All right. And then uh in be not afraid he says he climbs so high into glory into power and glory until he sits on the father's throne and looks down and there's not even a sparrow can fall in the street without him knowing it. He knows how sick you are. He knows your doubts and your frustrations. We're in a terrible storm but don't be scared. There's someone watching you. He said which one? The one that broke the bread. The one that knowed Peter and called him by his name. The one that told the woman of her sins. The one that touched the hem. For the woman touched the hem of his garment and told her a blood issue had stopped. The one who perceived the thoughts of the mind. He hasn't laid down in the grave so he can't see you. But he's climbed into glory and he can see even a sparrow that falls in the streets. Revelation 18 says, "I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end, say the Lord, which is and which was and which is to come, the Almighty." Amen. when uh Paul was on the road to Damascus as Saul and that light, the pillar of fire struck him down. He says, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" And Saul says, "I see a pillar of fire. That's Jehovah God." That's right. Persecuting him. I thought I was serving him. He said, "Well, who who are you, Lord?" He says, "I'm Jesus." who they whom they are persecutors. Who was the Jesus that Paul was persecuting if that was the Jesus up there? Amen. It was Jesus in the people. Amen. That he was persecuting. That's right. And the prophet said, "It's the same today." Amen. That's right. What a great shock that must have been for the apostle when he said, "I am Jesus, the very one that he was persecuting." Why persecutest thou me? How could Paul then with all his intellect believe that this group that he was persecuting was the very God that he claimed to be serving? And he says, "And the same thing is happening today." Amen. Remember, he's still a pillar of fire. When he's on earth, he said, "I come from God and a return to God." All right. Now, to bring a balance, brother Ren says some interesting things. He says, "Now, Jesus could not be his own father and neither can Jesus have a father. Sounds like a paradox because he said then there'll be three gods because if he's got a father and the father is another besides him and the holy ghost is another one he's an illegitimate child but it's Jesus was Melkazedc remember he was a prefigure of Jesus and it said he was without father without mother without beginning of days or ending of life it was Jesus but Jesus in the man in the physical form could not be his own father but he was an expression a human expression or the image the Bible says in Hebrews of the invisible God. So God he came from God he he formed for himself a body as a blood cell in the womb of Mary. He then stepped into that body which was human and then he fulfilled uh the redemption through Calvary and then he said and he returned back to God again the eternal spirit. Praise the Lord. All right. And then he poured himself out as the Holy Spirit in the church. And he said, "I will not leave you comfortless. He's not going to send a different one." He said, "I will come to you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you." In the uh Ephes Ephesians church age, brother says, "Now you'll notice when Jesus is walking alone in the midst of the churches, there's no one else with him. Neither indeed can there be, for he alone wrought her salvation. And having purchased her with his own blood, he owns her. He is her lord. Speaking of the bride and master, she gives him all the glory. And that glory he will not share with another. There's no pope with them. There's no archbishop with him. Mary, the mother of his earthly body, is not with him. He does not speak and turn to a father, for he is the father. He does not turn and give orders to a holy spirit, for he is God, the eternal spirit. Amen. And it is his life that's flowing and pulsating in the church giving her life. And without him there would be no salvation. There would be no life. And there because salvation is of the lord. Amen. So why does he say he sits now? The scripture says he sits on his father's throne. Because brother Rim tells us the father's throne is in the human heart. Amen. He's here as the holy spirit. That's where he sits now. He sits in his father's throne. But in the millennium he's going to sit on his own throne. And what that means is that when in the millennium we'll be in glorified bodies. Amen. He will be here. And the prophet says that we could shake his hand. He's going to be a man in a glorified body. And we're going to be men and women in glorified bodies forever more. Amen. And that's why it says he will sit on his own throne. It's not a different person. It's a it's a different uh manifestation that we're talking about. Amen. Amen. He says he he's now he's sitting on his father's throne. In other words, he's sitting in God's power in spirit now. But when he comes back, he'll sit on an earthly he'll sit in an earthly body. Hallelujah. On David's throne, he's sitting in the majesty of father. Now when we say father, it's Jesus. It's the spirit of God by the holy spirit in us. Now he's on the father's throne, right hand of majesty. We use the body name Jesus Christ who appeared the Holy Spirit which is God. Whatever you ask the Father in my name that'll do for I and the Father are one. Amen. He says, "And he will return in his body again and he will sit on a literal throne, a man that will eat and drink, shake hands. Glory." He says, "Now I've said all that to say this. Whatever we know about the Lord is what we should know about us because we are made in the image of God. Amen. Right from the beginning, the the way that he set it up, he made Adam and so forth and and it had to express Eve out of him. Uh was for a purpose that we would we would get the picture. When he was here, he had to walk the earth in a natural body and he had a human spirit that he could think in. is thinking, "I have a will. I'd like to live. I'd like to stay here. I've got friends. I'd like But I have to let this thinking go." That's right. To hear from his eternal thinking, the theophony. Amen. We have a physical body, but we also have a theophony. The body that's waiting for us. If we would die from here, we would go to that theophony. But then the prophet tells us that when the rapture takes place, the for those that are living here, the theophony comes to you. But when our theophony and this body combine, that's the glorified body. Amen. And that's what we'll be in forever more. Praise the Lord. Now, often we fail to realize the power that's been vested in us by the revealed word of the hour. Brother Ren says here 1963, he cares to you. He said the visions on the platform in the audience, you are doing that yourself. He said it isn't God. If the prophet hadn't said this, you wouldn't believe me, right? But this is the prophet. He said, you are doing that yourself. It isn't God. It's you. God doesn't produce that vision. You do it yourself by your faith in a divine gift. That's why I say in this in the other realms things are taking place that often we we don't we don't fully comprehend. We don't understand. He says like the woman that touches garment he didn't know who she was or what was wrong with her but she did that herself. Amen. Faith in a divine gift. Faith in the revealed word of the hour. It has power in it. Amen. Now the prophet says the difference between him Jesus and you as a son he was at the beginning the word which is theophony the amorphe body he came and lived in that in the person of MelkiseDC. Later we never heard no more of MelkiseDC because he became Jesus Christ. MelkiseDC was the priest but he became Jesus Christ. Now he says now you bypassed that because in that form he knowed all things and you've never been able to know that yet. You came like Adam like me. You became from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted. But when this life is finished here, it's if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved. We have one already waiting. That's where we go. That's the word. And then the prophet says Jesus, he came right down the regular line. But it's interesting because he was the only one that came the regular line. You know, normally if you talk about something that's regular, that's what most people do. He is the only one who came the regular line because he said he came right down the regular line from attribute before the foundation of the world. His name was put on the lamb's book of life and from that he became the word the theophony that could appear and disappear and then he became flesh and returned right back again resurrected the same body in a glorified condition. But you bypassed the theophony to become a flesh man to be tempted by sin. Amen. And then he just goes on to explain what I did about if we pass from here. But you know when brother Rena went beyond the curtain of time and he saw those people that were there in their theophony, they were there in a different level of thinking than even the prophet was because he went there and they were telling the prophet. That's not normally the way around. The prophet tells the people, but the people were telling the prophet. Amen. Because they were in a different level of thinking. Amen. And he was there and he was in he looked at his hands. He says, "I'm young." He said he felt up. I've got hair. He could think in that realm. And he could work things out. He looked his body and he said, "Oh, I must have died. Must have been a heart attack." And he goes, "Oh no, the body's moving. I'm still alive." But he's thinking in this realm, but there's a human body back there that has human thinking. Amen. But it's still one person. And when we talk about Jesus being a man and he has eternal thinking, it's still one person. We're made the same way. Yeah. I think that's a great thing that we just have an understanding of these things. Now, I believe when we get to the other side and we're in glorified bodies and we have eternal thinking, we we actually have access to the infinite mind of Jehovah God, I don't think we will always uh live in that realm where we thinking in eternal terms. And I tell you like this, if I was saying to brother Chad, I says, "Uh, I was just thinking, Brother Chad," and he goes, "I know." Well, well, don't the Yes. You say, "Yes, the flowers do look beautiful." Huh. Have you ever wondered no there would be no point in fellowship. So it's not going to be like that. We're going to be so much like we are now. But yet we will have access to the eternal mind of almighty God. When Jesus came and he came back in his glorified form. He's walking to with the two on the road to Emmas. He was so human that they didn't recognize that he wasn't. Amen. He's just walking along, asking them questions unfolding. You know, when he was here the first when when he was here before the resurrection, he talked to them only in parables. All right? Only in parables. And now that he's risen from the dead and he's walking with them and they don't recognize them, he's walking along there and he's telling them things and he's he's expounding the scripture from the time of Moses and all the prophets, the things concerning himself. Those two must and says their heart was burning within them. They must like, "We've got to get this preacher to our church, man." He's just breaking it down who Jesus was. And it's like, "This is we've got to get him to come back, you know, until he did something that they recognized. It's actually him. That's who it was." And then they rushed back to tell the story. See, but as far as they were concerned for that whole trip, he was just a man, but he was actually the glorified Lord. Yeah. And when he met the disciples on the on the shore of Galilee and they were fishing and he says, "Uh, have you got any meat?" And they said, "No." He says, "Put the net on the other side." That should have been a little heads up to them. Like, uh, somebody else said this once before. They put the net on the other side. 153 fish. And they So, John says it's the Lord. They recognize. So, off they go. And they see him. But when they start talk, when they get there, he's cooking fish. That's right. He's having a cookup on the beach. Almighty God. Yeah. And he says, "Hey, don't don't lose the fish. Bring those other fish, too. It's very human interactions. Heaven is going to be great. It's going to be it's going to be human interactions, but there's not going to be any of the negative." But all of the positive. The the things that we enjoy are just going to be magnified. And the things that are negative, we'll never even remember anymore. Amen. I can't wait. I'm looking forward to that time. Amen. Okay. Now, God and his people, we must be transformed now. Is everybody still with us? Sorry, I'm probably going a little long, but I trust you're still with us. Amen. We want to see him in us. We've seen him in his universe. We see him in his word. We see him in his son. But we want to see him in us. Amen. And before we can do that, we must think as he thinks. Amen. He must transform us from the amnesia of our natural thinking to his eternal thinking. The Romans 12 uh 2 says, "Be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God." Amen. God has a program for bringing something from nothing into existence. And it starts off being a thought and then it becomes a word and then it becomes a reality. That's how he has always done things. And we must follow the same sequence. Firstly, we're in the thoughts of God. We're in the mind of Christ to begin with. And when then we must have the mind of Christ. And then we become the word made flesh. The prophet tells us. And that's when it says now thou must prophesy again. So we've gone from being just a thought to thinking his thoughts. The mind that's in Christ be in us. Now we start to his words in us and we start to prophesy again. Amen. And then the next the final stage there's going to be a transformation of this flesh and we'll be caught up to be with him. The physical realm is going to be changed. Amen. The prophet says in the power of transformation 1965, now that we have been saved as we are. So we say yes, we're saved. And now that we've been filled with the Holy Spirit as we have, we think we've arrived. But he says there's another there's another step. Now we want the mind that was in Christ to be in us. We want to we need to think as he thinks that we might be transformed from the natural things of life to be brought back to do the perfect will of God by the transformation of God's spirit by his word. Amen. And that's what revelation is is catching the mind of Christ, the infinite mind of God. Job 32:8 says, "But there's a spirit in a man, and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding." We need that inspiration. Brother says, "We need to pray for revelation more than anything else to catch that revelation, you know. And if we've really given our hearts to the Lord, we we've been baptized in his name and we've done what he asked us, uh, repented of our sins and so forth, the amnesia of humanity starts to break away." Amen. It's not how we feel, but it's but the revelation of it strikes deep within us. I'm a CG of Almighty God being expressed in 2025. Wow, what a thought. He says, "You're standing completely." This is the invisible union. Brother Brennan preached this actually the day that I was born. The invisible union. You're standing completely. You never sinned in the first place. You can't get to that point with natural thinking. That's right. Yeah. This quote would be of no use to you if you're only going to use human thinking. That's right. You never sinned in the first place. God don't even know. I thought God was an infinite mind. He says the infinite mind of God does not know. That's right. About your sin if you've been redeemed. It's in the sea of forgetfulness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser, but really from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. You're standing there washed. Your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead. Absolutely out of existence. Even in the mind of God, you're the virtuous bride of Christ, washed in the blood of Christ. Amen. What a thing. We just got to accept that by faith because in the human mind, you can't get to that position. Amen. We need to accept what he has made us to uh to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he has made us accepted in the beloved. In Philippians 2:5, this is the scripture I want to get to. He said, "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God." He didn't think it was robbery to be equal with God because he was God. But now he says you need to think like this. The mind that was in Christ be in you. Think like this. It's not robbery to say that you're equal with God. If you're actually part of God. The the bride is uh is not a creation of God. She's an expression of God. Amen. She she he was the only begotten son, but the bride was in him when he was begotten. So, she was also begotten of God because she was in him. And it's just an expression of God that is being made manifest. Amen. That's why we're joint ears with Christ. Joint just the same. He She can write the check, he can write the check. It's the same joint ears with Christ sitting with him in the throne. And that's why the prophet said, "Oh, if the church only knew its position." But I'm glad he said the next line. He says, "And it will one day. We're we're stepping right into the vision. Amen. Then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. And he says another the unconditional covenant that God made with his people. He says, "Oh, that makes the devil so mad." Sure does when you realize who you are. Amen. That's the revelation. That's the whole point. He's wanting to make himself known to us that we would come to find out that we are kind of his kind. Amen. We're becoming all that he is. God cannot marry a different species. That's right. It's got to be kind of his kind. Mrs. Jesus Christ is like him. And just as brother Ram preached, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. So the bride is part of the mystery of Christ revealed. It's we start to see if when we first read the Bible, I was talking to brother Chad about this the other night. If you when we first read the Bible, it's like two books. the old the Old Testament that's about Jehovah God and it's about uh the law and it's about Israel and then the ne the New Testament oh that's about Jesus and that's about grace and it's about the Gentiles but then when you read the Bible again in the light of the message when you first come to the message brother Ram says it's the revelation of Jesus Christ from cover to cover but then when you further read the Bible when the seals come off the book it's a love story oh all the way through It's him and her. Him and her. We start to see our part. And as brother says, well, mama, it's me. We see the reflection. This what he's talking about. It's not just talking about a God of history. It's talking about Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. The prophet says of the bride, it says the members of this virgin bride will love him. They will have his potentials. Wow. What are the potentials of almighty God of the infinite mind? Well, we can see quite a few quite a lot of evidence of the potentials being expressed. He says, "But she will have his potentials." Amen. Very good. Amen. The very thoughts of God expressed, that's the way he was in the beginning by himself. God dwelt alone with his thoughts. He'll never do that again cuz his thoughts are being made manifest. And that's why we're right here this day, God fellowshipping with his thoughts being made manifest. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, when Jesus came when he made his own fleshly body, it the the body itself was creation. It was taken from the creation. Mary ate food that was part of the creation and that formed his little body. And uh so brother says he actually became party to his creation. He he he made a pact with his creation by by coming in that form and he redeemed his creation at the same time. Amen. He became part of the dust of the earth to redeem the earth. Jesus came to redeem it back to the father. In order to do this, he had to become part of it. I've just went through that. He says from the very dust, the part that Jesus was himself being redeemed through him, all the attributes of God are redeemed with the earth. Amen. That's why he said he said it's fallen. It's in a fallen state. All of the whole earth is cursed. He says, "I'm going to become part of my creation so that I can even redeem the earth and make it back to how it was supposed to be." That's what he's done. Praise the Lord. Now, right now, we're getting close to the end. Just bear with me a little bit. But the the female attributes that were, say, in Adam to begin with could never have been expressed while they were in Adam. That's right. They were in there, but they were not expressed. But once Eve was taken from his side, and think of it like this, maybe she went out into the garden and she picked some flowers and she put them in a vase. And Adam goes, "That's nice. I never thought of doing that." Because it's something that was actually it was locked inside him, but it couldn't be expressed. And the Lord is looking if we're exactly the same in us. There's attributes in him, but he's looking on saying, "Oh, I like that. I like the way he did that." Brother Brandham, in the meeting, there was some people playing up in the background. And the Holy Spirit said, "You, whatever you say, that's the way it'll be." And he said, "I forgive you." And the Holy Spirit said, "That was the right thing to say." I like seeing that ex that attribute of me being expressed through the bride. That's what the Lord's looking for. Amen. And the third Paul is all about that. The manifestation of the third Paul. It was the creative power of almighty God now vested in a sinner saved by grace. Amen. He says it's no longer him. It's now her. Whatever you say, that's the way it'll be. Speak. Where do you want the squirrels? Said over there, there. There. When if brother Brendan never said a word, the squirrels would never come. But when he said, I'll have one there, there, there. He said little fish. Brother Brandon was not working himself up into some religious frenzy, you know, to to to to raise the life of little fish. It was not even in his mind. It was sovereignly given because now the thought of Jehovah God was in his his thinking. That the infinite mind was now being projected to him. And he he said, "Whatever you say, speak to little fish, give it back its life." He says, "In the name of Jesus Christ, I little fishy, I'll give you back your life." like that creative power, resurrection, miracle healing, control of nature, salvation or all things that only God can do. But now he's vested it back in his bride. And brother says those things which are manifest, which was seen in a temporary way, it it won't be done in a great way now until that squeeze comes on and then what you've seen done temporarily will be manifest in the fullness of its power. The bride is stepping right into that and we're right there right now. I'll read it to you just so you've got it here. He says, "Now their third Paul's been vindicated." I'm sure you know what it is. And he's talking about the manifestation of it here. Uh, just for the record, the third Paul is three parts. One was the opening of the word. The second is the manifestation of the spoken word, which is those five five gifts. And the third part is preaching to the souls that are in prison, souls that are in hell that never can be saved anymore. They've crossed the line. So, but this here what he's talking about is the manifestation of the third Paul, the the spoken word. He says, "Now, it's been vindicated. I'm sure you know what it is." Now, remember, there will never be any impersonation of that cuz it can't be. See, it cannot be. Now, it's just in it's in existence. And I've been warned of this that soon, right at this time now, it's just happened so it could identify its presence among you, but it will not be used in a great way until a council begins to tighten up. And when it does that, the the Pentecostals and so forth can almost impersonate anything that can be done. But when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you'll see what you've seen temporarily be manifest in the fullness of its power. Amen. Now, I've heard people even the message say to me, "Oh, we we do that already. We speak things into existence. We speak things and prophesy and so forth." But you think Brother Brandham's ministry, he had he had many great miracles. The blind eyes were open. The deaf hear. dead were raised. Many so many thousands and th He didn't call any of that the third Paul. Amen. That's right. In fact, all of those things would be things that brother Brandham would have desired a blind person to get their he wanted that blind person to get their sight and he prayed for them. So, but all of the five manifestations, brother Brandham was not actually asking God, please give me squirrels. Please create squirrels. It it was not in his thinking. That's right. And brother Ram says, "You see, it was sovereignly given. It was sovereignly given." He said, "You speak and it'll be." So that's what's still before us. Amen. We're walking right into that. And uh another part there, he talks about the tent vision there. And we're having we chat about this the other night, too. But the tent vision in there, Brother Brandham talks about that on the on the platform is a little wooden building. And in the scripture, wood uh represents humanity. It's astounding to me that Jehovah God who covers all space of all places of all times he wants to unite with us while we're in this finite form while we are well we can't actually understand what why we we can't actually do very much but he says but it's in that form that I want to unite with you in the humanity he said they went in crippled and and all sorts of ailments individually into that little wooden building. They came out well. They came out changed. That's right. Amen. They came out sealed for eternity. Not just under the umbrella of the message, but an individual relationship with him, the word changes a life. And if we say, "Well, we're in the message, but is the message in us?" Brother said, "We're not to come together to talk about the message. We'll come together to get in the message." And the message is Christ. Amen. We want that to be in us. I've often said this at home, but if we were the last man standing, if we were the last one believing this message, would we still stand? If it's in us, to whom shall we go? There has the words of eternal life. We can't go anywhere because it's a reality. It's it's a revelation that's been made known to us. Amen. All right. He says, "Can't you see where we're standing? The life is in the grain again. Just exactly like the same grain that went into the ground which was Jesus. The same Jesus in bride form. The same power, the same church, the same thing, the same word. Amen. If we could just see that and he says he says we are his victory. That's right. Amen. So what what is the greatest victory that the Lord could ever have won? You know people say, "Oh, it was at Calvary." Well, Calvary, he purchased something. But something was on his mind when he was at Calvary. Amen. You know, if you were going to buy something, maybe a big item like a a car, and you you have a lot of money, you put the money down to buy the car. You've actually made a decision that the car is worth more than the money to you. That that's the decision you're making. And that was exactly the decision that Jesus was making on Calvary. See, what I'm purchasing is of more value than my natural life. I willingly give that because I get her. For the joy that was set before him, he endured the cross because he purchased your salvation. He said, "I redeemed her. She's mine and she'll be mine forever more. I've predestinated her." Amen. We become his greatest work. And just like Hosea in the Bible, he saw something in his wife that she didn't see in herself. And he brought her back. Amen. The Lord seen something in us that that humanly, if we're honest, we can't see in ourselves. But he's seen that and he's brought us back because we were part of him from the beginning. Amen. Amen. So that Ephesians 5:20 27 says that he might present to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that they should be holy without blemish. Praise the Lord. You know, he's so in love with his bride. Amen. He is. He loves you. He's waited an eternity for you. Amen. He's been watching you, preparing you, thinking of you throughout the eternities. In Zephaniah 3:17 as we close, he says, "The Lord thy God in the midst of thee. He is mighty. He will save. He will rejoice over thee with joy. He will rest in his love. He will joy over thee with singing." Can you imagine? The Almighty God is going to be singing because of his bride. Thank you, Lord. of all that he could have and all that he can create on his mind from before the foundation of the world was you rolling stars of his hand that wasn't a big deal but you were on his mind and brother Rom says then that our understanding will change from being partial realization to complete realization he says partial realization will be made perfect realization complete realization we here we've been looking through a glass darkly but soon it'll be face to face. We've been going from glory to glory, but soon we'll be right in the glory. In his glory, we'll shine. We shall be like him. One day we'll be changed in the atoms. We will put on immortality. We will be all swallowed up in life, he says. And then we will realize realization. Amen. Only then will we fully comprehend the infinite mind that's been thinking about us from before the foundation of the world. And you know, there's things that we we think, well, when I get over there, I'm going to ask him why did this happen or why did it happen? You know, we won't even have to ask because when you're thinking in infinite mind terms, it'll go, that makes a lot of sense. I know now why I had to go through that, you know, why why I had to be sick here or why this had to happen, different things. Oh, it'll just totally make sense because we're in a different realm of thinking. Amen. And you know I think it'll take eternity for him to unfold his glory. It will you know he every day there'll be something else you oh I did this and I did that you know if I make something in my workshop at home I I want to show my wife you know I get the one this is how I did it you know I think he'll be like that. He said, "Hey, come and maybe watch the film. You know, this is the beginning of creation or this is some supernovas. I smashed these things together and you know, we still see the evidence of it in space." Now, he he'll be interested in us being interested in him. Amen. He will. Just beyond the rapture, the king and queen are going to walk out together immortal. Then death is completely overcome. The final victory has been won when she walks out eternal. Amen. His master plan will have fully unfolded. Brother Brandham says the uh the three-fold purpose of God will be complete and he has finally fully expressed himself in his attribute bride. Amen. That's what he's doing right now. And you know what? Eternity is never going to be a lonely place ever again. But that's what he suffered. It's like I'm lonely. He's waiting for you. And Jesus prayed. The only prayer he prayed for himself was that they may be with me where I am. Amen. Praise the Lord. And so just a closing scripture, it says, "And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words." Amen. That's what we want to do. Maybe a few musicians would come. We'll just sing this song. I just uh said to brother Blake about it. We're going to sing Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now. who I am. If we've really caught a revelation, brother says, when you catch revelation, you're actually hearing from your theophony. You're hearing from your eternal part. Amen. That's what we want to do. And it changes us. It transforms us into his image. Amen. Maybe if you stand with us, we'll sing this song here. Oh, glorious victory. You've got the There we go. Verse one here. Amen. What a revelation. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and he made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his [Music] name. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now. who I am. I'm part of my savior. I'm part of his [Music] word. It's the revelation. It's predestination of who I am. Who I am. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my Savior, a part of you. It's a revelation. It's predestination of Amen. Praise God. How many of you are seeing more and more who you really are? Amen. When he was going through the infinite mind of God and a mind that can control how many I can't keep up with the numbers. atoms and stars and speeds and swirling and moving and motion and fast and God can keep all of that. You think he doesn't have our life under control? Amen. We can rest in him. He foresaw before the foundation of the world. And we are just as secure in Christ as we have ever been. Oh, it does me a world of good. May this revelation become the only reality we see. That's my prayer when I hear this. May this revelation become the only reality, the chief among all realities. May this be cuz it'll take away all anxiety, all fear, all of those things that lock us down. All the deception of the devil and all the tools that he uses to manipulate and control, this revelation will take it all away. Amen. I appreciate our brother very much. Amen. I am looking forward to the youth meeting. We got a youth meeting coming up this afternoon at 6:00 p.m. at uh Brother Benjamin, Sister Amanda Seabolt. So we we welcome all the youth there to see you there. So be in prayer for that. And also for Wednesday, Lord willing, we we'll have brother Tony again. Amen. And I'm looking forward to it. Amen. What a blessing the word was. We want to invite Brother Keaton and his family around back. If you want to make your way around back, we'll have the baptism here shortly. And also I forgot one other visitor that I forgot to welcome but sister Tibia from Germany is here visiting with us too. So God bless you. So brother Tony they've come from all over the world brother. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father we are so grateful Lord that we live in this generation in this time. Lord, for when you've told us that this is the darkest of all ages, Lord, when there's a complete blackout of apostasy in the churches, totally dark in the the Leodysian age. But God, you've chose this age to shine the brightest light in Satan's Eden when he's come to the pinnacle of his work of perversion. Lord, you are bringing the greatest revelation of all. You're revealing to us what was on your mind before the foundation of the world. What you were musing over the plan that you had had in your mind, the thoughts, Lord, that you wanted to fellowship with. And God, here we are, Lord. We're we're here manifesting what that thought really was. And for us, Lord, it can be so confusing sometimes and so overwhelming in the carnal mind. We can get so bogged down with life and so troubled, Lord, with so many conflicting thoughts and emotions within us and our humanity. But God, it's pleasing to you to reveal yourself even through this humanity. God, may you shift our thinking, Lord, from the human thoughts, Lord, to your mind, from the carnal to the supernatural, from the temporal to the eternal, so that we might take refuge, Lord, in your thoughts. we might take refuge in the eternal, Lord, and we might find our great victory, your victory in us and our victory in you. In those thoughts, Lord, that you've revealed in this end time. For God, you've opened up the mystery. You've taken away the veil. You've invited us into the back part of your mind, the thought you had of yourself before the foundation of the world, and we find ourselves there. Oh, what a consolation. What a victory. What a joy, what peace, what perfection is in that place. God, I pray that you would draw every one of your children into that place more and more. That we would stop looking around us, Lord, and and gaining all the information from what the senses are pulling in. But may you grant us revelation and may our understanding come from revelation of what reality truly is and what your plan really is and what your thought is and what it is you're truly accomplishing in our lives. God, may we walk out of these doors, Lord, more encouraged, Lord, more equipped, Lord, for the work that you have us to do, for your purpose in our lives. We love you. We thank you. We pray that you bless our brother Tony, that you would strengthen him again and encourage him once more as he comes to another fellowship, another meeting this evening. May you anoint him once again for that. And Lord, as we look forward to Wednesday, if there is a Wednesday, Lord, may you use our brother once again to feed us on the bread of life. And may these realities, Lord, become the greatest realities in our life. We commit ourselves to you. We thank you. We rejoice in what you've spoke to us, Lord. We ask your blessing now on it all in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you, Brother Blake. Well, what a mighty God we [Laughter] serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Well, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. What a mighty, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve once more. And what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way I must come. leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sand and alone. Fill my way every day with love. So fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my Savior and guide. Let me never in [Music] darkness. Keep my path with wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love and soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. Let me sing, blessed King, all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly love, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. God bless you all. Such a happy day for all of us who've watched Katon grow up. Seen him from the time he was a child and and he come to me Wednesday night and shared with me that he had felt the pull of God tugging at him and he wanted he wanted to identify with Christ. He wanted to give his life fully over and he wanted to be baptized in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ in obedience to the word and to the call. And so it's a great priv privilege for all of us to be able to witness this. So, brother Keaton, because you want to identify with Jesus Christ and you feel the call and pull of God and you want to answer that call and respond and you believe Jesus Christ and his atoning work on salvation purchased you back to God and you want to identify with him and testify to the world of what God's done for you. It's a great privilege for me to now baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Dear heavenly father, my brother Lord has responded to the call. You've pulled, you've drawn, and now he's come. He's come in obedience, Lord, to the instructions you gave, to the word that you've left. And God, I lay my hands on him as the apostles did of old. And I ask that you'd fill him with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. May you pour your life into him. And may you use his life for your glory. May you fill him. May you walk with him, walk in him, and may you use him to testify of this glorious word in this end time. I pray you hedge him about with your protection. May you shield him from all the fiery darts of the enemy. May he grow in grace and knowledge and understanding of you, Lord Jesus. And may he become your re your reflection in this body on this earth in this end time. I pray for it. And may he shine a bright light that others might follow and find their way to you. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Man, God bless you, my brother. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Reaching higher far than the brightest star. Sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. All the saints [Music] proclaim. What a lovely name. What a lovely, what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Reaching higher far and then the highest star. Sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim what a lovely name. I have a father he for my Lord. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. [Music] [Applause] He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I have a father. I have a [Music] father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a maker. I have a maker. before my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a father. I have a father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each steer that falls and hears me when I go. Just beyond the veil, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there. Just beyond the veil. Just beyond the veil. I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there. Just [Music] be beautiful. You are beautiful. You are beautiful. You are. You are beautiful. You are. You're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. Marvelous. You are marvelous. You are marvelous. You are. You are. Marvelous. You are. And just beyond the bed, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there, just beyond the veil. And just beyond the veil, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there just beyond the name. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] Here we go. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
