################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 250430 - Gabriel Smith Touched - Part 2 - Gabriel Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    250430 - Gabriel Smith: Touched - Part 2
Speaker:  Gabriel Smith
Church:   Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBsgbwx5ETI
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus, daily let me go. Oh, higher, higher in the soul of wisdom. More of grace to know. Oh yes. Deeper can I pray and higher every day and wiser blessed Lord to thy preious holy word. Oh, deeper, deeper. Blessed Holy Spirit, take me deeper still until my life is wholly lost in Jesus and his perfect will. Go deeper yet I pray and higher every day and wiser blessed Lord in thy preious holy word. Go deeper, deeper. Go across our trials. Deeper. Let me go. Oh, rooted in the holy love of Jesus. Let the fruitful grow. Go deeper. Yet I pray and go higher every day and wise. Blessed Lord in thy preious holy word. Go deeper higher every day in Jesus till all conflict pass. Oh finding conqueror and in his own image perfected at last. Go deeper yet I pray and wer every day and wiser blessed Lord. Oh in thy precious holy word in thy preious holy word. Amen. Oh, have you been beneath that fountain? For there's no other place to go. Oh, flowing down from Calary's mountain. Oh, it will wash. It will wash you white as snow. Oh, there's a fountain. There's a fountain fountain that is flowing from a place called Calary. And there is healing in its waters. And there is joy. There's joy and victory. Oh, have you been beneath that fountain? Oh, there's no other place to go. It's flowing down from Calary's mountain. Oh, it will wash. It will wash you white as snow and other waters will be bit for they cannot satisfy but this Mountain flows forever. Oh, and it never shall run dry. Oh, have you been beneath that fountain for there's no other place to go. Oh, flowing down from Calary's mountain. Oh, it will wash you white as snow. Oh, sing that chorus again. Oh, have you been beneath that fountain for there's no other place to go. Oh, flowing down from every fountain. And it will wash it will wash you white as snow. As the deer panteth for the waterers so my soul longeth after thee and you alone are my heart desire as I long to work. Let's just stand together as we sing that. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship me. And you're my friend and you are my brother even though you are my king. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. And you alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit. For you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Amen. God bless you all this evening. Greet you this evening in the name of the Lord. And uh I uh just uh wanted to uh send greetings uh from uh our pastor this evening. Um he called us when we was on the way to church and uh raspy voice and all and uh he uh he got three services left and preached six of them and uh he said he's praying for the assembly. Want to send his love and greetings to everyone and um I just want to lift him up in prayer. He said he was getting ready to try to get some rest, but he was going to be in prayer before he got some rest for us. So, certainly appreciate uh the heart of a pastor. Appreciate Brother Chad. And so we just want to remember him uh that God would bless uh bless his sleep, replenish his strength, he could uh finish the last stretch and come on back home, get back in the saddle and preach to us. So and so uh Sister Karen, well I tell you, Sister Karen, she she's a soldier. Hey, brother. you know, ain't a ain't going to keep her down. No, sir. Yeah. Look. And then, Brother Paul, you know I'm mad at you, brother. Oh, come on, brother. You done You done slipped in on me on a Wednesday, brother. You didn't send me no text or nothing, brother. Oh, brother. Praise the Lord. Hey, it's good to see you, brother. Good to see Good to see every one of you. And so, I uh I just got a little something on my heart. And uh I uh don't laugh at me now, but I'm going I'm going to set me a little timer here. And and uh so uh I I uh want to read um Hebrews again. Uh Hebrews chapter 4. Very familiar scripture. Thank you musicians. Uh Hebrews chapter 4 verse 15. Um for we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Amen. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. And I I'd like to read uh something brother Brandham says. Uh brother Brandham says in the unveiling of God 64. He says God in the beginning the eternal. He he wasn't even a god. He was the eternal. He he wasn't even God. God is an object of worship or something. See so he wasn't even that. He was Elohim the eternal. But in him was thoughts. He wanted to become material. And what did he do then? He spoke a word and the word was materialized. Now I I want you to capitalize on this. That's the whole picture. Amen. So So when when we uh if if we could be honest with ourselves when when uh when the preacher starts talking about three pools and seven seals and and we all get nervous. Come on, sis. Come on, brother. Right. And the preach and the preacher starts talking about seven seals and three pools and horizontal rainbow and you you all of a sudden start laying block and building walls, right? Cuz you right. Well, this is why I love the message cuz brother Brandham says the whole picture. Amen. The whole picture, right? From Genesis to Revelations is nothing wrong. It's Elohim materialized so he can be touched manifest what the the whole everything the whole as we say the whole kitten kaboodleoodle right the whole shebang lay it all out let's let it put it all on the table sir when we put it all everything we summarize it all seven seals three pools Daniel 7 is weeks and we got charts and diagrams and lay it all out. Seven church ages, right? Seven trumpets. Amen. Seven, right? Lay it all out. Elohim materialized so he can be touched field. And in the millennium there there is Elohim sitting on the throne. See, that's right. With all of his subjects round about him, that he predestinated before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. I'd like to speak to you this evening by the helper of the Lord on touched tomb. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we love you this evening and so thankful to be called by your holy name. And Lord, as we approach Lord, this service, this portion, just asking that Lord, I I I can yield myself, Lord, that you would be able to speak to your children. Truly, Lord, I I I don't want to be seen nor heard. I just pray that you would have the preeminence, Lord, that you could have full sway and get all the glory and your children would be blessed. We just want to look to you tonight asking your blessings upon each one Lord. Asking for our pastor that you just give him rest, refreshment. Bring him home safely, Lord. And asking that each one would receive of you tonight and that we would all leave this building closer to you and farther away from the world. We commit all these things into your hands and we ask these things to be so in the precious name, the unfailing name, the only name, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. You could be seated. Um, so I I I I love this quote. Um, you know, when I saw this, it just it is so beautiful to me. Um because a lot of times we as message believers uh we all know that there's depth to God's word and there's so many it's so dynamic in so many ways. But I but I love it uh when the prophet of God would make it uh so simple for us. That's what a that's what a prophet of God does. That's what ministry is supposed to do. And is that right? when when when Jesus broke the basket, broke the bread and and put it in the basket, the disciples, they they they the disciples are supposed to bring it down to the people so they can get them a piece, right? And so that's that's what we as ministry uh are supposed to do is and if it's if we got to make it complicated uh to to look revelated, then something's wrong, right? Because the ministry is supposed to make it plain. Uh, and so I to me it's it's things like that that just I hope everyone that deals with that fear because I'm sure I I'm not the only one that was afraid the first time somebody talk started talking about the seventh seal, right? in the three pools. And And so I I'm I'm uh honest enough to to be to tell you and and so um when I see things like that, it it it puts me at rest that that uh the whole plan, the whole picture from Genesis to Revelations, God Elohim, he just wanted to touch. He just wanted to feel you. You and and it's it's amazing when you start thinking about it, you know, that that you know, God is a spirit and and no man has seen God at any times. Uh only the the begotten uh uh son who's in the bosom of the father hath declared him. And so when when we think of God that that word that logos was made flesh and dwelt among us and and when we you would think that he when he created the three dimensions that we live in with time, space and matter that he would create the vast universe and and he would create it just so that he could be touched. You know because with God is a spirit but in you in him you was there. Amen. But even though you was in him, he was still alone. Right? That that's why when he when he would look at at Adam, Adam, he would have, you know, when he would look at Adam and he said, "It's not good that man be alone." God could look at Adam and this is maybe shocking, but God wasn't enough. That's right. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. And and God didn't come down in the evening and and rake Adam over the coals and say, "Where ain't enough?" Right? He He didn't say that because when when God would look at Adam, he would see himself, right? And and so remember, he's a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmities. So he understands the lonely nights. He understands the lonely moments when when when nobody understands. Amen. Right. When when when sometimes when we're we're in a church full of people and we feel all alone. Anybody ever been there? God understands. God knows what it feels like to be alone. And and the thing of it is you is young and old in those times of loneliness, don't let desperation buckle you. Amen. And and when we go through those lonely times, you know, disappointments be disappointments come in life. But remember, if if you would think about it, when when when you have disappointments that come in life, a lot of times it's because you have unrealistic expectations. Amen. And when when the expectation is set in such a way, we have to give God the liberty and freedom to do what he wants to do in our lives. Amen. And when you have that expectation set a certain way and then it doesn't then God doesn't meet your expectation. Hello somebody. So so we have to be mindful and give God uh uh uh space to do what he wants to do. Amen. Amen. You know, the thing of it is is, you know, um you know, when I when I first came into this thing, you know, the Lord, you know, um I waited, you know, let me just let me just say, you know, you young people, I know sometimes you get and anticipation and expectation and you want that ring, right? Can I get a little estrogen? Amen. Brother Gab, right? But but but you know under that listen you know when when when the Lord called called me you know I I come up the streets and so I I waited because I I thought Lord I I don't I certainly don't want to get involved with somebody and then me backslide and not only ruin my life but ruin somebody else's. Yeah, you know and and I think every one of us ought to have that same type of courtesy one to another. Amen. Right. Brother Brandham says if you have the right kind of love and if you if you really love somebody and that person would be happier with somebody else, you would want that person to go with that person and be get married to them and be happier. If is that right? Brother Brham said that's the right kind of love we're supposed to have. And if we don't have that right kind of love, then we have selfish love and we have selfish motives. And and there's still a level of immaturity in our lives that needs to be dealt with. Yes, sir. Because we live in a selfish age. We we live in a self centered where where it's all about me, myself, and I. Right. And and and too many times we have to be on we don't uh we aren't honest with ourselves. And if we aren't honest with ourselves, not only could we cause damage in our lives, but we can cause damage in other people's lives. So, brother Brad, brother Bradam tells us this. He says, he says, see, God came down and the character of God was Christ. He was a reflection. He was God made visible. God made biddenable. In the beginning was God. He wasn't even God. God is an object of worship. One thing he was eternal and in him was attributes sir and those attributes were thoughts and those thoughts were expressed to words and word was made manifest. What is it? It's all God becoming tangible. Amen. And you are part of God. Yes sir. And Jesus come to redeem those that were put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. It was God in thoughts. And that's what he come to redeem. And then as soon as it strikes to them, they see it. Amen. Look, as soon as it strikes them, they see it because the life is in there. Praise God. But if the life isn't there, then what can they do? See, they don't see it. They'll never see it. Amen. That's right. How is it that we see what we see? And we we could we we could somebody could be standing right beside us and we say, "Don't Wasn't you in the same service? What do you mean? Don't you didn't you didn't you see that? Didn't you hear that?" And and and they have criticism and critique, but you're listening for a different sound. See, how is that? Be because you're looking for the right thing. Listen, there is much to criticize because remember, we're dealing with fallen humanity, frailty of this flesh, but you have to be listening for a certain sound. That's right. Right. He says, he says the whole thing, they'll never see it. And the whole thing as Jesus said at the day, you'll know that I'm in the father and the father and me. I and you and you and me. The whole thing is God becoming material. Like a husband and a wife becoming one together. God and his church becoming one. Yes sir. So that's the reason why this world does not satisfy. You know many people can be satisfied with this world but there was always something in you it never did quench but when we come to the fountain right it was something different when I when I listen to this message to me it's more than life. That's right. Amen. And I I I'm you know I I'm I'm so grateful that God gave us ears to hear and a heart to receive because we live in an hour where where it's selfish self centered and and brother Brandham tells us that we have to be careful because of the age that we live in. He says now before before I click on this when I when I and no doubt you message theologians because I said a few key words. No, some of you know exactly where I'm going. Right? But here here's here's here's what I want you to be mindful of. Don't let this quote become common to you. And that's what we need to guard against because we can say and we've all been there already know where he's going, right? And then we start out preaching the preacher. Amen. And and and and we're here instead of here, right? cuz it it's not about wowing you with finding a new quote that nobody's ever seen. Don't get me wrong, I love doing that. Uh I know I'm humble and proud of it. I know. But so brother Bram says, "I want to give a warning right here. So if Moses was to come this evening and tell you, I want to give you a warning. What would you do? But we had a we had a prophet in our age that was sent to us that gives us a warning. And so if he gives us a warning, no matter how many times we've heard that warning, it ought to never become common to us. That's right. Amen. Amen. Be because here's the thing. Remember when what we're saying, we're not talking we're not talking about alcohol and we're not talking about drugs. We're not talk This is somebody that can be sitting that you'll never realize that they're under the effects of this last day spirit. That's right. Amen. Right. And so this is a warning that all of us need to take heed to. He says it concerning the last days that because of abounding iniquity, the love of many will wax cold and the lady who see the last self love and the love material things will take the place of the true good love of God. We need to guard against the power of sin in the last days. What is sin? Unbelief. Yes. Preach, brother. Sin is unbelief in God's word. And so remember, if if if all Satan wants you to do is is say, "Yes, the the the message is right." Right. Like like brother Bram talked about that man that that that that pastor, that minister could take that wheelbarrow and he could drive across the the road or that little thing and and that man said, "Yeah, pastor, I know you can do it." And I said, "I can put a log in." "Yeah, pastor, I know you can do it." And he said, "I can put you in it." And he goes, "Well, hey, hold on now." Right? He was all for it till he had to play a part in it. And then all of a sudden it was like, and that's exactly what the enemy wants all of us. We He's okay with you putting it on everybody else. But the moment you say that, I don't know about that. That is sin. That is unbelief. We are supposed to believe the full counsel of God. Every word of God, all the blessings of God is for us. And it has to be yay and amen. I And listen, I don't care how long you struggled with something, 20, 30, 40, 50 years. Don't ever give up. And don't ever lose your testimony of I am an overcomer. Amen. Don't do it. Don't give Satan the satisfaction. Yeah. Yeah. He says he says he says so many are getting so hard because they haven't realized the effect of the last day spirit. It it is the time to draw nigh to God and let them fill our lives with his love or we will feel the coldness of the last day church and reject the truth of God which alone is able to help us. Because of the coldness, people are becoming hardened. Amen. Right. Remember, we're talking about touch. Whose hands is he going to use? Amen. Thank you. Whose whose mouth is he going to use? Now, here's the thing. Watch. You can say, "Well, Brother Gabe, I'm not into all that touchy Philly stuff." Okay, listen. Well, I'm I'm not trying to push no weird doctrine, right? But what I am trying to say is if if you are one of those ones that that that you know want to do the quick half a second hug and all right, I did my Christianly duty. Right. Then listen, sometimes you got to look on the inside and go, God, why am I that way? You see what I'm saying? And that's that's what I'm trying to get you to see because it, you know, we can have all the seals laid out and all the church ages and be able to on a scroll and roll it down the aisle, right? But what what good does that do if if if you can't show me? Look, don't tell me you love me. Show me you love me. Like I want like when you hug me, I want to feel it. Hello. Right. When when when I when I sit across you and you sit across me, I want to feel that Holy Spirit. I I want I want I want to feel right. Hello somebody. But the problem of it is is we are afraid to open ourselves up, right? Because of why? Well, brother Gabe, some you know uh this preacher hurt me or this person did and these people. Listen, okay, we have all been hurt. We have all been crushed. We have all had problems. We've all been Hello now. But but you can you can let that and it can harden you and you be you can become bitter. Right. And listen, oh man, you you can tow the line and no television and no, you know, flee froing garment hair down to your ankles and you brother's long sleeve, you won't catch him in a short sleeve shirt and I mean, okay, but if you still got that bitterness on the inside, what good does them long sleeves do? You understand what I'm saying, right? You got to where what hands is God going to use? There's a dying world out there. Yes, sir. Amen. and he wants to use you but that means we have to open up ourselves and become vulnerable and and it's uh better game man stop please no you're not you're a scared little boy It's true cuz there's a little boy inside of you that got hurt and you're yet you you have that attitude as a cover up. But really, if you would do some heart surgery on yourself, you would see there's something deep down on the inside of you that's hurting. And that's your defense mechanism. cuz you got hurt once but you'll never get hurt again. And the moment we start doing that in life, we start dying. But we don't die the right kind of death. Do you see what I'm saying? Listen, I I have I have learned in life that when God crushes you, you can take it one of either two ways. You can let it destroy you or you can let it mold you. Because when God crushes you and allows that crushing to happen, it's for a purpose. When when when those things happen, you say, "Brother Gabe, I don't know about that." Well, let let me listen. I tell you what, why don't you argue with the prophet here? Hold on. Argue with the prophet right here. Watch this. Uh let me see. He says a few years later when the trials come and the church got all shook up as as is so easy for the congregation of people to do when something just don't seem that to happen the way that's supposed to be. God makes it that way. Yes, sir. God brings tensions into the church. Hallelujah. Woo. Oh well. Yeah. Amen. That's the truth. He didn't say the devil. He said, "Yeah, said God." He says, "For every son that cometh to God must be tried and proven and tested." Look, you mean to tell me that a brother will do something to to to rub me the wrong way? Yes, sir. Yes. You know why? Because God will use that to mold you and it'll use that to mold him. cuz he'll have to recognize there's a character flaw in him and he'll struggle it out and reason it out. And that preacher will preach Wednesday and then pastor come right back around. Amen. Or brother Emanuel come right back around Sunday and then brother Chad Rasmir that he was today will come out sound like brother Gabe off the rip, right? and he'll come right back around and he'll hit you with a one-two punch and you'll go, "Okay, Lord." Oh, man. Yeah. Hallelujah. See, cuz God uses us. Iron sharpens iron. And it's not to hurt you. It's to mold you. See, the crushing has to come because there's character flaws in every Yes. You, too. Yes. Every one of you, all of us are flawed in some sh because you have not yet went to the other side. That's right. Yes, sir. So, there is a portion of you that still needs to be molded unless you say you don't need to be on the potter's wheel anymore, but I need it. Right? Watch what he says. He says, he says, uh, God brings tension into the church. He says, he lets diseases come on you, to test you, and to prove you, to show the world that you're truly the Amen. Amen. Whoa. Amen. And you're over there with that disease thinking you ain't seed of Abraham. Amen. Thank you, brother. I'm going have to go down there and squeeze somebody. Brother Joe's like, "Don't squeeze me out of you thank Paul after service, brother." He says he permits it by his own will. He permits disasters. That's right. He permits the friends to turn against you. Yes, sir. He permits all these things and turns the devil loose to tempt you. And he'll do all that but take your life. He could throw you in a bed of affliction. He could turn your neighbors against you. He could what? He could turn the church against you. He can do most anything. And it's God's will for him to do it. Yes, sir. And only a prophet like if you imagine if brother Gabe preached this when you didn't read this you'd be like brother Chad hello but Malachi 4 Amen says we are taught so this ain't a flighty thing we are taught that it is more precious than gold. Amen. Yes, sir. To us. Praise God. See, cuz it's it's here. You know, you can either do one of two things. When the trials come, when the trials come, we we we know the scripture, ye are the salt of the earth, right? But what struck me is go up two verses. And Jesus says, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you and say all manner of evil against you falsely." But I'm standing with the word. Amen. And everything's coming against me. Yes, sir. And what do we want to do? We want to pull back and say, "You hurt me once, you won't hurt me again." And the moment we do that, we start dying the wrong way. Cuz we're not living life. Eternal life is living for others. And we want to live for we only we want to live for others. But yeah, but just the people you like in the church, just my favorite co-workers, the ones I hand selected for my group, the the ones that we we go to lunch together and we go to break together and and and we we insulate ourselves with our favorite people. Y but that's not eternal life cuz you're living for yourself. I'm living for myself if I just insulate myself with my favorite people, right? Then then how am I having eternal life? I'm try it's it's really it's all about me. It's all about me having a good time. And so I want to pick the funniest people and I want the the coolest. I want to be a cool kid. I want to be a cool kid in the message. Right. So we want all the cool people to Come on. Somebody look. Huh? Right. But but that is living a selfish life. Whose hands is he going to use? Whose heart is he going to use? Whose voice is he going to use? He He says, "Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward?" You mean I don't get nothing? Wait, what? Yeah, you got to wait for it. Yeah. See, because we want the instant gratification. I did something for you. You do something for me. Right. But you scratch my I'll scratch yours. But brother Bram said, "No, no, no. Grace is I'll scratch your back even if you don't scratch mine." Cuz yours needs scratching. Right. Hello, sisters. You can use that on the husbands tonight. He says, "For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." This is this is not put in here for happen stance. Ye are the salt of the earth. Amen. And we ought to know salt does no good sitting in a jar. It has to make contact. Amen. And so God would put this, the Lord would say this in such a way that when everything's coming against you, that's the time you're supposed to be mindful to be salt. So when you want to pull back because this is the way we are as Smiths. Amen. Thank you, sir. That's right. Yeah. Sister Sis Virginia. Yeah. Right. Right. You listen. we we love. Well, that's just the way we smiss our right. We're you know, and the moment you do that, you you're you're putting the the the family tree, the family tree, you're putting your earthly nature above your heavenly knowing. Amen. The moment, you know, we've all heard people, well, that's just the way we are. And and when when when they do that, they are actually edifying that family natural lineage above the lineage of God. We are not to rejoice in our in our last name. We are to rejoice in the name of Jesus Christ. Be partakers of the divine nature. Not our earthly nature. That's what we're trying to kill. That's what we're trying to destroy. And if God is telling us that we are to be salt, that means we got a contact in the midst of persecution, in the midst of the trial, when we don't want to do it anyways, if we just come to church because we want to, none of us would be here, Right. Right. Let's be honest. We go through hard times. We go through struggles. But but we have but but in all of that, look, there there is a purpose. Too many times, you know, I love I love how Jesus does it in in Matthew chapter 19. when they brought uh children to Jesus and they they that he would put his hands on him, they just wanted Jesus to touch him. The disciples rebuked him. And if you go up a few verses, they were having a ministers meeting on marriage and divorce. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's right. They they had asked the question about divorce. You know, no doubt Peter, well, we're having, you know, this ain't for ley. This is ministers only. We're talking on the deep things of God. And the discip Ain't you ain't you glad they put this in there? Hey, I done been there before. It's revelated. I even got to stand like this. This my revelation stance. We are a mess, ain't we? Huh? I ain't trying to be funny, but I'm just saying. Maybe I am a little bit, but I this way I am. I just I try to like loosen you up. You tighten up on me. He says, "The disciples rebuked them." And Jesus, what's he do? He he he pulls this little one in his arms. Because remember, Elohim from Genesis to Revelation, the whole plan, Elohim, wanted to touch and to feel. And when these ministers are wanting to get into marriage and divorce and straighten the church out Jesus takes this little child and he puts him in his arms, right? No doubt puts him up beside him and he says, "Suffer little children and forbid them not to come unto me, for such is the kingdom of heaven." and he laid hands on them and departed thence. See the Lord Jesus, See, there's something about the Lord's touch. And if you've ever been touched by him, you'll never be the same. Amen. It's more than a song, friends. It's my life. Yeah. See, cuz when the Lord touches you, you know, sometimes he may squeeze your heart and that's when the tears start coming out. Don't Don't try to hold them back. You young brothers, listen, you got to learn to cry. You said, "Brother Gabe, listen. Don't be that tough guy. Don't be that. Stop. Stop. Listen. I'll tell you. Look, you sisters, look, you watch them boys. You listen. When you wa Listen, I'm telling you, need to watch them. Watch them in the house of God. I I Let me give you a little secret. Look, you want to watch them before they get interested in you. Cuz when they get interested in you, all of a sudden they going to turn spiritual on you. Yeah. Pay attention. Cuz if they're stiff and starchy, oh, don't expect them to love on you, sis. Come on, somebody. Listen, look, look. You know, I I know I know why you talk about five love languages and everybody thinks, "Oh, that's psychology." Listen, you got a brain. Stop being so spiritual. You got a brain. And and there's a way in which you're built. And there's a way in which your opposite is built. And you have to learn that person. Amen. And you have to learn to touch them in the way that they need to be touched. That's true. And and here's the thing. Look, brother, you say, "But brother Gabe, I'm not built that way." But if you believe in the divine ordination of God, God placed you with that sister. Yeah. Amen. because he knew that there was that frailty or that flaw in you and he put her right beside you so that you would have to surrender and work on that thing. Amen. Come on, brothers. Look, you say you you can go all the way around the mountain and you can provide and work and slave and 40 80 hours a week and blood, sweat, and tear and you got calluses to prove it. But that's not what she needs. She needs something different. And you have to know, you have to care enough about that person to sacrifice. You say, "Oh, I die for my family." Okay, we'll start dying now. We can we can pump our chest and Yeah. Okay. Die now. Die out to that and give her what she needs. Amen. See, we want to die. We want to, you know, stand before the the Pope and the the Catholic Church and give our life. That's not the martyr. Stop. Calm down, martyr. Message martyr. We're not going to the tribulation just yet. Don't stop. I know the pope passed away, but don't don't start getting your rations out. Come on, friends. We are not prepared for tribulation. Amen. Don't get don't let that fear come on you. True. Amen. What we need to die out to is right now so that we can touch our family. I'm not worried about that world out there. You know how you know who I'm worried about? I'm worried about the road number five right there. And then it spreads out to you all. That's my family and that's who I'm worried about. I'm worried about making sure every one of you your needs are supplied. Right? That's what we ought to do. That's all we ought to be. Can we say amen to that? Are we in agreement with that? But we got to get past this selfish, selfentered life. That we live in. Brother Brandham says this. He says, "What mother here doesn't know what laying on of hands means? When a little baby fret, crying everything, let that mother hand just touch that baby." That settles it. The the little fellow starts crying, huddle up to his mother. See it? It's lay in your hands. It's mother. It's a contact. Watch this. Here's what I want you to see. He says, "How many of you are here ever had a horse that was real nervous and upset? Just let a man, Brother Bram throws this in here. Just let a man who likes horses." There's the key to the whole quote right there. That's the key to the whole quote right there. Let a man who likes horses, just pat his leg, talk to him just a minute, pat him, lay his hand on him. First thing you know, the horse has quiet down. See? And so it is with laying hands on the sick. If we're anointed to do so from God, our hands represents God's hands. That's the only hands he has is ours. So what is he saying? If we are to love or to touch one, there has to be a feeling to it. Yes, sir. Like like if if you are doing it out of duty, you're missing the whole point. Amen. If it's just because I have to do this, you need to tear that down because that's artificial put on. It has to come from the heart. And when it comes from the heart, there's a feeling behind it. And that feeling cannot be faked. Amen. Amen. Amen. See, but in order to do that, we have to tear down all of our baggage and we have to become vulnerable. And that's the hardest thing to do. because we don't want to get hurt because we've been hurt too many times. But that's part of living. And the moment you accept that, the easier life becomes. You know, I I learned as a little boy, I got picked on something fierce, but I I learned to laugh at myself. And it was a coping mechanism that I that that's that's I think that's that's part of why I clown so much. It's just part of me. But when I get nervous and I sometimes I laugh even at the wrong times, right? But God understands our frailty. He knows why we are that we the way that we are. But the thing of it is if if if I didn't laugh, I could have become bitter and hateful and mean. But I chose a better way. And and everything in life, you have to make a decision on what you're going to do. Life is going to throw you curveballs that you never thought was going to come. But if you ain't careful, you be you can become hardened and bitter by it. Amen. Amen. Listen, what did Brother Brandham say? that one of the the worst thing that that you could ever see is is Satan crown a a a a crab old man grumpy and right because life was hard and instead of instead of instead of that that oldtimer that took it gracefully and rolled with the punches and stayed tender and pliable and moldable, they become bittered and harded and disgruntled and and there may not be and and and and then we could then then when brother Brandham talks about the you know the the the the you know doineering woman or whatever uh you know and and you're using the message the wrong way. Yeah. This message is love, friends. Amen. When that prophet when he showed us the the conspiracies of the world, it wasn't so we could stockpile goods it it was so that we could have an understanding that there is no conspiracy for us. Amen. Cuz we have the truth and God's going to take us out before everything falls apart. And and it ought to give us courage and confidence. But but if we ain't careful, we can let this world throw us curveballs and we become hate hateful and bitter and and and and watch watch what brother says. He says uh let me read the scripture in Galatians 6 1 and2. says, "Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of meekness, considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted, bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfill." Now, you know, this is this is New Testament, right? Amen. But God would give us a law. That means you have to do this. Amen. That means there's no wiggle room. Guilty of the least. Guilty of the whole. Well, it's a grace covenant, Brother Gabe. Well, there's a scripture right here. This is his law. Yeah. And he says, "This is my law that you are to bear one another's burdens." Amen. Amen. Eternal life is living for others. It's living not for your friends, but it's living for our enemies. The ones that would kill you if you if you have somebody like that. That's the one we're to live for. That's the one we're trying to win. Amen. But too many times we we find enemies in the congregation and it ought not to be. Amen. Brother Brandham tells us he says he says he says uh a person who lives their life for their self lives a selfish life. We must live for others. bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfill the law of Christ. And we got to have a feeling. See, here's here's, you know, to me, this is something that you cannot you cannot fake it. Amen. Amen. This is the unfailing of realities of God that I want. He says, "You got to have a feeling one for another. And therefore, when you do all you know how to do, then when you do lay down at night, well, you have the consolation knowing you tried your best." Amen. Now, I want to ask you, every one of us, if we would be honest with ourselves, how many times do we lay our head on that pillow and have a consolation, I'd done my best to have a feeling for lost humanity today. I dare say no. This is Lady Oia. And we're worried about our bills. We're worried about what we got to do on our to-do list tomorrow. We're worried about the job that needs to get done. And see, we we can say eternal life's living for others, but when we lay our head on the pillow Well, I you stop. Stop. I know. I know. I know you did your family. I I know. I know you did your family de I know. I know you listen to I have you to know, brother Gabe. I listen to a You know what? Listen, brother Rams, that one sister came to said, "I have you to know I burn a candle every night and message people." I have you to know I listen to a message every night and just as mean as all get out. Just as mean as all get out, right? Hello, somebody. And it's the truth anyhow. Yeah. See, what good is to just listen to the message? If we don't have a feeling for that message, if there ain't no feeling in there, if we lay our head on that pillow, we just did a to-do list. If it was just checking the box, so that we can appease our our conscience for some reason. What good is it? Right? If it's all about our bank account, if it's all about our business, if it's all about our job or our school or you name it, or the last bit of overtime, guilty, see how we do and we get caught in this rat face of life and we lose the feeling for the people. Sorry, brother John. He said last service was pretty rough. Thank you, Lord. Listen, but I love I love you enough to tell you the truth. And I can I can only tell you what's on my heart. Listen, this when I listen to that prophet, there is such sincerity in that man's voice that it's a certain sound and it rings true. And I want that sincerity. When when when that man when that man would stand before that that Mexican man, I believe he was blind. And but remember the Mexican man and he he put his foot up to his foot and his foot was too big and he put his shoulders up to that man's shoulders and his jacket. Nothing would fit him. Brother Brandham was entering into the sufferings of that blind man. He was willing to give he was willing to take off his suit. And give it to this blind man. The man never he said looked like he didn't have a never had a good meal in his life because he entered into the sufferings. See, we live in such a busy world and we don't stop to enter into one another's sufferings. We're so quick to judge one another because we see something on a superficial level and we don't understand the complexity, the the levels that's that's making them the way that they are. And if we would stop and take a minute and actually look at the situation with a feeling, not just a quick quote we'd grabbed out of our mind, but we had a heart of compassion like that prophet, like Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. That's what I want, friends. I want that's the kind of life I want to live. I want to be able to tap into that. to me that's eternal life. Brother Bram says, he says, you know, you have to enter into the sufferings of a person to have feelings for them. If it ever gets to a place that you can't feel sorry for the sick, then it's time that I can't feel sorry for the sick, then it's time for me to leave the platform praying for them. It's when I get to a place that I can't feel a burden for the sin on the people. Hello. Hello. Amen. He's He's saying he's been there. He says, "Then it's time for me to get away from here cuz I could never do no good for God." It's the feeling you have for the people. You know, it's a love that you can project to the people that they know you love them and they love you and you can feel it and there's something that happens then see you know we have to become we have to get I believe there has to be a tearing down in order for there to be a building up. And we have to make ourselves vulnerable and just be real. Like sit across the table and be honest one with another. Like if you got a problem with somebody, talk to them. Amen. Well, brother Gabe, what if the Bible tells you to do that? But the moment that you stop and you go, "Well, I don't want to offend." And you the fence is already there. That's right. Sometimes we have to get our hands dirty and we don't want to do that. But the moment we don't get our hands dirty, then we get mad, we get angry, little root of bitterness. And then that root of bitterness just grows and fers and fers and fers and f and it's all undercover. Nobody knows, but it's there. Amen. And then somebody does something that just pops that thing. And it wasn't what happened there. It was all of this built up that we never dealt with the unresolved issues. Friends, this is not Hollywood. No, sir. This is the greatest message that has ever struck the face of the earth. And there will be a people that live it. Amen. Yeah. And when this world is is stuck on Hollywood and showmanship and worried about their uh uh looking good for the people and there there will be a faithful few that's going to stand with this gospel and preach it in its purity and live it in its purity. There has to be because God would not send us a perfect message without that being. When we talk about perfect love coming, Brother Brandham tells us the definition of brotherly kindness and he says when we get to that brotherly kindness and I he he puts it so beautiful. The definition of brotherly kindness according to the prophet is put yourself in his place on the matter. Amen. So it don't have nothing to do with artificial smile. That's right. Charisma and telling jokes and Amen. That's not brotherly kindness. Brotherly kindness is walking a mile in that man's shoes. Amen. If we want to get to perfect love, if that's what we're waiting for, we want that per we want that capstone of love to cap it all off, then that right there is what we need to be. Amen. We ought to have that in our everyday life that we put our we put ourselves in the place of that person's matter. That means we have to set our lives aside and enter into the sufferings of that person. In an hour of self-love and a love of material things that's taking the true place of the love of God, there is going to be a people that's going to have that type of ability to enter into the sufferings of lost humanity, the worst of the worst, and have a feeling for them. Amen. That's That's not just Brother Brandham. Listen, when when when when brother Brandham when when brother Brandham um uh when when when when brother Brandham went off went off when Oh man, I tell you what. Oh boy. There's uh it's it's it's just uh let me try to find a place to close here. I I I'll say this. Look look at Jesus. Look at Jesus in his fir at Jesus's first coming it at Jesus's first coming. Brother Brandham says that when when Gabriel come to Zachcharias when Gabriel come to Zachcharias Zachcharias did not believe the angel's message. Amen. And he said for he had found he says now Zachchariah would have had plenty of examples. So when Gabriel told him that Elizabeth was going to conceive, he doubted. Yeah. And brother Brandham called him a callous priest. So at the first coming of Christ, where was the calluses at on the body? was on the priesthood. That's right. Amen. And they were in the office, but they become callous. There was only a handful of believers there. And he lost his voice. Amen. Praise God. And and and to me it makes me fear and tremble that if we ain't careful we can become so polished that we become calloused. We live in a world where where where we're constantly what does a callous come from? It's it's from work and grinding it. Yeah. But how do we stay soft? How do we stay moldable? How do we stay pliable in a world that's so bitter? It'll only the there the only love that will be left will only be amongst God's elect. Amen. Amen. And if and if we are calloused and life has has hardened us, then listen, you have to be honest enough with yourself and say, "God, I should not be feeling this way." Like no matter what somebody does to you wrong, the moment you lose that love for them, something's wrong. Amen. That's right. Amen. And I'm I'm not I I know cuz I've been there. And it's not easy. You know, we as human beings, we can only take so much punishment, right? And and sometimes life is a grind. And and sometimes it gets real dark. And and sometimes it gets so black that you don't know which way to go. And I get it. I've been there. I know it. I know it well. But there is a place of relief. Yes, sir. And and you don't have to stay there, but you have to make a choice. Regardless of how you feel, you have to confess God's word is right. Amen. No matter what I'm feeling, that's what the Bible says and that's exactly what I believe. There's so many times in my life, friends, I I knew I I've since I was a little boy, I always knew this message was right. And I spent decades of my life going, "That's right and I'm wrong." Amen. And I don't know how to get there. But I just kept confessing. I just kept confessing that Bible is right. This message is right. And by that confession, my body came into subjection to that word. But the moment we stop doing that, it takes honesty. It takes sincerity. It takes admitting we're wrong. Amen. And by doing that, it brings this old house of flesh subject to God's word. Praise God. Amen. And and and is it easy? Absolutely not. If it was, everybody would do it. That's right. But God is calling us to a higher level that we will we will be that invincible army. And it won't be uh AR-15s and buoy knives. It'll be it'll be this faithful little book that we'll be holding, right? That's this right here is our protection. This right here is our artillery. This right here is our nuclear weapon. It's the unfailing realities of a living God. But if we ain't careful, we can become like brother Brandham said about that old salt when that young man came to that to that ocean and he was a poet and he had wrote about the the the the white caps and you know and all those different things and he was so excited to see the ocean and that old that old salt. He had been born on that 60 years and he had seen that sunrise so many times and he had seen the waves year after year and it had lost its luster. And he said, "I don't see nothing about that." You know, he had to have something deep. Slid that in on you there. Well, I mean, we can have all the deep things, but make sure you got a feeling with those deep things. See, cuz that prophet had the deep things, but he had a feeling to go with it. That's right. And he had he had something that he could touch the heart of God with. And not only could he touch the heart of God, he could touch the heart of the people. Amen. Because he had a reality in his life. Listen, people are watching you. Whether you know it or not, your co-workers, when they test you, they're watching you, waiting for your response. And you know what they're waiting on? They're waiting to say, "I told you so." Yeah. But if if you can be conscious enough in those moments to be salty, you can turn it on them. Not. And and I'm not talking about so that you can show off, but you can you can you can you can flip it on them in a way that makes them think and you'll go they'll go, "Oh, maybe there is something different about them." See, we we can all get behind the pull pit, be preacher man, and we can all be in the pews and be church person, but out there Amen. That's right. Out there when when we're 50 miles away, when when we're when we're when we're five states away, are we going to be preacher man then? Are we going to be church person then? Or are we just worried about how we look amongst ourselves? I I I'm not so much worried about you. I I want I It's when I'm out on the battlefield. Amen. I'm sure this is a battlefield here, but it really it's when we're out there. That's right. I I want to be a real Christian then. I want them to see Christ reflecting in my life. Then that's when I want to have a feeling. And is it is it going to be something that comes uh the only way this is going to happen is by re relationship because we can't do it in ourselves. That's the whole point. Lady Oia is too black and too dark and too complex. And we are no match for Lady Oia. No, no matter no matter how fortified we have our home and how insulated we have and you know listen, the trials are going to be there no matter what. Amen. And we could either we can either run to them or we can run away from them. Amen. And too many times we spend most of our life trying to run away from them. And that same trial comes right back around because God is trying to get you to learn the lesson. I I want to learn. Don't you? Can you stand with me? And as we stand, I just want to read this. I read it to you last time, but I just want you to look at it with me one more time. He said, "You could maybe sis, you just play something something soft." Um, he says, "You could tell me what a great God Brother Neville was, how fine a man he was. If I just heard, that's all right. I believe it. Oh, sure. I believe it. But I'll never know personally until I fellowship with him a while. till I sat down at the table together across the table and lay our hearts out before each other and our spirits blend begin to blend together. Then I about know what he's made up of until you might hear of Jesus by preaching. You might hear your mother say he's wonderful. You might hear a minister say he heals the sick. And you might have you and he might have sent his power forth and healed. But you'll never know what it is until you sat down once with him in fellowship and your spirit blends together, bearing record with each other that you're sons and daughters of God. Then the old things pass away and you don't have to worry about the world no more. For by one offering, he has perfected those who have fellowship with him through his blood. Thank you, Lord. True fellowship. If If How many wants to have that feeling? Wants a feeling. Yes, we should all I'm not talking about no touchy feeling. Weird. I'm not talking about that. I'm I'm talking about having a feeling for for not just our brothers and sisters. Listen, some of us has lost the feeling. That feeling so bad, we don't even have a feeling amongst us as here, let alone out on the world. And listen, if that's where you're at, be honest enough with God and say, "Lord, I need a renewing. Lord, I need a refilling of your Holy Spirit. This world is callous to me. Lord, I I I know I I I've lost the joy of my salvation. Life is not easy. And you youngsters, look, even maybe some of you young ones, sometimes life hits you in a certain way and and it takes twists and turns. And if you ain't careful, you can become bitter even at a young age because life ain't happening the way you thought it was going to be. But listen, why don't you be honest with God and say, "Lord, I I had preconceived ideas. I had the white picket fence and I had the dog named Fritz and I had this all and and life took an unexpected twist and listen. Sit across the table from the Almighty and open up your heart and say, "God, I I need help." cuz we're living at a time, friends. If you don't if we don't do that on a daily basis, listen, this is not just because of Wednesday night. This is something we have to be mindful of every day of our life because we rub elbows with the world and we've got fallen people and family members and problems and backstabbings and blah blah blah blah blah. And and tomorrow morning when you go to work, be ready cuz Satan's going to be there to try you. If you raise your hand and you say, "Lord, I I I want that feeling." Satan's marking you going, "Okay, we're going to see." And and we have to be honest enough and say, "God, I cannot do it on my own." But Lord, I want, you know, to me, when I hear that prophet, he had such sincerity. Amen. And when I when I when I hear that when he talks to me and and and for the angel to say you have to be more sincere and I oh that just cuts me to the heart and I say God where am I at? And and we can be cleaned up and all of those things, but where is our sincerity? Are we mindful that our hands is his hands? Are we mindful on every day that my heart, my heart, I want it to be his heart? When we see that coworker first thing in the morning, do we run the other way or do we run to him? Do we avoid or do we face the battle? And do we face the battle in love? Or do we just build walls and fences and protection and defense mechanisms? That's not living. That's not what we're called to be. We're called to be the beating heart. That's right. Of God Almighty. Amen. that bleeding heart that stands in the gap and says, "Lord, if there be 10, Lord, if there if there if Lord, if there be five or or do you are or do you love the quotes where Brother Brandham talks about cannon fodder? Come on, friends. Stop. If that if that's if that's the quotes that get you riled up, something's wrong. Nothing wrong with what what the prophet have said. But if that's what stirs you, brother, you ought to have a bleeding heart knowing that that could have been you if it wasn't for the grace of God. We are nothing special. It's the grace of God that we are what we are. It was unmmerited grace that extended his hands out of mercy. And because we are recipients of that, that ought to be the predominant force in our life that goes back out. And if it's not, something is wrong. we've drawn back when when when in in the Old Testament when when when that when that offer when that person would offer that sacrifice when they would when when they would offer that sacrifice, no offense to you, on the back row, they couldn't sit on the back row. They couldn't sit, you know, hidden and and away from everybody, but they had to come right down to the altar. It had to be personal. And they had to touch that sacrifice and they had to when they laid their hand on that lamb, whatever it was, the bullock, what they had to lay their hand on that and they had to feel the life leaving that animal's body knowing that it should have been theirs. But the problem of it was it become common to them. That's right. to where after a while they would lay their hand on that sacrifice and it didn't have a feeling anymore. It just became a duty. It became what that's what their family does. And listen, you young brothers, you young sisters, you may be coming here because mom and dad and this is Listen, don't let it be a family church. This has to be your church. This has to be a reality for you. That you come here because God called you to this message because you young person has personally laid your hand on that sacrifice. It wasn't mom and dad. You came down to the altar. You laid your hand on the sacrifice. You realize that it should have been your life, but he gave it to you. Amen. And you don't feel just the the the life leaving him. You feel the charge of the Holy Spirit come into your body. And it gives you life and life more abundantly. See, that's the only way we can have that feeling in this world. We can go one of a few ways, but I don't want to lose that feeling. Do you? How many wants a a fresh feeling of that feeling? Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, truly Lord, we love you this evening. And Lord, uh, simple thought, but Lord, when we're on the battlefield, it becomes so complex. Lord, we want to be real. We want that reality in our lives, Lord. our everyday lives. Not not just in church, but uh Thursday morning, Friday evening, Lord, all throughout the weekend, every day, Lord, when we rise and when we lay our head on that pillar tonight, Lord, tomorrow, we want the consolation that we've done our best. I pray Lord for each one of my brothers and sisters that we would each one check up that we would each one search our lives and if there's a place where we become callous I pray that the bomb of Gilead Lord would flow freely from your throne and soften us Lord this world is cold and indifferent. But I pray that your the fire of your Holy Spirit would rekindle aresh and make this scripture, this word new in our hearts. And God, that we would have a renewing of your Holy Spirit, a refreshing, a refilling, rejuvenating, Lord, that we would go to higher heights and deeper depths. And Lord, that we would be mindful and conscience aware that when we reach out a hand that it's your hand that's being extended. That when we put our arm around a brother, shake a sister's hand, maybe just give them an extra pat on the hand, look him in the eye and tell them we love them. Lord, I pray that that feeling would be there that they that that recipient would be able to feel it back. Lord, they may need that encouragement. I pray that we would be so sensitive. Lord, be more aware, more conscience that that selfishness of life would fade away and that eternal life would become so preeminent in our lives that it would no more be about our our to-do list and what we got to do and it wouldn't be about business and work and overtime and but it would it would be about living for others. Uh that's my prayer, Lord. I I certainly fall short of what I've been preaching this evening. And I pray in Jesus' name that you'd be my helper. God, I I truly I want to be I want to be one of those faithful ones that's standing here, Lord. And when you're looking for faith, you'll find it in me. when you return and you're looking for faith, you'll find it in each one of my brothers and sisters here that we won't be callous like Zacharias was, but we'd be soft and tender and moldable and pliable and meat for the master's use. God, we commit all we are into your hands. We love you. We praise you. We commit all these things, asking your blessings upon each one. You've seen the hands and I pray that you hear the hearts cry in Jesus name we ask these things. Amen. God bless you saints. What's that song brother we singing there? Sing it for me brother. Here is love vast as the ocean. Loving kindness. be happy to pray with you. When the prince of life, our ransom, shed for us, his precious blood, who his love will not remember, who can cease to sing his praise. He will never be forgotten. throughout hell eternal days. On the mount of crucifixion, fountains open deep and wide. Through the floodgates of God's mercy flow of vast and gracious high grace and love like mighty rivers flowing sassing from above. Heaven's peace and perfect justice. Kiss the guilty world in love. Let me all thy love accept thee. Love thee ever all my days. Let me see thy kingdom only and my life be to thy praise. Thou alone will be my glory. Nothing in this world I see. Thou has plans has sanctified me. Thou thy s has set me free. In thy truth, thou dost direct me. By thy spirit through thy word and thy grace my need is meeting as I trust in thee, my Lord. of thy fold is thou our glory. Thy great love and love on me for my calling out my heart to thee. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding. And the trials of this world, we're getting stronger. And the hole I fill was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over and the strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me, holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trial. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. And Satan laid before me his temptation. Give his desire to steal away my faith. What I have found inside a revelation. It was the strength I need to keep me in this race. Something keeps holding me, holding me. Every day I see that he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality that something keeps holding me.
