################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 250629 - Chad Lamb: The Revelation of Sonship Changes Our Perspective - Chad Lamb - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   250629 - Chad Lamb: The Revelation of Sonship Changes Our Perspective
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Cd_nlt08Qs
========================================

[Music] Oh, I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing. Oh, I will sing. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. And with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness, thy faithfulness. And with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever. I will sing of the mercies of the Lord. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. For there's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Oh, keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus, keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There's victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be. Oh, sing that again. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Oh, there's a race that I must run. There's victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. And I am determined. I've made up my mind that I'll serve the Lord. I'll leave those behind and I'll serve the Lord. Oh, I'll follow. I'll follow wherever he leads me and I'll pasture wherever he leads. Oh, I am determined. I made up my mind. I'll serve the Lord. Oh, I am determined. I made up my mind that I'll serve the Lord. Oh, I'll leave this whole world treasures behind. For I'll serve the Lord. I'll follow wherever he leads. feeds me. I'll pasture wherever he feeds me. And I am determined. I've made up my mind that I'll serve the Lord. Amen. Are you determined this morning? God bless you. Good to be together this morning in the house of God to worship together. If you're a visitor here this morning, you're welcome. Just feel you feel the presence of the Holy Spirit this morning. Let's sing that song. Uh key of Eflat. Uh he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Oh, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything. Oh, one more time. Yes. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my father, my mother, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. And as I travel through this pilgrim land, I have a friend and he walks with me. For he leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the Christ of Calary. [Music] This would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need your light to guide me day and night. Precious Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. Go through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy power and hear my people, oh Lord. Look down on me. And when I'm in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. and let me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed way. Keep me that I may be holy dine and sing redemption song someday. Oh, I will be a soldier brave and true. firmly take a stand. And as I onward go and beneath the fo, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power and hear my feeble fear, oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. And when I wander through the valley dimmed for the setting of the sun, then lead me safely to a land of rested by a crown of life. And I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, I may reach that golden strand. There's no other friend know whom I can depending Jesus hold my hand. Oh Jesus hold my hand I need thee every hour. Oh through this pilgrim land. Lord protect me by thy saving power and hear my people. [Music] Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. And when I kneel in prayer, know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Down from his glory, the everliving story. Oh my God, my savior came. And Jesus was his name. Born in a manger. Oh, to his own a strangeanger. Amen. Sorrows, tears, and me. For how I love him, how I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all it all the great creator. He became my savior and all God's fullness dwelling in. Oh, sing that third verse. Without reluctance and without regard. Oh flesh and blood his sins. He took the form of man. He buil the hidden plan. Oh glorious mystery. the sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou art the great I am and how I love him. How I adore him, my breath, my sunshine, my all in all. [Music] The great creator became my savior and all God's holiness dwell in. Amen. God bless you all this morning. Let's bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, God. So thankful that you've given us a voice on this earth in this day to lift back to you and tell you we love you, that you are amazing, that you are the great I am. God, you were one day riding on a donkey coming into Jerusalem and people were lifting their voices and crying hosana to the king that cometh. And Lord, they tried to stop them. And you said if they stop, the rocks will cry out. And God, we can't stop because we can't leave the rocks what you've given to children to do. And we're your children. And we want to sing your praises. Lord, we count it a privilege. And we're so thankful, God, to be able to stand to our feet, raise our hands, and say, "We love you. You're wonderful. You're amazing. And you do all things well." And Lord, we're here to surrender ourselves to you, God. To give you our attention, our time, our ears, and our heart, Lord. That you might come and you might break the bread of life for us, Lord. that you might minister through a gift you placed in this body of mine. You might break to us your word in a way that we could feed on it and grow and become more like you and serve, Lord, your purpose in our lives on this earth. Lord, we want to give ourselves to you aresh this morning. May you have access to every heart, Lord, in every life. May you move, Lord, as you choose to move. May your spirit move with freedom in every heart and life. We commit ourselves to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. It's so good to be with you this morning. If you could take your Bibles and turn to the book of James as you turn there. We got quite a few visitors here this morning. And so we're happy to greet all the visitors who are here with us. I know brother Ben, brother Aaron Laau's sister Karen is here with her husband James and their boys. God bless you. They're here from Arizona. So we got to see them just a couple months ago when we were in Arizona. So it's good to have you again. and brother Ilia Luznoff's parents are here again, but also his sister Ulia and her husband Sergey from Idaho are here. God bless you with their kids. So, it's good to have the family visiting and coming in. And everybody else who's visiting, God bless you. You're very, very welcome. We're happy to have you here with us. Amen. Uh be before we uh read our scripture, I just want to let you know that next Sunday, this coming Sunday, a week from today, Brother Null Johnson will be here with us. So, he'll be taking the morning service. So, we're excited to have him back and he and his wife Shirley will be with us. Uh, also in the afternoon, we'll have our communion and feet washing. But I want to remind you that the uh trustees have presented a a new trustee to the congregation for a vote of confidence and that's brother Aaron Laauo. So, that vote will be at our communion service and the afternoon service next week. So, just keep that in mind and keep that in prayer. And if you haven't already considered it, make it a a consideration in prayer so that we can do that vote. Amen. Also, Sister Kristen Tech is here. God bless you. She's walking in right now. Amen. Uh, Brother Chris told me that she'd be here. Uh, he she drove him down to BYC. He's helping at Believer's Youth Camp as a counselor. And he just let me know that she would be here today with the children. And I said, "Oh, brother. So, you're letting me know there's no marital problems, you know, when she shows up without you?" And he said, "Exactly." So, he didn't want us to have any special counseling session after. So, God bless you, Sister Kristen. It's good to have you here with us, you and the children. Amen. Let's look together at James chapter 1. James chapter 1 2 says, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this that the tri of your faith workketh patience, and but let patience have her perfect work, that you may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing." Amen. God bless you all. As you have your seats, keep your place there in the Bibles. We're going to come back to that in just a moment. I just wanted to share a quick testimony with you. Most of you know yesterday there was a funeral for Sister Doris Bach. And I know not everybody had the chance to get to know her. Uh so she had visited here a few times with her family. And uh we had become friends, my wife and I had become friends with her and the Ritter family and Sister Megan and her boys uh just for a short time. But yesterday they had the uh the uh funeral service, the memorial service over at Bible Believers Church and Brother Cam Smith was her pastor. He officiated and and he preached it and I just had a small part and and there were so many testimonies, so many good things to hear. But what was so encouraging to me and what I want to share with you is the the life that Sister Doris lived was outside of church, outside of faith for 86 years for 86 years. But at the age of 86, God called her and there was something in her to respond and it did oh just sitting and listening to the testimonies and we had heard from her some but the family shared more and they had pictures of slideshow of her life and you see all her life she was going one way. Amen. But something happened. Amen. At the age of 86 and the word struck the seed and it came to life. Amen. And so uh when she be at the age of 86, she needed more help. She had had a heart issue and she needed some help. So she decided to move to to be with the Ritter family here in Ohio. She's from the Chicago area. She moved in and they had witnessed to her before. They had shared the message with her uh before, but she was resistant to it. She didn't want to hear anything, but she wanted to come and stay with them. They were so good to her. They they were going to take care of her. And as she lived with them, she saw the word living. Not just a testimony that comes by speech, but a testimony that comes from a life. And that's what brother Benham told us. Amen. He told us uh he says you got to live your sermon, not preach your sermon. Live your sermon. Amen. He said that's the voice of God thundering out against the devil. Amen. And that's what they did. And as as she saw their life and she saw that they were true and genuine and the love of God in their life and the word on display, she began to knock down the barriers and began to listen. And as she did, that word struck her heart and and she was converted. She was baptized at 86 years of age. Amen. We met her just shortly after that. Sister Karen Sanders got us connected. She was a friend of hers and we just instantly fell in love with her. had a wonderful time of fellowship. She had such an enthusiasm and such an excitement for the word and such a smile. And it just did me a world of good to be at the funeral yesterday and realize what God had done for her. He could not take her. So she was firmly established in the word. So in the last two years of her life, he drew her, he called her, he converted her, she was born again, she was established in the word, she made her stand in her testimony, and then he took her home. I say praise be to God. And I say that to encourage all of us. We have loved ones. We have people that we care for. People that we want to see the word strike their heart. And so so did Derek and Denise and and Megan and the boys. They wanted so much for grandma to hear it. But God has his own time. And God had his own way. And God worked it out perfectly. Amen. And so praise God. If we want something so bad, it's we can never want it more than God wants to draw his children. And if we want it, we just have to have faith that God knows how. and God knows when and we're just available for him to use. So, I just want to share that with you and also want to thank everybody who jumped in to help. Amen. It was uh the Ritter family, the whole family got sick immediately after she passed away. They couldn't do all the coordinating and planning. Sister Karen Sanders jumped in to help, but you know, she's very limited in what she can do. And she testified yesterday at the funeral of how everybody helped. And and I witnessed that I saw many of you come to help. Amen. Bring food, help serve. Amen. Uh, Sister Rachel Pittsenberger even got tapped last minute to play the piano. She wasn't planning on that. She walked in the door and they asked her to play. Praise God. Got to be instant in season and out of season. Amen. Many of you jumped in to help with coordinating and things and just want to say God bless you for it. The family was greatly blessed and we certainly appreciate it. Especially those who were able to make it yesterday. Thank you for that. Amen. So, it was a good day. It was encouraging and we got to see a a a child of God to her reward. Amen. Uh if you want to look at this scripture again in James chapter 1, I want to look at just one phrase out of this where it says, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations." Um, this is an interesting verse because um, just as a personal confession, I haven't mastered this scripture yet. So, I haven't come to the place where I can check that one off my checklist. I've got that one. I'm still pretty far behind. I I might have D's on my report card. I may have graduated past the Fs and got the D's, but hey, we've got to get a whole lot further than that. And so, uh, if brother Franco, if you could pull up that first slide, I want to take for a subject today, the revelation of sunship changes our perspective. And, and revelation changes everything in our lives, friends. Uh, we we're still the same human beings we were before. We we have the same fingerprints, the same color eyes, the same earthly name, the we live in the same houses, and but but at the revelation of who we really are when we're born again. Amen. Something inside of us changes so drastically, it changes everything about our life. And though we may go to the same job on Monday and we may live in the same home and we may still like the same food and we may still enjoy the same activities. Amen. Something drastic changes inside of us at the revelation of the word. And that change means everything to us. And when I say revelation of sunship changes our perspective, sisters, you're included, too. Because sunship is not just a masculine term. Sunship just means your position as a child of God. It means your progeny or offspring of God. So it works for both male and female. Daughtership just doesn't sound as good. So the revelation of sunship changes our perspective and so it it it means so much to us. Amen. If we look at this uh message, the Samaran church age out of the church age book, brother Ram said, "The cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. Neither are the bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. His approval of any of us is only in the beloved. His love is elective, which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us?" Uh yes. But how shall we know? We shall know because he said so. and manifested that he did love us. For he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit placing us as sons. And how shall I prove my love to him? So how do we know he loves us? Because he drew us to himself he gave us of his spirit and placed us as sons. What greater love could be expressed? Amen. Than and he revealed to us our position and drew us to himself. Shared his spirit with us and positionally placed us as sons. But how shall I prove my love to him? By believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he and his wisdom allows to come to pass. So that last sentence is still something I have not mastered yet. And so uh when when we look at James, James says, "Count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations." This word temptations, it means testings or provings to to test something in effect to prove it to test that it is what it says it is and and that that it can pass the test and prove that it is the substance whatever is being tested that it passes the test to prove of what substance it is. So when you go through your testings or your proving times, Amen. He says, "Count it all joy when you fall into temptation, knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work that you may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing." We know that this testing and proving is going to work a result in our life. We know that by revelation. We know that because the word says so. We don't always feel it. We feel like sometimes the things are breaking us apart and destroying us. But the word never says that it's breaking us apart and destroying us. It the word tells us it's bringing us to perfection. So we have to we to me I have to get to the place where I say what the word says and stop saying what I feel because what I feel is so often opposite to what the word says. And this is what revelation of sunship will do to us. Once God reveals to us where we came from, who we are, why we're here, where we're going, and what his purpose is, it gives us the ability to look beyond the trial and look beyond to the things that God has laid in store for us. And say, "This is working for that goal. This is working for the purpose he has in my life." Because without revelation of sunship, we just become the victims of circumstances in life. And there are circumstances for everybody in life and not just Christians, not uncristians, not I mean if you're Muslim, if you're Jew, if you're Hindu, it doesn't matter who you are. Amen. He a man that is born of a woman is a few days and full of trouble. Amen. But but that's because of the fallen nature. That's because of the curse upon the earth. So everybody falls into trouble. Everybody has tribulations. Everybody has troubles on the earth. But a son and daughter of God was born into this situation with a sin-cursed body and a sin-cursed world because God wants us to get an education because he's bringing us to a perfection and he's using all of these circumstances that eat away and destroy the world. He's using the same circumstances to build us up and bring us into perfection, to bring us into maturity and bring us into our adoption where he can place as sons and daughters of God with authority that he places in us so that he can give us the signate ring so that he can give us the sword. Amen. Amen. So though our though our troubles are the same, we lose loved ones, we get sick, we lose jobs, we have financial crisis, we have things that go wrong, we have vehicle breaks down, we have family relations that goes south, we have everything that everybody else has, but they are victims of circumstances of a sin-cursed world. We are never victims of circumstances because we have a heavenly father who knows all things and has orchestrated everything for our good. Amen. Amen. See, this is why unless we have God revealed to us who we are to break the spiritual amnesia, this world will whittle us down into depression, into discouragement, into a place where we just can't feel like we can go on anymore and brings us into states of depression and despondency and hopelessness. Amen. Because there's nowhere else to go. If we're just born of whoever our earthly mother and father was, if the only truth in our lives is the truth that's on our birth certificate and the truth that we feel and see and hear, amen, then we're of all people most miserable. We're going to fail because this world is falling apart. There's no sure place to stand. There's no foundation. This thing is rumbling. Amen. And crumbling because it's going to be remade. Amen. It's going to bring forth. A it's going to be reformed for a new millennium. Everything is starting to crumble and fail. So God can bring a fresh everything, a fresh government, a fresh civilization, a fresh earth. So we we there's got to be something that happens in us. Amen. That lets us look beyond the circumstances. Or else, friends, we're just going to fall into the same despair that the rest of the world's falling into. Or or we'll move into some sort of coping mechanism to cover it up. Yeah. Which is where a majority of the world is and addictions and pleasure seeking and all of these other things. But when we have a revelation of sunship and we know that we have a heavenly father who has orchestrated our lives, he has written it in code. He has desired, amen, a definite purpose. Then we're going to see all the same trouble that everybody else in the world sees. I think there's one thing that that uh can be so um difficult to understand as a new Christian because we give our lives to Christ and we're born again by the spirit of God and we come into this wonderful relationship with the bridegroom and now we're called as bride. We feel like that that relationship should bring us out of suffering, out of troubles. But that is the opposite of what the Bible tells us. Amen. It's opposite. The Bible does not tell us that coming into this relationship with Christ will bring us out of earthly troubles. Not at all. And that's why there can be so much disappointment in Christianity. And even so much disappointment coming to the message because we feel like we've come to the absolute truth for our age. This is it. This is Christ. I'm now joined to Christ. Amen. There's no more deception. There's no more pretend. There's no more churchianity. There's no more halfway. This is everything. Amen. And it and it should take me beyond troubles and it doesn't. And it doesn't. It takes you through troubles. And that's what the revelation That's what the revelation does. So with revelation in our lives, we should be able to practice what James is telling us. Count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations. And and I'm the first one to this morning going to say, "God, please help me." Please help me. This is what I want. This is what I want beyond a shadow of a doubt. This is what I want. Now, we're never going to stop being human beings, and you're never going to stop the emotional realm from reacting in an emotional way. So, don't feel discouraged if your your outer man reacts to situations. Your outer man will always react to situations. But just remember, there's a watchtowwer on the inside. There's a control tower. Amen. Is going to say, "Wait a minute. Ho ho ho ho, hold up." Amen. You're thinking disparaging thoughts. Amen. You're thinking hopeless thoughts. Amen. But nothing's hopeless. Amen. We're not in despair. Everything's right on time. Everything's got to be this way. And God's working something for his glory and for my good. Amen. So, you can't stop from being human. God didn't want you to stop from being human. And he wants you to be human. Amen. You realize Jesus Christ had to overcome his humanity. Amen. Remember Jesus when when he's full of the Holy Ghost, when he comes up out of Jordan, when he when he's got the declaration of the father, this is my this is my son in whom I'm well pleased. Amen. Immediately he goes by the leadership of the Holy Ghost into the wilderness to be tempted, to be tried, tested, proved by the devil. Amen. And those tests, Amen, were real tests. And those things really, amen, were something that were a temptation to him. Amen. And remember it said he had fasted 40 days. And he was afterward hunger. He was hungry after a 40-day fast. And the devil was offering him, Amen, if you'll just turn these stones into bread. That was a real temptation. And that was a real temptation because he was really in flesh and he was really hungry and his stomach was really turning and growling. You realize that Jesus Christ when he was on earth, if he didn't eat his meals and he skipped a meal, you know, he could start feeling faint. You know, he got tired from being overworked. He had to separate and rest, right? Cuz he had to learn how to overcome in a human body. And God doesn't want us to escape it. He wants us to come through it to learn all that we're supposed to learn. He wants us to overcome. He wants us to gain the things we're supposed to gain. Amen. so that so that he could bring us to the greater position that he has for us. So, we're going to look at this as we keep moving. You know, there's there's three parables that Brother Brandham gives and there's more than that, but three parables and and I love I I I just love the message. That's all I can say. I love the word of God. I love the way Jesus taught. I love the way God used the prophet in our day. And he makes things so simple. Amen. But the simple things are some of the most profound things in life. So he has three parables that I just want to bring to your attention. The one brother Brandham shares is the story of spiritual amnesia. And then he tells it in a way of of of true amnesia of soldiers coming back from the war who had gotten a shock in their system and and and something had happened to them and they forgot who they were and they could and brother Bam says amnesia makes it so you can't identify yourself. Right. Amen. That's important because he's going to type this natural amnesia with spiritual amnesia. Amen. This shock of being born in this condition. The shock of coming to the earth. Amen. In a hybridized body. Amen. It left us in a state of amnesia. Amen. But brother Bam tells the story how this man got into a familiar place. And it wasn't familiar to him in his state of amnesia, but it was familiar to him in his existence because he had been in this place before. Amen. And as it it got to this place, it was home. It was near home. And he kept getting closer to home. And when he got right to home, he saw his father. And when he saw his father, he knew who he was. Amen. The scales came off. He knew he was a son. He knew this was his home. He knew where he originated, where he came from, what his position, what his name. Amen. All about him. He knew it when he came in contact with the father. And that's why this message, this word has been brought back to this day. Amen. It's brought us back to the vicinity of home. Amen. Because where did we come from? The word. We came from the mind of God where the word originated. We're part of the word. Amen. And when this word was being restored and as we heard it preached, it brought us back to familiar ground. This is our hometown, friends. The word, this message is hometown. It's the water tower. It's the train station. It's the trees. It's the hills. Amen. It's where we originated from. And as he as he began to move closer and closer to his father, amen, he saw more and more for Mary. And this is what's been happening to us in the message, one revelation after another after another, as the word opens up, it gets more homelike and more homelike. And something in us begins to stir. And this man, even before he saw his father, can you imagine something was leading him on this journey. Amen. Something was going on inside of him. This wasn't a man taking a stroll. This was a man who was having an awakening on the inside, but he didn't yet know what the awakening was. He couldn't identify it yet. He just knew something was stirring. Something about this place. Something about what I'm seeing. Something about all of this is doing something to me. If you would have stopped him before he got all the way home, you would have said, "What is it? Why are you I don't know. I'm just compelled. I just I need to go over this hill. I know this is the path and I How do you know that's the path you need to take? How do you know why? What is compelling you? What is moving you? We've stopped at village after village after village and you just mosied around like everybody else. Yeah. And got back on the train and went further down. But why is it this time you can't get back on the train? Why is it this time you're compelled? Why is it this time you're moved? Listen friends, some of us grew up and we went church to church to church and we tried this, this, and this. Amen. But we got back on the train and went to the next one. But there was one stop on this trail. And when we heard the word being restored, something compelled us to keep walking, keep moving, keep going. And it's somewhere along the line for for mo for for most of us, maybe not all of us, we come over a hill, over a rise, and saw a little cabin and saw saw an old man sitting on the cabin and immediately all of a sudden he said, "That's my father." Oh yeah. I'm his son. This is where I came from. This is my home. This is who I am. Oh, praise God. It was only the father that could do that. So, that parable shows us the breaking of spiritual amnesia. And the breaking of spiritual amnesia doesn't tell us, let me rephrase this because I'm going to say it wrong. The breaking of spiritual amnesia is not to get the correct doctrine as Paul brought it because that's essential to bringing us back to our father. That's familiar territory. That's hometown, right? But the breaking am of amnesia is when all those scriptural truths bring you all the way to face your father. And when you face your father and recognize that's my father, then all of a sudden it breaks the amnesia in us and we know we're sons of God. We know we're daughters of God. That's that's the first parable I want to bring to your attention. See, see friends, it's a simple story. But for me, it's profound. Amen. For me, it's life. It's not a story. It's life. And it's not a story that happened in World War II with some soldiers or World War I or whatever it was from some soldiers at shell shock. This is my story. This is a reality to me. I've walked the path. I saw familiar sites. I come in contact face to face with my father. And then the next one is the eagle in the chickenard. I mean, brother tells a story in a way that a child would like the story and a child could understand the point. This is the way Jesus does it, too. Because the message isn't complicated. The message is simple. Message is super simple. What gets complicated is the abundance of material that was unlocked because you can go anywhere in the Bible and find the message, find the seven seal and you can preach, you can preach on a chapter in the Bible for who who knows how long. Amen. We could dive deep into it. We can analyze every rock. Yeah. And it'll show us God. It'll show us Christ. It'll show us the seven seal. It's the abundance of things that were opened up that can be overwhelming. But the message itself is simple. Amen. Amen. And brother Benham shows us through these parables how simple it is. Jesus showed us a simple one. A man went forth to sew seed and he swed seed, but an enemy came behind and swed tears. And then when the crop came up, they noticed there was a mixed there's something mixed in in in the crop. And and what shall we do? And he tells them, "Wait till the end time. And in the end time, there'll come a separation. And after the separation, I'll gather the wheat back into my garner. What did Jesus tell us in that parable? He told us the whole Bible. Yeah. Amen. That's the whole Bible in one story. Yeah. Right. Simple. But you can look at the whole Bible and look at the volume of the Bible. How much how much detail is there to tell us the details of that story? Amen. And then there's things written between the lines. So I mean you talk about a volume of information to expound on this simple parable. So Jesus told us the whole Bible story in a story. The eagle in the chicken yard. Brother tells us how you know this farmer wanted a sitting. So he needed so many eggs for a sitting of eggs for the hen to sit. So he went and found an eagle egg and he put it under there and it hatched out. And that eagle he said was the funniest looking chicken you ever seen. And it lived life like a chicken cuz that's all it ever knew. But there come a time, amen, where mama eagle come hunting for her baby because she knew she had another one. Amen. And and brother Bam types this with the word that come seeking us with God. Amen. This mama eagle comes over and screams and when it screams something inside of the eagle can re can can resonate with that scream. That scream hits something inside. And and although the chickens hate that scream, this eagle loves that scream. never heard it before, but when it heard it, it was so familiar. Yeah. That it was something that resonated on the inside. A scream, a mirroring scream on the inside, although the eagle had never screamed like that before. And then we know the story. Mama eagle gives instructions. Flap your wings and you can fly. And away they go into the the wild blue yonder. So that's another parable. But this other one that I want to I want to look at right now is brother Bam tells the parable or the story of the slave buyer who was in the south in the time of slavery. And the slave buyer was going through buying slaves and and that was his business. And he comes to a place and he's trying to negotiate with the owner of the plantation. And he sees one slave that's a standout amongst all the slaves. He holds himself with dignity. He carries himself with a certain air. He he he he he asks he begins to ask about the the the owner about this slave and he says you know he's the best of the bunch and you never have to correct him he never gets whipped and he says is he treated different not treated any different than any other slave he sleeps in the same place eats the same food has the same treatment but but yet he's a standout noticeably so and he conducts himself completely different than anybody else and and so then then I'm just going to read. Oh, no. I think I've got a slide on it. I'm going to pick this story up here. And he says, "What makes him so much different from the others?" He said, "I wondered a long time myself what made him different, but one day I found out over in the homeland where they come from, Africa, his father is the king of the tribe. And yet, being an alien, he knows he's a son of a king, and he acts like one. Oh, what ought that to do to us? Though we be alienated, though we are in a dark world of unbelief and sorrow and sickness and death, yet let's act like sons and daughters of God. We are the sons and daughters of the king. It ought to change our attitude. That key phrase, lock in on that. It ought to change our attitude. Everything, no matter what the rest of the world is, we must hold up the rights of God. We remember that this is not our home. We are not of this country. were not of this world, were born of the spirit of God which is above. So this this slave though he was robbed from his home, taken to another place, this is all against his will, everything that's happening to him is things that he does not want to happen to him. Uh and he and he did not volunteer for. So are we on the same page? the things that happen to you, you do not want to happen to you and you don't volunteer for most of the time. Sometimes we do. So here he is in this. But he had knowledge of who he was. He wasn't an amnesia. He had complete understanding of who he was. He knew that he was the son of a king. And he knew that in the lands of yonder, his father is the king of the tribe. And he is the son of his father. And here he is in a foreign land in a terrible situation. But he is not going to let the circumstances dictate his actions. He's going to live by the revelation of who he is. Simple story. Profound meaning. He says again in another place, what makes him so much different than the other slaves? He said, I wondered too till I found out over in the homeland in Africa where they come from, his father is the king of the tribe. And though he's an alien, yet he knows he's a king's son. That's his character. He wanted to act like his father. [Music] Oh, God help us. This is this is so good to me. This is so powerful to me. He He is not This is If you talk about the slave, he is not at home. his odds of making it back home or how high. The situation he's in is discouraging. The the things that are happening to him are not pleasant. But he wasn't going to let down his father because he knew who he was. He was his father's son and he wanted to act like his father. Listen, I I desperately want to act like my father. Not the one on my birth certificate, but the one on the birth certificate in heaven on the lamb's book of life. I want to I want to act like that father. Amen. If I And listen, none of us have found ourselves in a circumstance as bad as this man was. Amen. But he was able by the knowledge of who he was and who his father was and where he came from. By that knowledge alone, he was able to conduct himself in a way that made him stand out amongst the other slaves. And it was noticeably different. And it was based on 100% based on what he who he was, who his father was, and his desire to act like his father. He was a prince and he conducted himself like a prince. Praise God. So those are the three parables that I want us to to hold in our mind because they're so incredibly simple and we can remember them. They're stories that we can recall. But the time that we need to remember these parables is the next time the wheels come off the bus. The next time the world falls apart. The next time disaster strikes our home or strikes our health or strikes our life. The next time that happens, we need to go back to these parables and remember who our father is. In the message uniting time in signs, he says, 'I think one of the horriblest things is to see a man or woman that's constantly complaining. I've always thought, God, keep me from it. See, that weakens faith all the time. Okay, so um this is another quote I haven't mastered yet. If we're complaining, we don't realize that when we get into difficult circumstances and we start complaining, there's a there's a few things that are happening to us. Uh one is we're weakening faith. We're actually becoming weak weaker by the complaining. And the very fact that we're complaining, the complaining is actually uh if I could say it correctly. I'm always afraid that I'll say things incorrectly, but you guys know me. you love me. I can say what brother said, "Take me for what I mean, not for what I say." But if we're complaining at the circumstances that strike our life and then we begin to complain about what's happening. Amen. Complaining, well, all of the sudden it's an accusation against the goodness of our father because he allowed it to happen. Brother Brandham said, "Nothing happens in the life of a believer unless it first crosses his desk and he signs off on it." And so God knew that these things would be this way like he did in Job's life. And God was doing it to orchestrate something for Job. And he was also doing it to display something to the devil. And this this trial served a grand purpose. Amen. And in the economy of God and for Job personally. And because of that, Amen. when Job began to complain about the unfairness of it, he had to get a correction. Amen. And we need a correction, too. Because our our complaining actually when we we start complaining, we undermine faith. And you say, "What? How does it weaken our faith? If you think about uh uh if you think about it this way, it's not as though you say uh uh why is this happening to me? This is unfair. And it's not like you have a measure of faith inside and all of a sudden in retribution to what you said uh a little bit of piece of faith goes and it falls out. It's not like that. What weakens your faith is you're losing your identity. What weakens your faith is you're losing your identity because you're forgetting who you are and where you come from and who's orchestrated your life and why things are happening to you. So the minute you complain, it's a negative confession. It's contrary to the word in spirit and it begins to weaken our faith because what strengthens our faith is faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word. And when our mouth matches the word, it strengthens our faith. When our mouth is contrary to the word, it weakens our faith. Amen. So, we have to be careful what what it is that we confess. Amen. Uh I don't want to complain and I sometimes do. I was talking to a brother yesterday at the funeral and I asked the brother, I said, "How are you doing?" He said, "Can't complain." I said, "That's wonderful." I said, 'I know a whole bunch of people who can. It's wonderful to finally meet somebody who can't. Amen. I wish I was one of those who can't complain. If God had put a bar on my mouth and I would stop it all together because it seems like it it's really easy to do. So, if you say you can't complain, I'm going to say, "Praise God. Don't don't ever start." So, I want to jump to another slide here. I want to look at at at something a little further down. if I can. And you guys know how much I love technology. So just jumping slides is like a monumental task for me. Brother Gabe makes it look super easy. 1 Corinthians 12:8, for this thing I besought the Lord thrice that it might depart from me. And he said to me, "My grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly, therefore, will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong. Listen, there's there's a reason we we want to read this together because this is absolutely contrary to human thinking. The Bible is opposite to the brain you were born with. Completely polar opposite. Paul and when when when when James tells us count it all joy and fall into device div uh uh manifold temptations completely opposite to human thinking human emotions. Now Paul is coming to another place where he has got an affliction and this affliction is a thorn in the flesh. It's a messenger of Satan. It's buffeting him. It's something that is is harmful to him that is painful. Something he's not enjoying at all. And he seeks the Lord three times and the Lord says my grace is sufficient for thee. This word sufficient means enough. If I could just put it in a nutshell, my grace is enough for you. And praise God, if we could just look at that and say, what what is my my grace is sufficient for you. And you're saying, well, then I I I've got this reservoir of grace that's enough power to overcome that. That to me, that's not what he's saying either. What he's saying is the revelation of my grace in your life. That's enough. I've told you who you are. I've chose you before the foundation of the world. I called you to be my son and I positionally placed you here. Amen. He goes back and he and if you could go back in Paul's life, Amen. He tells Ananas when Paul is on the road to Damascus and he's he meets the pillar of fire. He's smitten and stricken down blind. And Ananas is told to go to him. He says, "Lord, I've heard of this man. He's doing all of these horrible things to the church." He said, "Go thy way, Ananas." Amen. For thou must tell him what things he must suffer for my name's sake. Amen. He called He called Paul by grace. By grace. Not by works. Paul was doing all kinds of wonderful religious works. Amen. What he thought Yeah. were wonderful. He was working for the church. He was serving God. He thought he was standing up for the truth. He thought, Amen. In a meeting with the pillar of fire, it unraveled everything that he thought that he was doing for God. Amen. And it crushed him. And then he realized he was saved by grace. That the grace of God had met him. The grace of God had called him to the ministry. The grace of God had told him, "Amen, you are going to be a light unto the Gentiles." And called him as a son, positionally placed him as an apostle and gave him his commission out of Isaiah that you're a light unto the Gentiles. That was all by grace. Not anything Paul earned, Paul did, Paul could have ever done to get that position. That was grace. So now when he comes into a trial in his flesh where he's being buffeted and afflicted by the devil, Amen. All of the sudden, Amen. when God says, "Listen, Paul, my grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness." All the sudden Paul realizes, "Hey, I don't need anything else but the revelation of his grace in my life." Sometimes we think when when we read this scripture, at least I've thought in the past, my grace is sufficient for you. It's almost like God saying, "Okay, Paul, now I'm going to pour out to you extra strength." That's grace. Amen. Strength comes from revelation. Amen. It comes from being reconnected to who you are. Amen. When life gets difficult and things happen that you don't want to happen. Amen. And you go to prayer and you ask God for strength. Amen. I don't I I don't believe God's pouring into you a cup of something else. He's already given you of his spirit. Amen. You're already born again by the spirit of God. What I think God's doing for us is reconnecting us back to our revelation of who we are and who he is. And that his grace is enough. It's enough for every trial. It's enough for everything you'll face. It's enough for every circumstance in your life. You don't know what you're going to face tomorrow. You don't know what you're going to face next week. You don't know what's coming after that. But one thing you should be assured of is that you are a son or daughter of God. And God has orchestrated your life. And whatever you have need of, he'll give to you in the moment. His grace is sufficient for us. His grace in our lives is enough. And he doesn't have to prove it to me again by delivering me from this next affliction. He's already proved it to me by grace, by revelation. So then with this revelation that God is going to use weakness to show his power when when he says for my strength is made perfect in weakness that means he can't now make Paul strong because his strength is made perfect in weakness. Right. So, in order for him to show his strength, he can't take away Paul's weakness. So, this wasn't God giving him superhuman this or that. This was God reconnecting him with grace and saying, "Paul, don't worry. My strength is made perfect in weakness." So, God at this point couldn't have made him strong. He could only make him strong in faith. He couldn't have made him strong in body because he made him strong in body, then he wouldn't show his strength. Do we get it? So many times we want God to take away whatever it is afflicting us and whatever it is as our weakness and whatever is making us weak. Amen. But if he's going to show his strength through weakness, he can't give us strength. He has to give us the he has to reconnect us with grace. And we have to realize who we are and who he is and where we fall in his economy. And that grace, amen, gives us enough faith to carry us through in the weakness because he can't take the weakness away if he's going to show his strength in our weakness. Amen. We're on the same page. I think sometimes we keep pray, God, make me strong. Make me strong. Make me strong. But what Paul realized was, God, I need to stay weak. I need to stay weak because you're strong. and you show how strong you are by by working through my weakness and now you've connected me back to grace and I realize that that's enough. It's enough for me. Now look what he says next. Verse 10. Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities. God help us. Help us. I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong. Praise God. I want this Bible be I want this word to become more than a Bible verse. I want it to become a living reality in my life. Amen. In the message shalom, brother Brandham says, you say, "But brother Brandham, what about my mother, my dad? What about my people? What about my denomination? What will they do? They'll cast me out. If you can't look, if you can't look ahead, look up. Don't try to look ahead anyway. Put your hand in his. Let him lead you. Look up. Don't look ahead. You say, "Why? Why others make fun of me about my long hair, my taking off shorts, about my leaving the church." Suffering for his name's sake is growing pains of his grace. Amen. You're growing into grace. What is grace? Grace is his unmmerited favor. That's the revelation he gave you when he called you. Growing into that revelation of grace, suffering for his nameshake is growing pains of his grace. You're growing into the fullness of that grace. Suffering for his word, see, is growing pains of his grace. Yes, sir. Just remember, it's the grace of God has been given to you. Oh my. Like Paul said, hallelujah. He had an infirmity. Something was bothering him. The devil would buffet him blow after blow. And he consulted the Lord three times to take it away from him. Said, "I don't want this, Lord. Take it away from me." And then one night the Lord spoke to him and said, "Saul or Paul, my grace is sufficient." He said, "Then I'll glory in my infirmity. I'll glory in. I know you're the healer. I've seen you heal the sick, raise the dead, cast out devils, open the eyes of the blind. But if I've consulted you and tell me it's your grace is sufficient, then this devil that bothers me is the growing pains of your grace, then I'll glory in my infirmities. Amen. Sometimes what God is doing is growing us in his grace. Growing us to realize what grace is and how it's everything to us. Growing us into the fullness of adoption. Amen. I'm going to try to go back now. Praise God. I made a move. Now we're going to make a move back. Pray for me. Amen. Amen. I think I can find it. All right. This is where we were. We complaining weakens faith all the time. Now, I want to go to uh Acts chapter 5. But if it be of God, you cannot overthrow it, lest happily you be found even to fight against God. Amen. This is Galiel talking to the council when they've brought the the the Christians and brought Paul and uh John and Peter, it is brought them in because they healed the blind man or the lame man. And to him they agreed. And when they had called the apostles and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus and let them go. And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name. See, this is the language of the Bible. Count it all joy, rejoicing in persecution, glorying in affirmities and in weaknesses and necessities. And all of a sudden, we find the Bible is so different than human thinking that we're going to need we're going to need a different spirit. We're going to need different eyes. We're going to need a different understanding to move forward in God. Help us, God. Yes. Amen. Says, "For every son that cometh to God must be tried and proven and tested. He lets sickness strike you. He lets diseases come on you to test you and to prove you to show the world that you're truly the seed of Abraham. He permits it by his own will. He permits disasters. He permits the friends to turn against you. He permits all things and turns the devil loose to tempt you. And he'll do all but take your life. He could throw you on a bed of affliction. He could turn your neighbors against you. He could turn the church against you. He can do most anything. And it's God's will for him to do it. We are taught that it is more precious than gold to us. Listen what? Listen friends, it we we see at the top that that's 59 1108 possessing it. So we know brother Brandham said it. So when we read it, we get to the end of it, we all automatically say amen because brother Brandham said it. And we know that that that was the mouthpiece of God in this generation. But listen, what did he say? Amen. What is he saying? What is more precious than gold to us? Disasters, friends turn against you, turns the devil loose to tempt you, but do all but take your life, throw you on a bed of affliction, turn your neighbors against you, turn the church against you, uh everything. And we're taught that that's more precious than gold to us. God, let me remember these three parables. I'm an eagle. I I'm a maybe a slave, slaved and trapped in this body of hybridization, trapped in this place far from home, but I've got a father over yonder, and he's a king of the tribe. And though I'm separated from him, I'm going to act just like him and conduct myself as a son of my father. I'm not going to bring shame to him or shame to the family name. I'm separated. May be no hope of going back, but I'm going to please my father and act just like him. Amen. Let's turn together to Acts 16. Like to read this one together. Amen. I love this kind of preaching because this is absolutely what we need every day of our lives because I will preach this today and probably by Thursday I'm going to have to go back and listen to it again because I probably will have said something I shouldn't say and probably taken an attitude I shouldn't have. Amen. We could probably preach this every other Sunday and still not have it enough because the body we live in and the world we live in, we've got to rise above it and we're going to rise above it. Amen. Not by magical fairy dust of some super super strength. It's going to be the revelation of who we are. And we're going to have to that's going to have to become reality. Listen, that was not a concept to the slave man. That slave down south who was conducting himself no matter what was going on. He conducted himself as a son of a king. That was not a theory. That was not a concept. That was not a good teaching. That was his life. That was his identification. That is who he was. Amen. And it wasn't who he was aspiring to be. It's who he was. It wasn't who he was hoping what he was. It was who he knew he was. And listen, we cannot come to this kind, this Bible kind of manifestation until we settle the question, who am I? And who is my father? It's got to be more than a theory. It's got to be more than an idea. It's got to be more than a concept. And it's got to be more than something we're aspiring to. It has to be the grace of God in our lives. And his grace is sufficient. Amen. It's got to be a revelation. It's got to be a knowing. Amen. Because life comes fast and life comes hard and it has ways of piling up. I say all the time that trials don't come in onesies. They come by threes and all a sudden they pile on top of you. Bang, bang, bang. Amen. And they completely overwhelm the human psyche and your emotional realm and all physical capabilities. We get completely overwhelmed. But when we get completely overwhelmed, we need to come back to the revelation of who we are. Amen. I am a child of God. Completely overwhelmed in the outer man. But there's something on the inner man that's different than the outer man. We need to remember who we are. And it's got to be a a reality to us. Acts 16 and 19 says this is the this is uh when Paul and Silas were preaching and they cast out a spirit out of a soothsayer and everybody got upset of with them for it. And and it says in verse 19, "And when her master saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers, and brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city, and teach customs which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans." And the multitude rose up together against them, and the magistrates ran off their clothes, and commanded to beat them. And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into the prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely, who having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in stalks. And at midnight, Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God. And the prisoners heard them. And suddenly there was a great earthquake so that the foundation of the prison were shaken and immediately the doors were open and everyone's bands were loosed. All right, we've we've we've preached on this. We've talked about it a lot. We all know it. But it is remarkable nonetheless. It's remarkable to me as a human being and it's encouraging to me as a son of God that when we see Paul and Silas so horribly treated for doing nothing wrong. I mean they cast an evil spirit out of a woman. Come on. They they delivered her from a tormenting devil. They cast an evil spirit. And but when they saw that they couldn't use her anymore, the poor woman being delivered, they would lose money. They they got angry with them. They took him for the magistrate, falsely accused them, stripped their clothes off, laid many stripes on them. Listen, this is a bad day. I've said this before. I don't think any of us have had a day this bad. Sometimes we come home from work and said, "A horrible day. Everything went wrong." Amen. I think your wife should just get this out and start reading through this. Next time you say that, this should be the dinner reading. Amen. At the dinner table, when you say, "Everything went wrong today." Why? What happened? Oh, I broke a drill bit and I couldn't find this tool and and so and so at work they whatever the servers went down and I lost a project I've been working on for a month and and I've had the worst day ever. Just say, "Honey, I'd like to read something to you." Amen. These things are here for us. They laid many stripes on them, sent them to the prisoner and said, the guard and said, "Keep them safe." So he put them in the inner prison and he made their feet fast in stocks. You know, Brother Brham taught us something. He said Elijah was a a man of like passions as we uh Brother Brandham made the characters in the Bible real people with real problem. He showed us Elijah getting discouraged and running out to the juniper tree and running to the cave. He he showed us all of these things. But I don't know, this is just this is just me just thinking on human terms. I don't know that Paul and Silas when they first were thrown into the inner prison, backs bleeding, bruised, hurting, and they fastened their feet in stocks and they walked out. I don't believe they were giggling and telling jokes and all of a sudden super excited because I I I I love this terminology. It says at midnight Yeah. Paul and Silas pray. It It makes you think that there was a trans transpiring of some time. And maybe Paul and Silas had to get over the shock to the human system. Maybe. I don't I'm not saying it's that way. But if if they were of like passions as we are and we can put ourselves in that situation, I I can imagine they probably had to sort through some things in their mind. They probably had to come to terms with where they were and what was going on and and what had just happened to them and where they were now and what were the prospects for the future. What was going to happen next? How could you be a human being and not think about what was going to happen next and not reflect on what had just happened and not be hurting? Listen, they were hurting outside and inside because they were humanly offended. They were stripped naked, falsely accused and beaten. Listen, you can't go through that without being wounded in your spirit realm. And their body was wounded. But but something something happened with Paul and Silas. And the Bible doesn't give us the details, but I'll give you some details in my life. Amen. Sometimes you get shock and awe at circumstances in life and you get completely overwhelmed and smashed flat as a pancake and you don't know what's going to happen tomorrow, why this happened and where you're at and there's no feeling in your heart but despair and hopelessness and all is lost. Amen. But if you just meditate for a while and you just get quiet before God, all of a sudden a little flicker starts on the inside and something begins to happen and you have to remember, I'm still a son of God. Amen. I still have a father and my father watches over me. Every Bible in the every verse in the Bible is still the truth. I'm feeling miserable. I'm feeling horrible. I'm in despair. I'm I'm depressed or I'm upset or I'm offended or I'm agitated or I'm angry. It doesn't matter. You'll have all of those feelings. Amen. There's nothing wrong with having those feelings. What's wrong is speaking those feelings and making those your identification. We've got to go back to the revelation come by grace and say no matter what happens his grace is sufficient for me. No matter what happens I'm a son of God. I have a father. Spiritual amnesia is broken. See the the devil is trying through the circumstances to bring amnesia back. Because brother Ram said sometimes it comes from a shock or a blow. So he's trying to give you a shock or a blow to bring spiritual amnesia back. And you may suffer with temporary amnesia. Has anybody had temporary amnesia since you became a Christian? Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes it lasts a little longer than others. Amen. But but you get temporary amnesia and you start to say, "Everything's falling apart. Everything's lost. We're destroyed. Our life is over. Hey, we've lost then all of a sudden, if we could just get quiet and just reconnect with our father. And if we could just see our father again, we would realize everything's okay. Everything's okay. Brother Brandham tells a story. I just want to share this story with you because it really meant something to me. This is in the message the Messiah from 1961. He and he talks about it more than one place, but he talks about a family in Germany and the man was a chaplain in the in the army or the air force. I don't remember which one, but he was a chaplain over there in the military service and their baby got sick and was at the point of dying and they wanted brother Bham to come and pray for the baby and they were willing to fly him out and back in one day even getting a military plane. That's what he said. and and the baby died. But the mom and the dad refused to accept it. They even told the doctor. Brother Mam says the doctor had even they had even given the doctor a copy of of um Prophet Visit South Africa. And the doctor was willing to wait. The baby had died, but the doctor kept the oxygen on the baby because they said, "God's going to raise it up. God's going to raise up my baby. We believe and we're going to They're trying to get Brother Be." They called him multiple times. Brother said they called four or five times that day. And he said, "I went to pray that afternoon and that night." He said, "Finally, God says," don't touch it. That's the hand of the Lord." So, you can imagine what these parents went through. Brother Beam called him back and said, "I can't come. He told me that this is his hand." And so, the baby was already dead. They had to turn the oxygen off. They had to bury the baby. They had to do all of those things. tell the doctor and they were so confident that God was going to raise their baby, that brother Random could come and God would raise their baby and it didn't happen according to their desire or what they thought. Then a little bit later, Brother Bam tells him the story. This woman comes to Brother Bam's house and they're fellowshipping and they're visiting later. This is sometime later after the baby dies after this whole set of circumstances and she said, the woman says, "What was it, Brother Brandham? my weakness of faith. She wants to know why when she was believing but the baby didn't die, was it my weakness of faith? And I tell you right now, every one of us would face that question if we went through the same circumstances. Every one of us would face that same question. Is this my fault? Is this because I didn't have enough faith? Is this because I didn't believe the word enough? And this is what brother Ben Brown says and this is what helped me so much. He said, I said, 'You have great faith. You prayed for your baby. You and your husband held on to it. God raised that baby and he refuse to do it because he knows what's best. And still you love him. That's real faith. I hope that helps you like it helped me because we've been through things like this in life. when you thought for sure God was going to answer, God was going to change. Amen. The the promise is true. The word says, "And by his stripes and we knew, we were holding on with faith. We were believing with everything in us. And then it doesn't happen the way we expect it to happen." Yes. And then this woman had a legitimate question for Brother Bam. Brother Brandham, was it the weakness of my faith? He said, "No, sister. You've got great faith. You and your husband have great faith because no matter what what you were claiming, what you were believing, what you were holding on to, God refused to do it because he had a better plan. But when God refused to do it and you buried that baby anyways, you kept loving God. That's real faith. Listen, all of us, I don't know. I don't know. I I personally don't know of any Christians who've come to the Lord and had every single prayer answered and can't say they can't say anywhere that they've ever been disappointed that it didn't go according I mean some people try to act like everything works out and I pray and God always but sometimes he says no sometimes he says no and he allows things to go in a way we never thought he would allow them to go and then we have to deal with those consequences es and that's when we realize that's when the test really comes. Do you love him or not? And this woman and her husband proved that they loved them. And this is what brother Am goes on to say. He said, "And still you love him." That's real faith. Anybody when mountains are moving and things can have faith, but let it go backwards one time and see how it works. That's when you prove whether you got faith or not. Right? That's when grace has to be sufficient for you. The grace of knowing who you are in God. Brother man, I'm going to go and read a section out of Simran Church Age from the Church Age book. And all of you know this really well because I've been through it several times. But it's the section in the in the SRAN church age where he says, "I know I know thy tribulation and I know thy suffering." And God knows his suffering. And I'm going to just highlight a few things. I won't read every word here, but just just hang with me and pay close attention. Uh, and I'm going to when brother Ram goes to a scripture, I'm going to go to that scripture. He says, "Now the Lord God always says, I know here he is walking in the midst of his people. There he is, the chief shepherd of the flock, but does he hold back the persecution? Does he stem the tribulation?" No, he does not. No, he simply says, "I know your tribulation. I'm not all at all unmindful of your suffering. What a stumbling block this is to so many people like Israel. They wonder if God really loves them. How can God be just and loving if he stands by and watches his people suffer? That's a good question. If you get the revelation that God is your father and you feel so secure that you have a father and you feel so safe and protected and secure that you have a father but then that father stands by and let you go through a trial or tribulation that feels like it's too much to handle. Amen. It's easy to question the love of a father. But it's his love that lets us go through it. It's his love that lets us. He knows what's in us and he knows what we're capable of and he knows the questions he has to answer in our heart and he knows the manifestation he wants to bring out of us and he knows what he's training us for. And his love doesn't prevent every trouble. His love will allow us to go through I say some, but maybe many trials and tribulations. He goes to Malachi and he shows that God's love is elective love by showing the difference between Jacob and Esau. That God's love is election. Then he goes on to say this. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. It is his prerogative. He is sovereign. But it all it is all with a purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. His purpose is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. As Job said, he put strength in us. You see, he himself suffered. He learned obedience by the things that he suffered. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. And he's speaking of Jesus Christ here in flesh. He grew and increased in knowledge and stature with God and with man. That he did so through suffering. And this is the scripture that he goes to next. Though he were a son, yet learned the obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Amen. I want to read it up here. I just read what brother said. I added a little more up here. He goes on and says, "And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation to all that know." Okay, I had it on there. So, so Jesus set an example for us. Jesus Christ was God made in flesh and he couldn't bypass suffering. So we can't bypass suffering. So if we can't bypass suffering, I think we need to learn how to embrace suffering and get the maximum benefit out of it. Because I think that's what the Bible's teaching us. Brother says in plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. I want to say that again. Who are we talking about? God gone in flesh. We're talking about Jesus Christ. And listen to what he said. The very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. I'm going to read it again because I don't think it really hits us who he's talking about. He's talking about Jesus Christ, sinless son of God. Amen. Virgin born. Amen. But he says in very in plain language, the character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering and that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. Why did he want this? Then he goes to James 1. We read this in our opening scripture. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into divers diverse temptations, knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh as patience. And let patience have her perfect work that you may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. What does he Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 to18. So I'm going to put that up. Oh no, I got one more scripture. In Hebrews 2, he says, "For it became him for whom are all things and by whom are all things and bringing many sons into glory to make the captain of their salvation perfect through suffering." Who's the captain of your salvation? Jesus Christ. How is he made perfect through suffering? If he, sinless, virgin born had to be made perfect through suffering. What about us who came in a certain c cursed body? Amen. How what what's going to bring us to perfection? What is going to bring us to completion? What will bring us to adoption? It you there can be no other mechanism that will produce it than the same one that produced it in the sinless virgin-born son of God. All the sons of God are going to have to come through suffering. So that's why James says, "Count it all joy." Amen. Oh God, help us to count it all joy. Let us look beyond the trial to the goal. Let us look to the destination. Let us keep our eyes lifted above the circumstances in life because that's what the slave had to do. He had his eyes focused across the sea back to who his father was and where he came from. We've got to get our eyes focused outside of this dimension and outside of this realm into the realm, the reality. This is the vapor. This is the mist. This is the shadow. This is the negative. That's everything. That's the reality. And we've got to live for the reality, not for the shadow. Live for the perfection, not for this imperfection. And we could focus on that. Amen. Then maybe we can start counting it all joy. Maybe then our trials can be more precious than gold. Maybe then we could start to view circumstances the way the Bible teaches us to view circumstances. Amen. So then he comes and he says, "Why does he stand by?" That's the question. Why does he just listen? How many of you have ever prayed a prayer and said, "God, in a fraction of a second, you could change this whole thing. God, with the tip of your finger, with a nod, with a look, with a thought, you can change. Why aren't you doing it?" I I hope I'm not been the only one who's been there. totally desperate, agonizing, needing an answer immediately and getting nothing. And brother says, why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children, then hes of God and joints with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Why does he stand by? Brother Bam said because of the scripture. Amen. Because we are joint hes with Christ. If so be we suffer with him. This is why we should embrace suffering. Amen. Because suffering has a destination and it brings us to a destination. Amen. With God, suffering is never pointless. Never aimless, never without a purpose. It's never It's never for torture, never for pain. It's always for a purpose. In 2 Timothy 2, he says, "It is a faithful saying for we for if we be dead with him, we shall also live with him. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. If we deny him, he also will deny us." So, who wants to reign with him? Who wants to believe be in the millennial reign and share even his throne? Okay. Did you raise your hand? I hope I hope Franco got a still shot because next time you call complaining. I'm going to circle the still shot. Remind you the question. Send it back and said you wanted to reign with him. So if we suffer, we shall also reign. Amen. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. What's the path to the throne? The path to the throne is through suffering. Trials, tribulations, testing. Amen. Because it brings growth to us. it manifest what's on the inside. Amen. It requires a revelation of who we are to pass through. And this is the path. Amen. This is God's goal for us. Brother Ram said, "Why does he stand by?" This is the reason he stands by. He stands by because if he doesn't allow you to suffer, you can't reign with him. Amen. He says, "If we suffer with him, back in Romans, we may also be glorified together with him." So when we're suffering through something in life and we feel it's unfair and we can't take it no more and it's more than we can bear and it and it's not just and it's not fair and all of these things that we feel because those are the things that we feel. I mean we don't want to become super pious and religious and say we don't feel that way. That's exactly how you feel. You feel you feel forsaken. You feel forgotten. You feel unfairly treated. You feel like everything's happening to you and nobody else. Amen. That's human. Amen. But we got to go beyond human. Amen. We got to go to the mind of Christ, which is his word. And we got to look at the word and say, "The word tells the truth. My brain is telling me a lie. Amen. My emotions are lying, but the word is true." So if we suffer, we shall also reign with him. I think this is why we should embrace suffering because suffering is the path to the throne. Brother goes on. I'm I'm going to finish what he says here. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. Is that plain? Okay, that is pretty plain, friends. And you know what we spend all of our time doing? Trying to bypass suffering. Hey, hey, listen. I'm the guiltiest of the guilty. But if something looks like it's going to be painful, I find every way in the world to bypass it. Amen. If a circumstance will be painful of a situation, if I see something in the future, I will try any way to avoid it. Amen. To try to get away from the pain of suffering. Amen. And I've got a good father who won't let me dodge it forever. Amen. He's a good father. But he says, unless we suffer with him, we're still in the church ages book and the Smyrna church age. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. So when God allows trials and temptations, tribulation, suffering, it's really one of the nicest things he's ever done for us. It doesn't feel that way, but that's why we can't rely on feelings. Amen. We've got to go back to Revelation. Then he goes on to say, "The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. So you cannot go to the millennial throne without character. You cannot get character by impartation of a gift. You can only get character by having victory over the circumstances in life." Amen. So God has to allow circumstances in life so that you can get victory, so that you can have character, so that you can rule and reign with Christ for a thousand years. It's your position. It's where you're predestinated to be. But in order to be there, the Father and his infinite knowledge knows that you're going to need something when you get there that you can get here. And he's not going to let you bypass. He's going to make sure you get here what you need there. And what you get here is the path to get there. Amen. And I got a feeling once we get there, we'll be thankful for everything that ever happened in our life. So let's start looking there and stop looking here. Amen. And start getting satisfied with what God is doing in our lives. Help us, God. Please help us. He says, "Now power apart from character is satanic, but power with character is fit to rule. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is sat down in the father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little temporary sufferings we go through now little temporary. You know what brother Bam's doing? He's putting life in perspective. Because when you're going through it, it does not feel like a little temporary suffering. And I I've thought too, why is every trial the worst? I mean, I've had trials in the past, but this is the worst. And there's sometimes I'd be like, I'll go back to the one that I thought was the worst 10 years ago. I'd go back in a heartbeat. Why is it the worst? Because we have to understand God is building character in us. So, he always has to test us to our new level of character to bring us to another level of character. He can't take us back where we were. Listen, you don't come to the 10th grade and start doing fifth grade math again just so you can feel good about yourself for passing tests. That's pointless. Amen. And and the same thing with God. It's pointless to do that. He's always taking us to our max because what is he doing? He's making us fit to rule with him for a thousand years. He's got a predestinated place for us at the throne of God, on the throne of God. We have to fill that position. And in order to fill the position, we've got to get the character now. And to get that character, we've got to be growing the same way Jesus grew in his earthly life according to the word. If he went to his throne through suffering, how are we going to go share his throne without the same mechanism? Now he says, and the little temporary sufferings, you know what? I I should just use that line in counseling when somebody's sitting across from me and weeping because life is falling apart and nothing's working out right and I should say now this little temporary suffering. I can just imagine the scowlling look like you don't understand. But maybe we do understand. Maybe somebody outside standing to the side can understand this is for the glory of God. This is for your good. God allowed it, so it's right. God's permitting it to continue, so it's beneficial. So this little suffering we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter his kingdom through much tribulation. Are you willing? Amen. I'm willing. Why am I willing? Because by revelation, I believe that's my position. Oh, praise God. I don't even know where I'm going next. Praise the Lord. Amen. Here again in the Smyrnan church age book, he says, "Think it not strange concerning the fiery trials that are to try you." That is what Peter said. Is is it strange that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? I love the way Brother B asked these questions. If you just stand them alone, they're hilarious. Is it strange that God wants us to develop Christlike character that comes through suffer? Well, obviously the answer is no. But when you're in the midst of it, the answer doesn't feel like no. That's right. Yeah. I mean, somebody's having the worst day of their life and you say, "Listen, this isn't strange. This is okay." Yeah. Is it strange that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? No sir. And we all have trials. We all are tried and chasened as sons. Not one that goes through that. Not one that goes that goes through that. The church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it. Isn't it of God? Hebrews 12:6. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastenneth and scorgth every son whom he receiveth. But if you be without chastisement whereof of all our partakers, then you are bastards and not sons. Look at the part that I made bold. The Lord whom he beloved chasteneth and scourgeeth every son whom he receiveth. So if God chastens and scourges you, you're a son. Amen. Praise God. I'm a son and I'm suffering because I've got a place on the throne. And I'm being I'm being tried and tested because God wants my outcome to be perfect because he's got a place for me to fulfill. And he's he's scoring me. He won't let me get away with anything. Why? Because he loves me. Amen. because I'm a son. How many times has the devil tried to convince us that trials, testings, scorgings are because we're not a son? But the Bible tells us that every son. These come because you are a son, not because you're not a son. But the devil gets in the circumstance and gets in your ear and says, "Listen, nothing's working out for you. And listen, everything's going wrong and all these things are happening to you. Maybe you're not a son of God. Maybe you just thought you were. Maybe you're just deceived. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And you can look back at him and say, "This is happening because I am a son. Because he knows who I am, and he knows where I'm going. I know where I came from. And all things work together for good to them who love God and are the called according to his purpose." We've got to defeat lies with the truth. We got to fight back, not with more thoughts. When that thought comes, don't go back and try to think of all the good things you've ever done to prove that you're a son of God. go right back to the word. Amen. That's right. Every son whom he receiveth. But if you be without chastisement, we're of all our partakers. Then you are bastards and not sons. We should like chastisement. Right? Like I mean I don't mean the outside man. He shouldn't like it. But the inside man. Amen. Now this special condition in Smyrna must be applied to every age. There is no age free from it. There is no true believer free from it. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us the truth that we are to suffer and to be Christlike in doing it. We I agree with what brother Brandham said. We need the Lord to teach us. Yeah. Amen. We need the Lord to teach us. I want to go through a few scriptures along these lines. Hebrews 12, for whom the Lord loveth, he chasteneth, and scorgth every son. Oh, this is the one we just read. Uh, Philippians 1, for unto you it is given to in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake. So our job is not just to believe but to suffer. For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ not only to believe on him but also to suffer for his sake. So we're we're here for more than just to believe on him. We're here to suffer for his sake as well. First Peter 4 one. For as much then as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind. For he that hath suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin, that he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lust of men, but to the will of God. Amen. Some of our suffering I want I just want to as I wind down, I want to wrap up with another thought. Some of our suffering is not just negative circumstances in life. So, we've got levels of suffering for Christ's sake. You've got uh not levels, I shouldn't say, but different ways in which we suffer. Some of that is by persecution where you're actually persecuted for what you believe for standing with the word and somebody will mock you or reject you or say you're wrong or fight against you, kick you out of a church or whatever, dysfellowship you because of your standard of the word. That is one level of of suffering. Right? There's another level of suffering that comes through testings that God allows in our life. Sickness and trials and temptations and hardship and difficulties and all that's a whole another level of suffering. And all of these work the same end. Amen. They're all useful in in building our character, helping us to overcome and positionally placing us where we go, bringing us to adoption and positionally placing us on the throne of God. They're all good. But there's another level of suffering for his name's sake that I just want to share with you because I I've been meditating on it and it's a powerful level of suffering. And this level of suffering is self-denial for the sake of the word. It has nothing to do with outside forces, outside circumstances, outside people. But this has everything to do with you and your flesh choosing the word over the desires of the flesh. Amen. And you may say, "Well, well, that's not suffering." Listen, wrestling with yourself can be suffering. Telling your flesh, "No, just go do it sometime." Yeah. Decide you're going to fast for a day and tell me whether you suffer or not. Just say, "I'm going to fast. I'm going to need a prayer and fast." And tell me if your body doesn't rebel. And your body, your stomach will be there hammering on the inside. I'm hungry. I want food. Feed me. Feed me. Feed. And you're praying and all you can think is food. Food. Cheeseburgers. French fries. Sounds funny, but your flesh is rebellious. Rebellious to the word of God. Doesn't submit to the word. It's something on the inside that wants something more from God, something deeper, and want to go a deeper way. But your flesh wants the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, the pride of life. It wants the things of the world. It wants to satisfy itself. And you go try to deny that. And when you go to deny that, it comes in rebellion. And there can be actual suffering in this war you have with yourself. Amen. You know, there's there's individuals we know there's there's people because of the word of God in their marriage situation, they've had to remain single all of their life. They got in a bad situation. They had something happen to them, something they didn't want, a bad choice that they made. And you you don't believe for a moment that that loneliness is not suffering. And don't believe for a moment that somebody who is stuck in a divorce condition or had an engagement that that ended or or a situation where they're they're not free to marry and they've had to live years and years alone. Don't think that loneliness is not suffering. And don't think that there's not a temptation to find a loophole or make an excuse or a reason that I can be married because the body's screaming and crying for affection, for companionship. The spirit wants the the human spirit wants companionship and love like anybody else. But those who choose to put the word first, they're suffering for his name's sake because that's his word. That's what he wants. That's his life. And I'm not going to bring a reproach against my father, but I'm here. Amen. I'm I'm a slave to this condition, but I want to act like my father. Christ wrestled with his own flesh. Is that right? He had to wrestle in the subjection. Brother Bham said that that the wrestling in Gethsemane, he was wrestling over a choice. Would he take the sins of the world or would he stay with his disciples? What he wanted to do? Yeah. The Bible also says Jesus in prayer, he says, "Father, I sanctified myself for their sakes." Brother Rem said he could have had a family. He could have done this or that. Amen. And not been not been wrong in it because he was a human being. He said, "But he he was able to sanctify himself for their sakes." And don't think that Jesus did not have to give up. Did not have to wrestle with his own flesh. He had to wrestle with his own flesh, with his own human desire. And if he had to, we have to. And there's a certain measure of suffering for his name's sake. It is suffering to stay with the word when everything in your body or emotions want you to go outside his word. It's not necessarily persecution from somebody. It's not necessarily sickness or financial strength. It's a war that's going on inside where you rise up and say, "I'm not going to give into the flesh. I'm going to stay with the word." Amen. Why? Because I know where I came from and I know where I'm going. And there's something far better than what this temporary suffering. These are all ways in which we suffer for his name's sake. We see in the apostles, they claim Jesus Christ. They claimed the resurrection. They were stoned to death. They suffered for his name's sake. When you take the word over culture, when you take the word over your flesh, when you stay with the word no matter what, you're also suffering for his name's sake. You're also putting him first. Hebrews 11 tells us by faith Moses when he was come to years refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter choosing rather to suffer the afflictions with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt for he had respect and the recompense of the reward. He left comfort. He left ease. He left it all to bear the reproach of Christ. In Hebrews 13 says to us, "Wherefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood suffered without the gate. Let us go forth therefore unto him without the camp bearing his reproach." That's what the disciples were able to do. They were able to leave the old Jewish traditions of the fathers and bear his reproach outside the camp. That's what many of you were able to do when you left the denomination you were raised in and left the traditions that you had to come to the message. But oh, let's keep going outside the camp. Amen. Let's keep going outside the camp. Amen. In first Peter 4, this is the one that brother referred to several times. He said, "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fire trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened unto you. But rejoice in so much that you are partakers of Christ's sufferings, that when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye. For the spirit of the glory, for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you. On your part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified. But let none of you suffer as a murderer, as a thief, or as an evildoer, as a busy body in other men's matters. Yet if any man suffers a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God on this behalf. Think it not strange concerning the trials. And if you are reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye. Let that be true. And I want to conclude with this if the musicians want to come. John 16:33. These things I have spoken unto you that in me you might have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. Let's all stand together. This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. And how do we have faith? By grace. And his grace is sufficient for us. Amen. There's there's many things that come our way and difficulties, but the Bible is clear. Our response should be count it all joy, rejoice, be happy, and be of good cheer. I want to go over that again. Can we go over it again? It's fun. The reason it's fun is it's so contrary to the human nature we're born with. It's fun to put this flesh back in its place. It's fun to take dominion over the mind, to take dominion over the emotions, and say, "Listen, I'm not going to be controlled by this emotional realm anymore because I've been given the mind of Christ, which is the word of God." Amen. And so now, no matter what happens to me, God help me. Listen, if we get into the practical reality of exercising this, I think it's going to be a bit like Paul and Silas. You you you may get falsely accused, knocked down, beat, locked in stocks, and fastened in the inner prison. And it may not be the first five minutes you start singing, but oh, just let the revelation keep coming and let truth keep filtering in and keep dispelling the lie with the word. And maybe after a while, maybe after an hour, maybe after two hours, all of a sudden, you start saying, "God is good all the time." Amen. Amen. Locked in stocks in the inner prison being beaten and stripped naked. God is good. Amen. All the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. Let's sing this. Do you know the song? Let's sing this together. Listen, we don't have to be dreary and beat down. Hey, we get down. Absolutely. We go. We're like passions as Elijah and Elijah this day. We saw brother Brandham get down. We saw him get discouraged. We saw all of that. But you saw him always bounce back and come to the truth. He always saw the truth prevail over his emotions. You always He got down. Yeah. You get down. Yeah. But let the truth bring you back. Let this grace be sufficient for you. Amen. Get to the place where we just start weighing out what's going on and saying, "Listen, I'm in a little bit of shell shock right now. I'm overwhelmed by what just happened to me. I got blindsided by something I never saw coming." And then just start remembering, Amen. Who I who I belong to? Whose blood purchased me? Whose son am I? Where did I come from? Where am I going? And what is God trying to do with me now? And then all of a sudden, you say, "It's all good because all things work together for good to them who love God and are thee called according to his purpose." And that scripture always works and always applies. That's what we need. Oh, let's just sing the song together. Brother John, if you'll help me. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. And if you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised you never leave you or forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He wrote a song of praise. In this heart of mine, God is good all the time. [Music] darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. And we were sinners so unworthy. And for us, he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting. Oh, and his mercy they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. And though I may not understand all the love you have for me, but my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith, I can clearly see that God is good all the time. A song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. He put a darkness. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Praise God. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Could Paul and Silas sing that song in stocks with bleeding back? Could Could he sing? Could they say? I think they could. If they can, we can. Amen. Remember, count it all joy. Amen. Be of good cheer. Be happy. Be ye happy. Don't be surprised that this is happening. This is more precious than gold to us. You know what we need? We need some good friends that when we get down will tell us the truth. Cuz little times we go to we go to friends who will pet us and stroke us and say, "Oh, I'm so sorry. This is so bad. You're right. Everything's horrible and nothing's working out. You poor poor thing." And those when we're feeling down, those are the people we like. But you know who we need to come in contact? We need to come in somebody who will say, "Hey, listen, but sister, all things work together for good to them that love God and are called according to his purpose." And and then as soon as that person says that, something in you is like, "Why did they say that?" And then you say, "Oh, doesn't the Bible say count it all joy when you fall?" Hey, let's sing a song of praise together. Those are the kind of friends we need. We need somebody to to bring us back to our right mind, to bring us back to the mind of Christ, to bring us back to the word of God and the purpose in our lives until we can say, "Hey, listen. Listen, brother, listen, sister. His grace is still sufficient for you. Are you a child of God? Is God your father? Are you here for a purpose? Has he orchestrated your life? Then what's the problem? The problem is this flesh. Let's get away from the flesh and get into the spirit and worship God. Oh, praise God. God is good, friends. Help us to grow, grow in grace and in knowledge with God and with man. Let's get to the place where we can get quiet in our troubles and begin to reflect on who we really are. Don't let amnesia creep back in. Keep it out with the word of God cuz his grace is sufficient. Let's bow our heads and pray together and thank God. Oh, heavenly father, we thank you, Lord. God, I thank you for a revelation of who we are. I thank you for a revelation of our sunship, Lord. For God, all things are under control because we know that you have it all under control. God, if there's anybody here who have not come to that solid reality, that breaking of the amnesia, that hearing of the eagle scream, that awakening of the seed in the soil where they know that they belong to you, that they came from you and going back to you. I pray God that you would send the anointing of your Holy Ghost to strike that seed and bring them to life. May it move from a hoping to a knowing Lord. May there be an assurance, Lord, by the new birth that they have connected with you and they know who they are. Take the scales off of our eyes and let us see the truth. Let us realize the truth. Let us speak the truth. Lord, forgive us for our complaining that robs us of faith. But Lord, let us confess your word at all cost in all circumstances above everything else. Help us to confess your word. Strengthen us, Lord, by your word. Anoint us by your spirit to make that word live. and help us to put that word on our tongues, Lord, that it might become a living reality in our lives. That we can see all things work together for good. That we can see that you're preparing us for a great position, Lord. That you're drawing us up higher and higher through every circumstances, building character in us to seat us to share your throne with you, God. Help us to count it all joy. Help us to be happy. Help us to be encouraged, to be cheered. Help us, Lord, to rejoice in all trials and all tribulations. For you are so good to us, Lord. We love you. We ask that you would help us, Lord, as we go from here. May this reality become more of a reality. And may it guide us, Lord, through every day of our life. We love you, God. We ask for your blessings, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you, brother John. Great is the Lord our God. Oh, great and mighty is he. Oh, great and mighty is the Lord our God. Great and mighty is he. Oh, lift your banner. Let the anthem sing. Praises to our King. Great and mighty is the Lord our God. Great and mighty is he. Oh, great and mighty is the Lord our God. Great and mighty is he. Oh, great and mighty is the Lord our God. Great and mighty is he. Lift your banner. Let the anthems ring. Praises to our king. Great and mighty is the Lord our God. Oh, great and mighty is he. Great and mighty is the Lord our God. Oh, great and mighty is he. Oh, great and mighty is the Lord our God. Great and mighty is he. Oh, lift your banners at the end of praises to our king. Great and mighty is the Lord our God. Great and mighty is he. Amen. Great and mighty is he. You shall love the Lord. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. Oh, you shall love the Lord with all your soul. Oh, you shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. And Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, help me love you with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. And you shall love the Lord with all your heart. heart. For you shall love the Lord with all your might. And you shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. [Music] And Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. mind. Oh, with all my heart. With all my soul, with all my mind. One more time. Oh, with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Amen. Just the key of D, Winds of Faith. Oh. Oh, there are two roads now you can take. Oh, one by side and one by faith. So take the word of God, not what you see. What you believe is what will be. Set your wings through the winds of peace. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Send your we to winds of faith. and watch you need. Oh, what's your cry? Oh, watch your mountain. Is it much too high? Oh, speak the word of God and by and by it will move for you will fly or set your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher plane. Do not struggle for it's by grace that your wings through winds of faith and watch seeking go. Oh in the sky he does not struggle. He does not strive. Oh, for the power that makes him right. It's already in the sky. So send your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly. in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace that your wings to the winds of faith and wash the bride. In this end time she does not struggle. She does not strive or pour the power that make her eyes. is already [Music] for you to the winds of faith and you can fight in a higher place. Do not struggle. [Music] It's my gra. Send your way to the winds of faith. Oh, just beyond the veil. I long to see your veins. Oh, just to see your beauty there. Just beyond the veil and beautiful you are beautiful you are. Oh beautiful you are. You are. Oh, beautiful you are. And you're the prince, prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. You are. You're the prince of peace. Marvelous you are. Marvelous you are. Oh marvelous you are. You are marvelous. You are oh beautiful you are beautiful you are oh beautiful you are you are beautiful you oh just beyond the veil and just beyond the veil Hey, I long to see your face just to see your beauty there. Just beyond the way. Oh, the prince and you're the prince of peace. You're the prince of peace. peace. For you're the prince of peace you are. You're the prince of peace.
