################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-01 - 251001 - Chad Lamb Christ in You, Hidden and Revealed in Simplicity - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-01
Title:   251001 - Chad Lamb: Christ in You, Hidden and Revealed in Simplicity
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c8HdYS7hX0
========================================

Description:
Messages and sermon notes from church services at Believers Christian Fellowship, and other information, can be found on the BCF website, http://www.bcfellowship.org​​​​​​​.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
There is within my heart a meloy that Jesus whispers sweet and low. Oh, fear not. I am with thee. Please feast him in all of life's heaven flow. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. The sweetest name I know. [Music] Fills my every longing. Keeps me singing as I go. Oh, all my life was wrecked by sin and strife. and discord filled my heart with pain. But Jesus swept across those broken strings and stirred the slumbering cords again. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, sweetest name I know. He fills my every calling. Oh, keeps me singing as I go. And I'm feasting on the riches of his grace. Resting the sheltering wing. Oh, always looking on his smiling face. Oh, that is why I shout and sing. It's Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Sweetest name I know. [Music] Fills my every longing and keeps me singing as I go. And though sometimes he leads through waters deep, trials all across the way. Though sometimes the path seems rough and steep. See his footprints all the way. It's Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Sweetest name I know [Music] fills my every longing. He keeps me singing as I go. Amen. So thankfully he keeps us singing. Let's go to E flat. Sing that song. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Amen. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lamp I pray. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh, sing hosana, sing hosana, sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh fill my life with your love. Keep me glory. With your love I pray. Fill my life with your love. Keep me glowing, glowing, glowing. Keep me glowing till the break of day. Oh sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king of kings. Oh sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king. Oh sing hosana sing hosana sing. Hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Amen. Let's try that song we sang at camp. There's a river that is flowing. Amen. Don't want you to forget it too soon, so we got to sing it a few times so you remember it. There is a river that is flowing. proceeding out of the throne of God. With plenty water to drink, plenty water to swim, there is a river that is flowing. And when you're planted by the river, then your leaves will not wither. Oh, for your greatest delight is in the Lord day and night. There is a river that is flowing. There is a river that is flowing proceeding out of the throne of God. With plenty water to drink, plenty water to swim. There is a river that is flowing. And if you thirst or you hunger, then won't you come to this river? There is an endless supply of the water of life. There is a river that is flowing. There is a river that is flowing. proceeding out of the throne of God with plenty water to drink, plenty water to swim. There is a river that is flowing. Amen. I know some of you looked at me like I was funny, like we sang that at camp. That just tells us you weren't there at the first service. Praise the Lord. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. Oh, every day that I live, I am blessed. And when I wake up in the morning, till I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. Every day that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, till I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. And through the sunshine and rain, even sorrow and pain, Jesus still is my comfort and guide. His love it comforts me and his grace sets me free. And someday I shall stand by his side. Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. Every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning, till I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. Once more. Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. Amen. Are you blessed, oh children of the light, arise, arise, and take your place. It's by grace. It's by grace. It's by grace. And if you're struggling in confusion, wondering why heart seems low, take your hands off this old world, let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. for you're not this old world. So let it go. Oh children of the light, arise. Arise. This is your day. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. Watch and pray. God's restored the word. Make clear his way that you may rest and know that you're not of this old world. Let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters of your father living here below. For you're not this old world. So let it go. Oh, let it go. Let it be. It's not reality, but a shadow of a shadow of a shadow. Walk like sons and daughters out of your father living here below. For you're not this old world. So let it go. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. Take my life and let it be consecrated Lord to thee. Oh, take my moments and my days. Let them flow with ceaseless praise. Let them flow with ceaseless praise. Oh father. Oh father. Deep within my soul I cry. [Music] Oh the father. Oh the father. I will never cease to love you. Oh, take my will and make it thine. It shall be no longer mine. Take my heart. It is your own. It shall be thy royal throne. It shall be thy royal throne. Oh my father Jehovah Sham, you are the one who's standing near. [Music] Have a father. Have a father. I will never cease to love [Music] you. Oh, take my love. My God I pour at thy feet treure store. Take myself and I shall be ever only all for thee. Ever only all for thee. Have a father. Oh, father. Deep within my soul I cry. [Music] Have a father. Oh my father. I will never cease to love you. Amen. I'll never cease to love you, Lord. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. heart. Oh, you shall love the Lord with all your soul. Oh, you shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. and love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. So help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Oh, you you shall love the Lord with all your heart. Oh, you shall love the Lord with all your soul. And you shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. And Lord, I lie. love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. So help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul. with all my mind, with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Amen. God bless you. It's good to see you all this evening. It's good to be back at home together again. Let's just bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, for this privilege of gathering together again. And God, we thank you for all that you've done for us over the weekend and for the blessings that you provided. And Lord, we're so thankful to be back together again in this place that's been given to us so graciously by your love, by your mercy. And that we've consecrated and set aside, Lord, for this purpose to gather together, to fellowship together around your word, to sing your praises, to bring glory to your name. And God, we just pray that you would come now, Lord, and break the bread of life with your own hands. May you use this vessel for that purpose that I'm yielding to you now. May you give us all ears to hear and eyes to see and a heart to perceive all that you have for us. And Lord, we ask that you would take your place, Lord, as the preeminent one among us this evening, and that you would share more of yourself with us as we feast on you. We ask for these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We're going to let you have your seats for just a moment. Thank you, musicians. God bless you. Amen. I've got an announcement. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, if somebody could bring up the PowerPoint for me. Amen. Brother Adam and Sister Alana had their little baby, little Andrew James Preston. So, while we were finishing up camp and heading home, they were having a baby. Amen. So, he was born just before 6:00 p.m. He was a goodsized boy. Amen. And so, we're so happy for them. And we just want to give God praise and we just want to thank God for them. Amen. And you know, she was in labor a long time. They asked for prayer and they end up having to take the baby by ceerian, but the baby mom and baby are doing really well and they're already back home. So, they're very grateful for everybody's prayers and they just appreciate so much what God has given to them and they're tired. So, just pray for them that God will give them their strength back. Amen. Amen. I just wanted to show a couple pictures to you. Amen. I I I gathered a few pictures and just wanted to recap camp. I I hate to leave retreat and leave it behind so fast. You know, I feel like we gained so many things. We had such a blessed time. I just want to share a couple pictures and share those with some of you who weren't able to be there. Amen. But we had uh Brother Daniel and Sister Cheryl White and the cardboard family that the Brooks family helped put together for us. So, they got a photo together. Amen. They all look good together. Amen. So, they just left this afternoon. We we drove them down to um uh Columbus. They flew out this evening. They're on the plane now heading to San Francisco from San Francisco to to uh Australia. So, just keep them in prayer. Amen. As they'll land tomorrow, you know, because they're crossing the the international date and timeline, they jump forward 12 hours right there in the middle of the Pacific. So, they leave Wednesday and they get home Friday. And so, that's a pretty long journey. Amen. So just pray for them. We were so grateful to have him. It was such a blessing to have them with us. And the things that the Lord ministered through our brother was so precious and such a blessing to us. Amen. We had some of the kids activities. I didn't get around to see it. So I very much appreciated seeing these pictures and and it looked like the kids had a wonderful time and I heard from them and they all confirmed that to me they had a wonderful time and we had a wonderful skit and we appreciate the youth who jumped in to help that. And look at these attentive kids. They They liked it. Amen. And here's the staff. They They all look good. There's something about this picture that just brings joy to my heart. When I see how much fathers love their children, it just does something for me. So, God bless you, dads. Amen. Just a few more pictures from around and about. It's just so nice. We had such beautiful weather, such beautiful grounds, such good time together. We had these times of the sessions and the the beautiful grounds. This is something I did not participate in, but God bless the guys who did. And brother Tom and this and and and all of everybody gathered around watching pickle ball. This is one that I loved. Everybody sat around and just fellowshipped together and sat in the shade trees or in the sun. If you wanted shade or sun, you can move to shade or sun, but it was so nice. And then this is the capping off picture. It was just beautiful to end every day together around the bonfire worshiping the Lord together, hearing some good testimonies and and so I just wanted to show just a couple of pictures and say God's been good to us. &gt;&gt; Been so thankful that we were able to go that we have a place to go to like that. That God allows us the time that we could set aside and go draw closer to one another, draw closer to the Lord and learn some things together. And I, you know, if my body would hold up, I would just live there. You know, I would just do that day and night. But we need a little bit of rest. Amen. But I we're still feeling it. But I don't know if you're still feeling it, but I'm still feeling it a little bit. But I'm just thankful to God. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Just wanted to remind you that the wedding's coming up this Saturday. So, we have backtoback weekends that are going to be full and fun. So, Brother Sam Bartum and Sister Emily's wedding will be this Saturday. So, we'll see many of you back over in Indiana for that. And so, that that'll be really nice. So, just keep them in prayer. They got a last a lot of last minute things to put together to make that happen. But, we're very much looking forward to seeing those two married. And also want to welcome the Abbotts. God bless you. We welcome them over at retreat. They popped in for Sunday, but it's good to have them here. So, they'll be here for a couple weeks yet. So, we'll get a chance to visit with them. Also, I wanted to let you know that next week, I'll be going to Edmonton for uh some meetings Brother Eugene Brown's putting on. So, I'll actually be leaving Wednesday morning, next Wednesday, the 8th, and going up and I'll be taking a Wednesday evening service for brother Ed Hammermeister. So, I'll take that service for him. And then I'll be staying for the weekend, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday with brother Eugene. He's having special meetings. So, I really would appreciate you praying for me for that trip. And I have talked my son David into going with me. So I wanted to take him on a trip. He he graduates school here in November and before he gets too tied up with a career. I wanted him to go somewhere with me. And he refused to go to a third world country. I I told him all the life experiences he can have and the things he can gain and he said no way. But then this trip popped up and I asked him and and he agreed. So just just pray that the the overseas trip is not too hard for him in Canada. And so so I mean he actually had to get a passport. So I guess this is a big deal. So but I'm glad to get to spend the time with him and that he can take a trip with me before he moves on into a career and other things in life. So just pray for us. While I'm away, Brother Simon Abbott's agreed to take that first Wednesday. So we're glad he popped in and can take that Wednesday. and brother Gabe Smith is going to preach the Sunday service and then we'll be back here on Tuesday and I plan to take the Wednesday service. So if you could just keep us in prayer, we would greatly appreciate it and just ask that God would have his way in those meetings. So I I always get to this place where I come to a spot like this where we just come off a weekend retreat, work together, and we're going into another meeting next week and I say, "Why did I say yes to this? It seems like too much, but I believe the footsteps of the righteous are order of the Lord, and I've never seen God fail to do something. So, I'm just going forward trusting that God will move. So, God bless you all. Does it feel good to be home &gt;&gt; back in the sanctuary? We've got so many wonderful memories in here and so many things God's done for us and it just feels good to be together. Amen. While you're standing, if we could just take our Bibles and turn to Colossians, Colossians chapter 1. I want to read from two scriptures while we're standing. Colossians chapter 1 and verse 26. Colossians 1 and 26 says, "Even the mystery which has been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." Now, if we could go from there to Matthew chapter 11, Matthew chap 11 and verse 25. Matthew 11 and verse 25. At that time Jesus answered and said,"I thank thee, oh Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and has revealed them unto babes. Even so, Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight." Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Amen. And we just ask the Lord to bless us as we look into his word and give us the spirit of understanding and the spirit of revelation and knowledge in these things. Amen. I I wanted to uh take this service and as we moved into this service after the retreat coming back together again, there was so many things that that uh opened up to me on a whole another level during the during the the preaching of the services, the time that we had together and uh uh through brother Daniel's ministry that I I don't want to just brush past that. I want to I want to uh gather it together and talk about it some more. And so I'm going to do that to today. uh there's no way we can repreach everything, you know, there's no way you can go over. There was so much gain, but there was so many so many things that just became more alive. Amen. And they weren't brand new things. We understand a lot of those things. Some things were open up in a brand new way to me. But I wanted to go back and and keep gleaning off what God has given to us because that was a special time. And that special time brings a special purpose. And when the word opens to another level, I want to I want to I want to take advantage of it and I want to feed on it. So, if we could bring up the PowerPoint, uh I want to talk about Christ in you hidden and revealed in simplicity. So, I'm going to take these two subjects and and and put them together. Christ in you hidden and revealed in simplicity. When brother Benham comes to preach um uh God in simplicity before the seals, he comes, this is one of his opening scriptures here in Matthew that I thank thee f uh oh father lord of heaven and earth because thou has hid these things from the wise and prudent and has revealed them unto babes. Amen. So he's saying the wise and the prudent didn't catch these things but it was going to take revelation and the revelation came to babes. And this is one of the scriptures he's referring to and God hiding himself in simplicity and revealing himself in the same. And so we know one of the great the one of the great themes of this end time is Christ in you. But is Christ in you hidden and revealed in simplicity? So we want to look at this together as we move forward. Let's look at this quote together. This is this is the message we've been referring to. Now, from this text or from this scripture reading, I draw this text, God hiding himself in simplicity, then revealing himself in the same. Now, for the tapes, I keep repeating it uh because they're taping. God hiding himself in simplicity, then revealing himself in the same. So, not only does God hide himself in simplicity, he reveals himself in simplicity. It's strange to think how that God does such a thing as that. God will hide himself in something so simple that'll cause the wise to miss it a million miles and then turn right back around in that some simple thing in the in the simplicity of his way of working and reveal himself right out again. &gt;&gt; Says I thought it made a text that might that we might study this before we go into the great teachings of the seven seals. Now, black screen. Brother Bram said, "I'm teaching this before we go into the great teaching of the seven seals." And and he teaches on on this subject. Then when he gets to the seventh seal and he's starting to to get excited about the seventh seal and he goes to so far and then he goes to shut it down, then he says, "How did I know a week ago Sunday?" What's he talking about? God hiding himself in simplicity. How did I know when I said be simple? It'll be so simple. Be real simple. How did I know it'd be a thing like that? So, Brother Brandham now, you know, he's just walking as the Lord leads. He doesn't know uh what's going to happen uh uh uh you know, 10 services later, uh 8 days later when he gets to that next Sunday, he doesn't know what's going to happen. He's just moving as God leads. And he's coming with the subject of God hiding himself in simplicity and revealing himself in the same before the seals. And then at the opening of the seals, he comes to the seventh seal and he says, "I didn't even know what I was talking about back then, but that's it. &gt;&gt; That's the thing. It was simple. It's hidden in simplicity. It's revealed in simplicity." And he says, "Many miss him by the way he reveals himself." Now, man has their own ideas of what God ought to be and what God is going to do. And as I have made the old statement many times that man still remains man. Man is always giving God praise for what he did did do and always looking forward to what he will do and ignoring what he's doing. That's the way they miss it. They look back and see what a great thing he done, but they fail to see what a simple thing he used to do it with. So they look back and they see tremendous moves of God and supernatural things that God did and they they see the the manifestation of supernatural but they forget what simple things he used for that manifestation. &gt;&gt; He just used men. He just used common men. He used Amos. Amos says, "I'm not a prophet or the son of the prophet, but when the lion is rewarded, who can keep silent?" And God brought him out as a herdsman and sent him out with a message. And he was as simple as simple can be. But he but but he had a mighty message. &gt;&gt; And so man is looking back and they see what great things God done. And when they see great big things that God done, when they look forward and they see that God's going to do amazing things and they think they're looking for something great to to accomplish the great, but God doesn't use great to accomplish the great. God uses the simple to accomplish the great. &gt;&gt; And that's always been the challenge. Amen. Uh let's look here at John 10. He says, "The Jews answered him, saying, for a good work we stone thee not, but for blasphemy and because that thou being a man makest thyself God." Well, he was asking, "Why are you going to stone me? I mean, what evil works have I done?" And they said, "For a good work we stone thee not, but because you being a man maketh yourself God." that all they could see was a man. &gt;&gt; They couldn't see God &gt;&gt; because God was using something that was so simple to them. Because you you if we could just if we could just teleport ourselves back, Amen. go back 2,000 years and we could be standing on the streets of Judea and there and we could have people passing back and forth and you could go not to when Jesus was in his ministry and doing healing, but go back to when Jesus was a 10-year-old boy running up and down the street. Amen. You he would have passed by you and you would not have known that that was the son of God. &gt;&gt; He would have been boy like any other boy. He had dust on his feet and his clothes might have been a bit dirty. Amen. You know, Jesus, he he didn't hover around over the ground all of his life as an angelic being. He lived a human life. He got hungry. He ate. He got tired. He slept. He took baths. He got dirty. He &gt;&gt; And you wouldn't have known. And he would have been he would have been the he would have been I hate to say this about the Lord, but it's true. He would have been just as simple as any other 10year-old boy. &gt;&gt; Then he was growing into manhood. And this is why when they saw him looking like everybody else, he didn't have a constant glow about his face. He didn't have a halo that followed him around. He looked like every other man. He wore common clothes like everybody else wore. He was about the stature of everybody else, about the size and shape. He was just an average person, &gt;&gt; but he wasn't an average person. &gt;&gt; BUT TO THE SIGHT, IT WAS SO SIMPLE. They couldn't believe that this was God. Amen. &gt;&gt; They just couldn't believe that this was God. And so when he says, "My father and I are one." Amen. They took up stones to stone him because now you're you being a man, make yourself God. And they couldn't understand the simplicity, the simple thing that God was the great thing that God was doing in a simple way. &gt;&gt; And it didn't make sense to them. And there's the question I have. If if they could misunderstand God in flesh and perfect virgin born flesh in that day, could they misunderstand God in flesh in this day? &gt;&gt; Better yet, could we misunderstand God in flesh &gt;&gt; in this day? Because it's so simple, we don't understand what a great thing God is doing in simplicity. &gt;&gt; Amen. I think if I could say this, I think sometimes we're all holding our breath waiting for God to do something great with us. And maybe every day he's doing something great with us. &gt;&gt; And we're waiting for God to do something great with us. But God's doing the thing he's wanting to do with us right now. hidden and revealed in simplicity. And the message is a super sign. He says, you see, in God's laws of redemption, as it was with Boaz and Naomi, it had to be a near kinsman. And the only way that man could be redeemed, God had to become a kinsman near. I want you to see it. He never became kinfolks altogether to the rich, to the mighty. But he was born in a stable wrapped in swaddling cloth. Not to the adult, but to the child. He was God over the creation. He chose to do it. Not come a full matured man. He come that he might suffer the feelings of the little babies. He come that he might go through the teenage temptations. Might go that he could toil the toils and the snares of the devil as a man and make a way for people of all ages and of all ages and of all classes. The poor, the rich, the all. He became poor that through his poverty we might become rich and hes with him in the kingdom. A sign would be given, crossing himself, making himself something different than what he was. Now a super sign, crying as a baby, playing as a boy, toiling as a man. But it was God living in all stages of life like we do &gt;&gt; in simplicity. What was the simplicity? He was living a human life. Amen. That reflected mirrored all the other human lives all around him. Only there was something behind the veil. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now in this message why it had to be shepherd. He says now let's close our eyes. Think of Jehovah. No one was worthy. No one could do it but him. And he came down. He became a little baby. He come a teenager. He become a carpenter, a working man. He become a lamb. He become a sacrifice. He raised triumphantly Jehovah. I think it's so amazing. God could have come any way he wanted. He could have come in any fashion and any style. Amen. But he come Amen. He come as a man. He come as a human being. And he come in the in the in the fullness of humanity. Brother Beam said he was completely man and completely God. And as completely man, he had to live as a man. And we've already discussed that he had to to he, you know, he he lived a human life and it became so simple. People just walked right past him all the time and had no idea this was God in flesh. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Luke 3. Let's turn there together. Luke chapter 3. Luke chapter 3 verse 10. This is John the Baptist. And now the people are asking him uh let's start at verse 9. And now also the axe is laid into the root of the trees. Every tree therefore which bringeth not forth good fruit is heuned down and cast into the fire. And the people asked him saying, "What shall we do then?" And this is John coming. He's preparing the way for the Lord. And he's preparing a people for the Lord. And and they're saying, you know, John, what are we supposed to do? So he's going to tell him. And he answered and said unto them, he that hath two coats, let him in part to him that hath none, and he that hath meat, let him do likewise. Then came also the publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do? And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you. Verse 14, and the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely, and be content with your wages. This is an interesting scripture and I'll tell you why it struck me as interesting. They come to John the Baptist who's preparing the like I said he's preparing the way for the Lord, making straight his path and he's preparing a people for the Lord. And in preparation they said what should we do? And he says be a good neighbor. &gt;&gt; Be a good publican. &gt;&gt; Be a good soldier. &gt;&gt; What? Just do what you're doing and do it well. &gt;&gt; Don't stop what you're doing. Amen. Just if you're a soldier, be this kind of soldier. If you're a publican, become this kind of publican. Amen. If you have more than you need and you see someone without, share with them. Be a good neighbor. Be a good publican. Be a good, you know, tax collector. Be a good soldier. Be a good whatever you whatever they were in that day. Be a good fisherman. Be a good this. Be a good that. And you think the preparation would be no, we've got to become, you know, we got to become ultra super something. So let's all stop, join a commune, and become super spiritual for the coming of the Lord. No, just go on. Keep doing what you're doing. Just just do it righteously. Just give unto the Lord. Amen. Just do it well. &gt;&gt; That struck me as so odd when I read that uh yesterday. I've been reading for a couple days. Then I thought, my goodness, isn't that amazing? Let's go to Ephesians chapter 6. Can you imagine knowing that a great prophet is on the scene and this great prophet as he comes he's he's preparing a people for the Lord and he's telling you that Messiah is coming the kingdom is coming and they come to him and says what do I have to do to be prepared for this great Messiah for this great king and he says well if you're a publican just make sure you're honest in your business &gt;&gt; it might have been a letown for some of them &gt;&gt; I thought I would get some great other kind of instruction. Amen. Ephesians chapter 6. Now verse one, children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right. Honor thy father and mother, which is the first commandment with promise, that it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth. And you fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, and singleness of heart as unto Christ. Not with eye service as men pleasers, but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart, with with good will, doing service as to the Lord, and not to men, knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall be received of the Lord, whether he be bond or free. and ye masters do the same things unto them forebearing threatening knowing that your master also is in heaven neither is their respect of persons with him. This is in the book of Ephesians. Paul is now giving instruction to the Ephesian church and his instruction is for them how to live the life on this earth and he's telling them be a good child, be a good father, &gt;&gt; be a good servant, be a good master. It's it's to me it's striking friends and I hope that as we move on that you can it can be imparted unto you the thing that's become striking unto me that God wants to be manifest in simplicity &gt;&gt; and the simplicity of our lives every day every day life. Let's turn to the book of Titus together. Titus chapter 2. Let's start at verse one. Titus chapter 2 verse one. But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine, that the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience. The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviors becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things, that they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chasteed, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed. What is the what is an important lesson for the younger women to learn to be in their spiritual position? Remember when brother Daniel was talking about the family and he had the I should have brought the cardboard family out. This would have been a great time to use it. I missed my chance. But he said, "How will the Holy Ghost work in the Father?" You remember this. The Holy Ghost will work in the father through the office of father. &gt;&gt; And the holy ghost will work in the mother through the office of mother. But the holy ghost in the mother won't take the office of father. And the holy ghost of father won't take the office of mother. And then the holy ghost of children amen won't take the headship of the family. The they'll the holy ghost in the children will administer the office of children in subjection to father. Got it? This is simplicity, friends. &gt;&gt; This is what Paul's saying. This is my instruction t to Titus. Titus, you're a leader in the church. And now, as you go and give instructions to the church, let's teach them how to live the life of Christ on the earth. So, as we teach them how to live the life of Christ on the earth, listen, what he was teaching them was so common and routine and to everyday life that the aged women, they should teach the younger women what? Let's go back and look. Let's go back and look at it again. Uh verse four. That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chasteed, keepers at home, good obedient to their own husbands, that the word of God be not blasphemed. So what were they teaching them? How to live in their office. &gt;&gt; Because that's what God wanted them to do. That was what the instructions from Paul through Titus to teach in the church is this is what I want you to teach. Teach them how to do how teach them how to do the simple things. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you think, yeah, I mean when when I look at it, it's almost funny when you when you think about it that this is this is actually what God wants us to do. He wants us to display Christ as fathers, as mothers, as men, as women, as older, as younger, as children. Amen. So that Christ can live in a many membered body. &gt;&gt; And sometimes I I can imagine we're going to John the Baptist saying, "Okay, Messiah's coming. The kingdom setting in. What do I need to do? Go back to work &gt;&gt; and put in a good day's work and be honest and don't defraud anybody." BUT YOU SAID MESSIAH'S COMING AND THE KINGDOM'S coming and we're supposed TO GET READY. WHAT DO I DO, JOHN? &gt;&gt; If you're a soldier, just make sure you do violence to no man and you don't defraud anybody. And &gt;&gt; this is preparation for Messiah, for the kingdom coming. &gt;&gt; It's too simple. &gt;&gt; It's much too simple. But when when when when brother Daniel was ministering and going through the the offices, all of a sudden it began to click inside of me that what God what God wants is he wants me to live this word where I am and who I am and as I am and stop looking for a great super duper thing to happen in the future that God's wanting to work right now, but he wants to work exactly in us where he's placed us. And we're always looking for another placing. So if I get to another place, I can serve God. Amen. And it's not about waiting for another place to serve God. It's about serving God in our place. &gt;&gt; And we think serving God in our place. Amen. It it might be, okay, if I'm a housewife, all right, Brother Brenham said, I can witness to to the to the milkman. Now listen, you you kids have no clue what witnessing to the milkman's all about because who's the milkman and how do you find the milkman? But back where brother M was talking, the milkman brought milk to your house. &gt;&gt; Man, that would be nice. Well, I guess we do have a milkman now. It's Walmart delivery. We've gone full circle. So, if I'm going to do the work of God, it'll be if I testify to the milkman gives his heart to the Lord, that's the work of God. That's not the only work of God in your position. But to be discreet, to be chased, to be sober, to love your husband, TO LOVE YOUR CHILDREN, THAT'S THE WORK OF GOD. AMEN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. That we can do the work of God. Amen. We can do what we're instructed to do. WHY IS PAUL spending so much time and giving this instruction to Titus and telling Titus to give this instruction to the church? Is because this is important. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is God hiding in simplicity. Verse six, let's go back to Titus 2:6. Young men, likewise exhort to be sober minded in all things, showing thyself a pattern of good works in doctrine, showing unccorruptness, gravity, sincerity, sound speech, that cannot be condemned, that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you. Exhort servants to be obedient to their own masters and to please them well in all things, not answering again, not perorning, but showing all good fidelity that they may be that they may adorn the doctrine of God our savior in all things. &gt;&gt; How do I manifest the doctrine of our savior? By being a good employee. &gt;&gt; Amen. Verse 11, for the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men, teaching us that denying ungodliness and worldly lust, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world, looking for that blessed hope and that glorious appearing of that great God and our Savior Jesus Christ, who gave himself for us that he might redeem us from all iniquity and purify unto himself a peculiar people zealous of good works. Amen. This becomes so interesting to me as I watched and I meditated on what was preached over the weekend and found out that that God wants to live in us in whatever office he placed us. And he begins talking about offices as in father and mother and son and widow and single adult and and and teenager and whatever office and and and because God manifest himself in Jesus Christ in some of those roles as child as teenager. Amen. A as brother. He was he was manifested as a young man and he was manifest as a middle-aged man and he was manifest as a son because God was his father. And and he began to manifest some of those roles. And it was God living a human life as a son. God living a human life as a teenager. God living a human life. Brother said as a baby cuz he wanted to experience baby. &gt;&gt; That's what brother Bam says. That's what he tells us. And so I don't think every day of our life is just biting time waiting for something to happen. I think every day of our life is what he's wanting to have happen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That we live according to the word. We live honestly. We live righteously. Amen. We live in obedience to God. We live surrendered to him. We live led by his spirit in everything that we do. Amen. Here here the Apostle Paul tells Titus to tell the church this. Uh uh let's go back and look at um verse nine. Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters and to please them well in all things, not answering again. He's telling the employees, don't answer back. Don't be a smart alec to your boss. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I should have read that a long time ago. &gt;&gt; It's too simple. It's so simple that we're we have a hard time getting excited about this preaching. We have a hard time clapping our hands and waving our arms about this. But this is what we need to master, friends. This is where we're at. This is where we've got to bring this flesh subject to the will of God every day of our lives. It's not It's not okay. Amen. It's not okay anymore to come to church and manifest Christ and go to work and not manifest Christ. That's not working. Amen. And now we're at work waiting to manifest Christ when when when somebody says something about a Bible verse and I can fix them. &gt;&gt; But every day in my attitude and my approach, I can manifest Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Remember Christ worked in a carpenter shop. &gt;&gt; Brother Bam said he came as a working man. Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the message, Jehovah Gy said, "See, we have to do what we uh we have to be what we are. Gifts and callings are without repentance. When you were born in this world before the world ever began, God knew you positionally placed you." If that isn't so, then the Bible isn't so. That's exactly God put our names on the Lamb's Book of Life, not when you come to the altar, but before the foundation of the world. That's right. So, I just want to highlight this that God knew you when before the world ever began and he positionally placed you. So, wherever you are right now, you're not out of position. &gt;&gt; Unless you're just flat refusing what God's led you to do. Amen. You're you're in a position. Who decided you would come male? Who decided you would come female? Who decided what family you would come in and what region of the world you would be placed? Who chose all those things? You didn't pick that. God picked that. And God placed you. Amen. And God placed you where you want because he wants to manifest through you and I wherever he's placed us &gt;&gt; and things that are said just like your birth here. I said you was prepared. God knew you would be here. &gt;&gt; This this is one of the scriptures that uh brother Daniel read. He just read the bottom half. But I'm going to go back a little bit further and read in Psalms 139:13. For thou hast possessed my reigns. Thou has covered me in my mother's womb. I I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are the works that my soul knoweth right well. My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth. Thine eyes did see my substance yet being unperfect, and in thy book all my members were written, when in continuence were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them. How precious are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. God God knew where we would be and when we would be and how we would be. Remember, Brother Bam taught us clearly that God had a breeding program &gt;&gt; like a farmer. And God had a breeding program to get certain characteristics in you through genetics. And he saw to it that this one married this one and this one got to this one to get you just the way you were. And you remember he types it out with a a bell maker making chime. So much tin, so much lead, so much this. And it has a certain tinge. And then when Daniel when brother Daniel said, "Stop being a victim of your own makeup." &gt;&gt; We got to stop hating the way we are. I mean, there's and there's things about all of us that need to change. There's things about all of us, amen, that that we need to surrender to the Lord. But there's things about all of us that God put there. &gt;&gt; There's there's ingredients that God made sure come together, but because of hybridization, we picked up a few extra along the way. But let's let the word of God start cutting some of that off. And the spirit of God convict us on that. But stop being a victim of our own makeup because our own makeup had a lot to do with God's fornowledge. [Music] &gt;&gt; And God got this one with this one and this one with this one so that you and I would ting a certain way. And we got to stop hating the way we ting and loving the way everybody else tings and try to pretend we ting like they ting &gt;&gt; because no matter how much we pretend we ting like they ting, every time we ting, it's not like they ting. &gt;&gt; And we're only frustrating ourselves and everybody around us, we got to get comfortable with the fact that God knew what he was doing when he placed me in this age, in this body, from this household, and all the ingredients that come together, the good and the bad and everything together. God has me here because God wants to manifest himself in me every day of my life and I want to surrender who I am to him so that he can live through me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the invisible union he says whatever you are you are servants of God. Whatever God wants you to do where your place is God God placed in the church some apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors. He placed that by virtue of his own predestination. And you were that to begin with. I've read this quote for many, many years. And as I read it, I I always thought, you know, whatever you are, you're servants of God. Whatever God wants you to do, where your place is. And then he only mentions five. Well, no. Here he mentions four. Apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors. He leaves out the evangelist. Poor evangelist. No, he left out a lot, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Because he's talking about whatever you are, &gt;&gt; your servants of God. Not everybody in the church fits into one of these ministry roles, and there's only four mentioned. But what he's showing is he's just quoting part of a a a a scripture to show us God placed in the church. He's not emphasizing, let let me show you here. He's not emphasizing this part. &gt;&gt; That's not his emphasis when he reads this. He's emphasizing this part. &gt;&gt; And that's why he's using that scripture. He's using the scripture not to tell you that the only ones that are placed in the church are apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors. He's telling you that God has placed you in the church. That God has put you where you are. That God is the one who's determined all of this. So let's read it again and not get caught up in the fact that he didn't he didn't mention whatever I am. &gt;&gt; Whatever you are, you are servants of God. Whatever God wants you to do, where your place is, God placed in the church. &gt;&gt; God placed it. And he's using the scripture to justify what he's saying, but not to limit what he's saying to just these four words. &gt;&gt; He placed that by virtue of his own predestination. And you were that to begin with. So whatever God has placed you to do, like for me, I I fill several offices. I fill an office of father, an office of husband, an office of son, an office of male, of a man, an office of pastor. I fill all of these offices. And God wants to live through all of these offices. Amen. And he he wants to be a father through me to my children. He wants to be a son through me to my mother. He wants to be a pastor through me to to to the assembly here. God wants to use me for those offices. And I have to believe that God placed me there. &gt;&gt; That before the foundation of the world, he knew that I would be a father and he knew that I would have children. And he knew I would be a pastor. And wherever you are, he would knew he knew you would be where you are. He knew where you would wind up in every stage of life. When you were young, where you would be. when you're middleaged, when you're older, whether you'd be single, whether you'd be married, whether you'd be male, whether you'd be female, amen, whatever it is, he put the ingredients into you. And you were designed, amen, for a purpose and for a position and for a placing. &gt;&gt; AND IF THAT BE SO, AMEN. THEN GOD WANTS TO manifest in that place. SO, WE'RE NOT ALL JUST MOTHERS AND fathers and and men and women and and employees and employers and and students and and and whatever. We are retirees. We're not all that just sitting around waiting for something and then we're going to manifest Christ one day. Amen. And when I say that, I don't mean there's not other manifestations coming. There may very well be, but I can't keep looking off into the future waiting for something to happen when something's happening all around us every day. when Christ in you, the hope of glory, wants to manifest. &gt;&gt; He wants to manifest wherever we are. So that means there's a couple things that that means to me. That means that God knew I would be here and God put in me. Amen. What he wanted to put in me so he can manifest a certain way so that I won't become a victim of my own self. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But I could be something that he can use. And two, God has already designed me, equipped me, and filled me with his spirit so that I could meet the challenges that I face in my office. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you're a student and God placed you there and you feel that God's led you to university or study somewhere and you believe this is God's plan for you and led you, you have what it takes to meet the challenge of your position. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you're a mother, if you're a father, if you if you believe God gave me this job, then God wants to manifest through that job. &gt;&gt; How can you say, "God gave me this job." Amen. And then but but but there's no purpose in it spiritually. How could there be no purpose for our lives spiritually in anything that we do? &gt;&gt; So that means God knew where we would be and God designed us to meet the challenge wherever we are. Amen. If you're a single young man, Amen. and you've got challenges as a single young man, God has designed you. You're equipped. You have what it takes to meet the challenge of being a single young man or a single young woman or or if you're older or if you're younger. It doesn't matter where you are. You place yourself in the picture. But God never left you destitute and all alone. But God himself was to come manifest in you. and his life in you with the way he made you will meet every challenge &gt;&gt; because he's given us his word and he's equipped us with that word and with his spirit to meet the challenge for our position. But sometimes we don't realize we're being challenged. &gt;&gt; We just think we're having a hard time. We just think we're having a bad day. Has manybody ever thought you just had a bad day and don't realize that it's the bad day that brings out attributes of Christ and something in you can overcome every situation. And in overcoming the situation will be manifesting Christ. &gt;&gt; Manifesting Christ in every office. And and I don't want to wait to do that. I want to do that every day of my life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Things that are to be says now the only way that you can be a son or daughter of God because you have to be have to have eternal life. And there's only one form of eternal life and that's God's life. Only one form of eternal life that was God. There to be a son of God, you had to be in him always. The gene of your life, spiritual life tonight was in God the father before there was even a molecule. And you are nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God. And now you're expressed after his word has come in you to light up this age. You are expressing God's life in you because you are a son or daughter of God. Do we believe this? &gt;&gt; Now you're expressed after his word has come in you to do something in the future down the road someday. &gt;&gt; No. After his word has come in you to light up this age, you are expressing God's life in you because you are a son or daughter of God. &gt;&gt; Let's continue on. Therefore, you get what I mean? You're you are now made you're sitting in this church tonight because your duty is to express God to this nation and this people and this neighborhood where you associate wherever you are. God knew that you would be here because you you have to be one of his genes or his attributes. You had to be. So wherever you are in whatever position you hold in whatever office you administer, you've got to be one of God's genes down there quickened to life by the word. Amen. To be made light in whatever position that you're in. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; And then all of a sudden I began to think as I've been meditating on this. Let's say for instance, you have a mother and a mother's really struggling with a child going through a stage of development in life. It could be going through toddler years. It can go through teenage years. Whatever it is, and there's a struggle that all of a sudden mom and this child is struggling together. Amen. And you and you you say, "Why is this happening to me?" And why? But you don't realize that there's something in you that wants to overcome the struggle. And you need the struggle to manifest Christ as a mom. &gt;&gt; Same thing for a dad or a man or a woman or a single or or or a widow or a widower or we because remember we're we're challenged constantly. Is there anybody's been on vacation from challenges lately? You can say I've had a reprieve for 6 months, brother. It has been great. I don't know what's wrong with you, but it seems like we talk about this all the time at home. It it's a fun discussion. It used to be I can't wait till this is over. It'll be easier after this. Has anybody else said that? Oh, if we could just get through this trial, then it'll be smooth sailing. &gt;&gt; So, our language has changed. I have no idea what's coming next. This is familiar. I'll just stay in this trial a little longer. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. At least I know what I'm dealing with. I mean, I'm not ready to step off into the abyss into the next one. And that's not exactly the right idea either, but But you start to think this way. It's like it's never ending. It never stops. It's you're being buffeted one after the other after the other after the other. And what did we think we came to this life for? Why do we think we're here? What do we think life's all about? Amen. This is about training for reigning and character building and manifesting the life of Christ. And how was Christ manifest? He wasn't manifest in a bubble of perfection with nothing happening. He was pressed against. He was he was doubted. He was he he was he was uh criticized. Amen. He was tormented. He was he was rebuked. He was accused of being uh be elabub. All of these challenges in his life and he began to overcome all these challenges and manifest God in flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And now there's there's things that have to happen to us. Now all of a sudden if I'm a dad and as a dad I start to have a challenge in my house in my household in my family. How many how many of you have dad? Don't please don't raise your hand to this. You leave work a hero and you come home a zero and you didn't do anything. Everything was fine. Everybody was happy. And when I come home, you can feel the tension when you walk in the door and you know everything's about to pop. I have no idea. And I'm afraid to say anything to anybody. And you can just want to go turn around and go right back to work. If you don't realize that God placed me here to meet this challenge, &gt;&gt; that there's something in me that can overcome this challenge. Amen. And I can manifest Christ into my family. And then you can stop for a minute before you before you make big mistakes and step on landmines and say, "God, you got to help me, Lord. If I surrender, will you come and work through me now?" &gt;&gt; Same thing for grandparents and and same thing for churches and same thing for businesses and places of work. it it's all the same. There's got to be a challenge because the challenge is drawing character and virtue out of us. Amen. God doesn't want us to live in a perfect bubble and say, "Yeah, well done. You you you gained character. You learned how to rule and reign and you manifest my life." No. So now, instead of being afraid of the challenges, we need to step into the challenge and step up to the challenge. And it's not that we can do it in our flesh. And it's not like I've it's not like stand back everybody. I've got this. I mean, that's the wrong attitude. &gt;&gt; But for me, it's like God knew before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; God's ordained every trial, and he knew where I'd be. And God put me in this position. And he didn't put me here to fail. &gt;&gt; He put me here to manifest him. Sometimes we got to get stop just hit the pause button for a second and step back and reorder our thinking back to God's thinking because we we sometimes forget the big picture and we get stuck in the forest with the trees and we start reacting to what's going on around us and we forget that no trial comes unless it's first signed off by God and it's all for a purpose and that God picked me to be here and he picked this trial for me and there's something good going to come from it and I'm not running away from it but I'm going to stand here and I'm going to say, "God, give me the sensitivity to move forward the way you want me to move forward. Help me to say what needs said, do what needs done." Amen. To move forward and manifest you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't want to live as a coward. &gt;&gt; But I don't want to miss God in simplicity. &gt;&gt; The simplicity of a problem at work, the simplicity of a problem at home, the simplicity of a problem amongst loved ones. That simplicity could be God hiding himself and then revealing himself in simplicity. &gt;&gt; Jesus says to his disciples, "You have not chosen me, but I've chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever you shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you." Can we believe this? &gt;&gt; This would helps us so much. If I believe God chose me and ordained me, brother says, see now this is that is my part. Now, brother or Roberts, God gave him something else to do. And brother A. Allen and many of these other brethren who has great radio broadcast and things, they've got to have money and help support themselves. See, I do all that I can because I realize that's my brother. Or brother said, I helped support them myself. I do all that I can because I realize that's my brother. I couldn't fill his place. I'm kind of glad that I don't have to. See, because I haven't got the mental powers to work those things out. And so I just stay the way that I am. As Cong Congressman Upshaw used to say, you can't be nothing that you hate. So that's right. And the quicker we realize that, the better off we'll be. you just be what you are. God wants you the way he made you and just keep that in mind and be just what if it's a doormat, be a doormat. I want to be the desk best doormat he ever had. If I have to be a doormat or whatever it is in the house of God, let me serve my office the best I can for him. &gt;&gt; I just want to highlight a couple things. Just be what you are. God wants you the way he made you. It helps so much to believe this. &gt;&gt; To believe it and then serve my office the best that I can for him. God made me this way and he placed me this way and I'm going to do the best I can for him and ask for his help along the way. He says you can't make yourself something you're not. Oh, can we just highlight that? That makes me feel so good. I don't know about you, but I've spent a lot of years wishing I was different than I am. &gt;&gt; I I I've I've personality made messes and made things difficult and and done things and said things and I I you know, sometimes you you just leave a situation and you reflect back on life, you said, "I just hate the way that I'm made." Has anybody ever said that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's not a good thing to say. Right? &gt;&gt; Because who was it that brought this one to this one and this one to this one? And &gt;&gt; there's a purpose in it, friends. You can't make yourself something you're not. I wanted to be 6' tall and weigh 190 lbs. It didn't do me any good. What didn't do me good to want it? He said, who who taking thought can add one cubit to his stature? You are what you are by the grace of God. You can't add nothing. You can't take nothing. If God wanted you to be a minister, he'd ordained you to be a minister before the world ever began. You believe that? It's what the Bible teaches. Amen. It's not I I I'd serve God better in this position or if I could be that or if I had a job to do or if I had a position in the church. No, it's not like that. It's wherever God's placed me, I can serve God. and whatever position I am every day, I can serve God and let the light shine wherever I am. Not not listen kids, not when I grow up. &gt;&gt; Not when I grow up. An eight-year-old can be in their position and shine forth the glory of the word. &gt;&gt; When they stay in honor and subjection to mom and dad and love the things of God and open their heart to the Lord and just live whatever they can, the best they can as a son or daughter, the best they can in their family, as a brother or sister. Listen, you don't have to wait till you grow up. Wherever you are, whatever you're doing, Amen. You can surrender to God and you can manifest something for the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And questions and answers on the seals, this question, we've been through it here recently. He said, "Should evangelism continue on the field in this hour?" Of course, what they mean certainly, by all means, don't change a thing. If Jesus is coming in the morning, preach today like it was going to be 10 years from today, but live like it's going to be at this hour. Don't get scrupled up now. This is what I want to pay attention to. That's what I'm trying to warn you about. See, don't be odd, peculiar. Don't change nothing. If you're doing something wrong or doing evil, repent. Come back to God. Brother Bamman preaching the seals, he wasn't telling us at the opening of the seventh seal, now everybody run off and and we're going to we're going to make a commune. And you know, people were telling him, amen, now that the millenniums get ready set in, I've sold my farm. Won't need it anymore. Amen. All these things that people were telling brother Brandham, and he's telling them, don't do that. Don't do that. That's not what God wants. Amen. Whenever God wants to bring a change in our life, he'll bring a change in our life. &gt;&gt; How many has ever had an office change? from boy and girl to husband and wife. You ever had an office change or to father and mother or to you know to to teacher or to whatever God you you've had office changes or God has added offices to you. Amen. That's God's doing. &gt;&gt; The best thing for us to do is give him our whole life and just live our life and God will take us wherever he wants to take us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. In this message, he says, "Now, because we have a responsibility that we've got to answer to God someday for every man that come on the face of the earth has to answer to God for a responsibility." And to many of us, a stewardship we have to answer for. This responsibility is a stewardship that's been committed to us by God. I don't care what it is. As I said a few moments ago, a housewife, then be a genuine housewife. That's right. If it's to be a farmer, be a genuine farmer. Whatever it is that God has put you to do, you've got a stewardship to that. You've got to answer to God for it because it takes all these things to do it. It's amazing. If I understand what I believe, I understand the prophet saying, "If God's called me to be a farmer, I have a responsibility to be a farmer. And I'll answer to God on how I was a farmer, &gt;&gt; right? Is that what you think he's saying? &gt;&gt; Are we reading the same thing? I never realized that I was going to answer to God for the way I ministered my occupation. &gt;&gt; But if God gave us to do it, how should we do it? &gt;&gt; As unto the Lord. &gt;&gt; Isn't that what Paul teaches us? &gt;&gt; Paul tells us, Amen. the the servants to serve and to do their work as unto the Lord. And all of a sudden, you say, "What what instruction is Paul giving?" He's placing the church in order here in the book of Ephesus. He come along, amen, to establish the message of grace and to order the church and order people. And what's he telling them to do? He's telling them to be a good employee. &gt;&gt; And and you know, that wasn't the exciting part of the sermon, &gt;&gt; right? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Like I I I wasn't expecting standing and shouting tonight &gt;&gt; or flooding to the altar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But what I was expecting is say, you know what, it's the little foxes that spoil the vine. &gt;&gt; Wanting to be spiritual and not natural. We haven't realized that God wants to be spiritual while we're being natural. Amen. &gt;&gt; That God wanted to live natural in flesh and he did so in Jesus Christ. And through that natural life and natural flesh, he demonstrated the spiritual, the supernatural. And he wants to do the same thing in our lives. Amen. Live a natural life with us &gt;&gt; so he can manifest himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to finish with this just a just a two more. Ecclesiastes, "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might. For there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, whether thou goest." Can you imagine living all your life and saying, "Really, I was just a housewife and just a mother, and I didn't do anything other than that." and and and getting to heaven. If we go to heaven this way and have a conversation with God and God says, "That's exactly what I wanted you to do. &gt;&gt; I didn't do anything spiritual. Didn't do anything spiritual. That was the thing that I needed you to do more than anything else is I needed you to raise those children in fear and admonition of the Lord." &gt;&gt; You know, or neglect to do that because we want to go do something spiritual. So, we don't raise our children. We don't stay at home. We we're not a keeper at home. We're not uh nurturing and loving and doing the things God wants us to do as a mother to express the El Shadi, the breasted God, the nature of God in female form, but we run off to do spiritual things and leave our children with no mother. &gt;&gt; Which is more spiritual? &gt;&gt; Which is more spiritual? Hey, listen. Tell me anytime keeping the scripture is not spiritual. Right. &gt;&gt; And how can you be spiritual and break the scriptures? &gt;&gt; I mean, you can be spiritual, but I mean truly the right kind of spirit. The Holy Ghost doesn't break the scriptures. &gt;&gt; But to be truly spiritual, to be truly spiritual, I will also be scriptural. So to be truly spiritual, I won't talk back to my boss. Because Paul says, "Teach the servants not to answer again. I'll do my work as unto the Lord." Why? Because what am I doing at work? Amen. Brother Bam even gives the example. If I was called to work, Amen. I wouldn't stop 15 minutes early. But if I was paid to work to a certain time, I would do my work all the way till the buzzer rang. And if everybody else is standing around the time card waiting to check out, but because of the instructions of a prophet and the instructions of the Apostle Paul, I sit there and shovel my coal until the buzzer rings. What am I doing? I'm being spiritual. &gt;&gt; Why am I being spiritual? Because the spirit of God will stick with the word. And if the word says the to do my work as unto the Lord, then I'm going to do my work as unto the Lord. If the if the word says women, obey your husbands as the Lord, as Sarah did, calling him Lord. Amen. Then I'm going to be in subjection to my husband. Amen. Regardless of of of what I think about him, I'm going to do it according to the word. And what is she doing? That woman's being spiritual. &gt;&gt; She's what's she doing? She's living the word. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Rim said, "We live in the day, Amen, where the the the Christ was the word, the bride will be the word." We're living in the day where the word is becoming flesh and the flesh is becoming the word. You know what's happening? Amen. When you take the simple things that we read in Titus and we do exactly what Titus told us to do as employees or as workers or all these things. Amen. WE ARE FLESHING OUT THE word &gt;&gt; in the simple things. We're fleshing out the word. WE WANT TO FLESH out the word because we want to walk on water or part the sea or or speak to the sun to stand still. We want to be spiritual that way, but we don't want to be spiritual and not talking back to the boss and working at our work is unto the Lord. And as children obeying their parents and &gt;&gt; you know children when when as a teenager when you subject yourself to to the headship of mom and dad and you don't necessarily agree with their decision and you voiced your disagreement but they say this is what I believe and you subject yourself to that you know what you're doing you're fleshing out the word the word is becoming flesh in you &gt;&gt; you're being spiritual &gt;&gt; hey listen this is if you want to talk about rubber meets the road. Here's rubber meets the road, friends. &gt;&gt; Wherever God has placed me, that's where he wants me to be. Whatever position I hold is what God wants from me. And what he wants me to do in that position is what he's asked me to do in that position. And when I do that, amen, I can live a life pleasing to the Lord and live a spiritual life &gt;&gt; and manifest the word &gt;&gt; and bring glory to God. It's not it's not for me to worry about what other things I should do. Should we be doing this work or should I be doing this kind of work? Brother Brandham even said when it comes to gifts, he said don't chase after any gift. &gt;&gt; He goes, then you could leave the giver behind. &gt;&gt; He said you just fall in love with God and give your heart to God and fall in love with him and he'll supply the gifts he wants you to have. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not about figuring out how I'm going to uh, you know, I'm going to speak the manifestation of the spoken word. Listen, brother Brandham never even figured out how to speak the manifestation of the spoken word. God come to him and told him when it was time. &gt;&gt; So, if there's a time for us to manifest something else, God will come to us and tell us when it's time. But he'll do it when we're doing what we're supposed to be doing every day of our lives. Because when it happened to brother, I mean, what was he doing when the first time? Amen. He manifest the power of the spoken word in the woods. He was squirrel hunting. &gt;&gt; What's spiritual about squirrel hunting? He wasn't in church. &gt;&gt; He wasn't he was squirrel hunting. But God come and brought a manifestation squirrel hunting. &gt;&gt; When it come to talk to Hattie writes boys and mean give Hattie, he was telling a story around a table. people that ate a meal, pushed back their tables, was telling a story. They were in fellowship in the house. &gt;&gt; Living life. You know, I think sometimes we overlook some of the things that are important to God. &gt;&gt; We don't see them as important, but God sees them as important. God wants to live in a many membered body. And that many membered body, he's placed as postmen and nurses and and doctors and whatever job and engineers and all these other jobs that we have. and housewives and and all these things that God placed us in. And he wants to live in a body of flesh as a many membered body. And that body is going to go to work. &gt;&gt; That body is going to clean the house. That body is going to cook supper. That body is going to rock a baby. That body is going to comfort a friend. That body is going to do whatever he calls us to do. Right. &gt;&gt; So, let's not miss let's not let's not, like I said, climb the ladder, the spiritual ladder so high that we miss some of the things that God is wanting to do in our lives. And let's come back down to the simplicity of this is where I am. This is who I am. This is where God made me. And this is where he put me. And I'm going to live all that I can every day of my life right here. Amen. &gt;&gt; And every step he leads me to do, I'll give him the same thing. All that I am, all that I can here. &gt;&gt; If he moves me here, same he's going to get the same thing out of me no matter where he moves me. &gt;&gt; I'm going to do the best I can in whatever position he put me in. And I'm going to trust him to do the things that I can't do. I want to read this last quote and then we're going to close. Yet men and women live a good life and love God by a mental conception. But the real hiding place is in the heart hid with Christ. And when Christ, the Holy Spirit comes into your heart. He is in you with your temperament. And he's living his own life through his own will through you. Hallelujah. I know it sounds awful, but it's right. Christ so yielded you are that Christ speaks the kind of words he'd speak. He thinks the kind of words he would think through you. He does the kind of works he would do through you. You are yielded and resting. What a beautiful picture of a consecrated Christian yielded. Christ working through. You are yielded and resting. Resting in what? Resting in my position where he put me and yielding completely to him to where I'm so yielded and surrendered to him. I think the thoughts he would think and I say the words he would say. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and if I could just share with you a testimony of myself, there's so many times that I'll get in a conversation with somebody in fellowship and I'll just be talking just talking and and it'll be somebody at church or or or a friend or somebody and just in chatting and I'll start saying things and starting giving examples of brother Benham or talk about a Bible verse and just fellowship. We'll talk about the day. We'll talk about the kids. We'll talk about something. And later someone will tell me that thing you said when we were talking, I had a question in my heart. And when you said that, what you told me, brother, that answered my question. &gt;&gt; Listen, I wasn't being spiritual. And I didn't know I was saying the things Christ would say. I was saying the things that were on my heart and I thought it was just me saying it. I didn't know that the things on my heart could be Christ speaking out of my mouth the things he wanted to say. &gt;&gt; Just because we don't have a sensation doesn't mean Christ isn't speaking. And &gt;&gt; just because we don't have a vision or a dream or an audible voice doesn't mean it's not Christ's mind that's influencing us to action, &gt;&gt; giving us his thoughts. If we can just consecrate ourselves to him and be true to the position he put us in and be yielded to him, it can be his thoughts that are directing us and his words that are speaking through our lips. And we may not have a sensation when we think it or speak it and may not know that it's spiritual direction, but it's spiritual direction, friends. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he has no hands but our hands, no mouth but our mouth, no eyes but our eyes, no feet but our feet. If he's going to do a work, where is he going to do it? He's going to do it with you. Where is he going to do it with you? He's going to do it with you in your position. &gt;&gt; Wherever he puts you doing whatever he called you to do. And it's his mind is going to flow through you. His words are going to come out of your lips. It's going to be him using you. And you may not even be conscious he's using you. You may find out months later, years later, and you may never find out &gt;&gt; that it was God using you. I say, let's be conscious of our office and let's give him preeminence in our office. And don't think because we don't feel something, nothing's happening. And don't think because we we we we can't see something that nothing's happening. But we have to believe that God put me here and God made me this way and God placed me and something's happening every day. And if it's not happening out there, something's happening in here as I'm challenged and I meet the challenge and I find strength in the word of God and and I take and apply the word even when I don't feel like applying the word. When I submit when I don't feel like submitting, when I when I when I do when I don't feel like doing, and when I do all of that, I realize I'm living the word and God is having his way with me. Amen. Let's all stand together. Question is, how is God going to work through you? &gt;&gt; Remember how Dan, brother Daniel kept saying, what does this look like today? I mean, what a good question. Not even a question I could answer all the time. You see so many things. How does this look today? And you have to just think about I I don't always know, but it's Jesus Christ the same today, yesterday, yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; What does it look like today? I may not always understand what it looks like, but it's going, we know it's going to take place in a many membered body. Amen. &gt;&gt; He's the same yesterday, today, forever in bride form. And that means he's in you. &gt;&gt; Christ in you, hidden and revealed in simplicity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But I'm so simple and I'm nobody. And I'm just a You can fill in the blank. I'm just a teenage guy. I'm just a young woman. I'm just whatever you want to say. You can be just that. But I'll ask you, can God work in just that? &gt;&gt; Can he hide himself and reveal himself through that simplicity? &gt;&gt; I believe that's exactly what he's doing in this hour. Exactly what he's doing. I want him to do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Musicians, if you could come on up and Brother John, let's just bow our heads together. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for the things that you have taught us, God. These are lessons, Lord, that are so profound in such simplicity. They're utterly simple, Lord. And I just when I look at what Paul taught Titus and Timothy and through the book of Ephesians and what you said, Lord, I'm a marvel. You taught about giving to Caesar what Caesars's. You taught about going an extra mile when somebody asks to go a mile. Lord, you taught through John the preparation for the Messiah coming to be a good publican and a good soldier. When we look at this part of the word, Lord, it seems so simple. so simple it's almost like it's not necessary like it's somehow not fitting to a super race to a super people but Lord Jesus when you were here you submitted to parents you obeyed your father you paid taxes you did good works you were a good friend Lord Jesus if you did that in that form form. You can do it in my form. God, I pray that you would help me not to overlook the simple things. Not to overlook the simplicity of daily life. For God, when when is it you will start manifesting yourself in your bride. At what point down the road? I don't believe it's a point down the road. I believe it's now. And God, I want you to have your way in me and manifest yourself in me. Help me, God, to live, Lord, in the place you've placed me and to manifest in the position that I'm in. And Lord, bless your children that are here, everyone in every position that they hold, and every office that you placed them in, and the bodies that they dwell in, with the temperament that they have. God, may they give you room to work in that place. and help us to stop deferring to another time and to other events, but help us Lord to let you work in us every moment of every day. As a mom making breakfast for her little tots, may that be you providing for children and a father, Lord, who gathers his home and settles dispute. May that be you on display in every life and every individual, Lord. May we surrender to you and not miss the simplicity that you're revealing yourself in. May we not overlook, Lord, you you've hid it from the wise and prudent, but you've revealed it unto babes. God, the wise and prudent will never understand this, Lord. But the babes can only catch it by revelation. Then babes are your children. And Lord God, open our eyes to this revelation. And may we catch, amen, the deepness of this simple revelation that the simple things matter and every day is life and the word needs to be fleshed out. And may we flesh it out. We love you, God. I pray that you give us encouragement to move forward and face the challenges we face in everyday life with with a new vision, Lord, with a different perspective. May we give you an opportunity to work through us. We love you. We thank you, God, for these things and pray that you'd help us to continue to grow in your very likeness. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Brother John, God's abiding peace is in my soul today. And I feel it now. Yes, I feel it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away. Though I cannot tell you how it is my mine. Oh, blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name mine for all eternity. Oh, he has brought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my raptured heart. I can feel it now. Each passing moment keeps me saved and blessed. was my light, my heart and brown. Oh, it is mine. It's mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. [Music] Oh, he has given me a nevervailing joy and I have it now. Yes, I have it. Now to his praise I will my ransom powers. Employ and renew my grateful vow. Oh, it is mine, mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. He is made mine for all eternity. Oh, the love of God is comforting my soul. For his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. Waves of joy and gladness for my spirit rolling me with love divine and it is mine mine. Oh blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all. eternity. Yes. Mine for all eternity. To the key of G. Deeper. Deeper. Amen. Deeper. Deeper in the love of Jesus. Daily. Let me go. Oh, higher higher in the school of wisdom. of grace to know. Oh, deeper yet I pray and wise higher every day and wiser. Blessed Lord, oh in your precious holy word. Oh deeper, deeper. Blessed Holy Spirit, take me deeper still until my life is wholly lost in Jesus and his perfect will. Oh, deeper yet I pray and higher every day and wiser blessed Lord in thy blessing holy word. Go deeper, deeper. Go across our trials deeper than we go. Oh, rooted in the holy love of Jesus. Let me fruitful grow. Oh, deeper yet I pray and higher every day and wiser blessed Lord in your precious holy word. Go deeper, higher every day in Jesus till all conflict pass. It finds the conqueror and in his own image perfected at last. Oh, deeper yet I pray higher every day and wiseer blessed Lord in thy precious holy
