################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-12 - 250312 - Chad Lamb: Tape Service - Part 3: Is Your Life Worthy of the Gospel - Chad Lamb - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-12
Title:   250312 - Chad Lamb: Tape Service - Part 3: Is Your Life Worthy of the Gospel
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Believers Christian Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL6qxOK9AM4
========================================

When justice called for a pain man of sin, no one worthy could be found among men. But the precious son of God with a cross and crown of thorns paid the debt with the blood of the lamb. Oh, full by the blood of the lamb, free from sin, free to live. Now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down. Paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh, how great. Oh, how great was the debt that I owed bound to pay for the seeds I have sown. But in Jesus my Lord, a great shepher was found my redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh pen, by the blood of the lamb, free from sin, free to live, now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. And it reads, And it reads on the page where my sins were written down, paid in full by the blood of the lamb. [Music] In the rock the mother builds her place of rest. Keeps it safe from many wind and storm. But there comes a time when she is stirring up her nest and the elet really wants to know. M say what's going on? Why this doesn't feel like home? I am not to comfortable here. And the mother flaps her wings, placing them against the wind, full of love, she answers to her boy. Cuz you're an eagle. You were born to soar up in the sky, trusting in your wings to rise and fly in [Music] liberty. Things beyond this nest you'll view. Gater works than this you will do. Doubts you will defy to fly so high. So high. So high. Fly so high. So high. So high. All my life I've tried to live like others, but I failed. I couldn't find myself was out of place. I was trying hard to quench the thirst that I had felt with her worldly or religious ways. But the Lord came tenderly, called me to my destiny and revealed his attribute in [Music] me. I became my identified with the bird that's of my kind. I could hear him calling from above. Cuz you're an eagle. You were born to soar up in the [Music] skies, trusting in the word to rise in fly in [Music] liberty. Things beyond this earth you'll do. Greater works than this you'll do. out you will defy to fly so so high so high so highly fly so high so high so high all the earthly trials I am facing on my way help me know my savior better day by [Music] day. Jesus calls me higher and I hold his promise. I am joining him in this celestial life cuz I'm an eagle. I was born to soar up in the sky, trusting in the word to rise in flying liberty. Things beyond this earth I'll do. Gater works than this. I'll do downing to the place where I the [Music] off the face. But the offer of [Music] faith will lead me Lord and I will follow. Lead me Lord and I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord and I will go. Lead me Lord. Lead me Lord. and I will follow. Lead me Lord and I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me home and I will brother Chad comes this evening. Lord, my heart is [Music] open. Won't you come inside? Fill the mighty [Music] needy to a God. I've opened all the windows and I throw wide every door. Won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I need you [Music] more. Lord, my heart, Lord, my heart is [Music] open. Won't you come inside? Build up all my ever to abide. I've opened all the windows and I [Music] th you come inside you Lord. I need you more and more. Amen. God bless you all this evening. And let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we thank you for gathering us together once again. And Lord, we've come to hear your word. And I pray God that you'd speak to our hearts through your word. Lord, may you speak to us, Lord, the words of eternal life that give us life and bring us into a greater manifestation of that life. Give us all ears to hear this evening as we receive from you. I pray that you bless us in all that we say and do. And may you receive worship. May you receive glory. May you receive honor as you take your preeminence among us. We ask that you bless this evening, Lord. Give us the blessing upon our ears and hearts. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. We're going to let you have your seats for just a minute. Thank you, musicians. Uh, today was the funeral for brother Elmer Schwarz's dad, and I know you've been praying for their family. I know many of you were able to go. Several were able to go last night to the viewing, and several were able to go today. So, thank you for those who were able to go. And everyone else, if you can just remember to keep their family in prayer. Many of you know Elmer's mom, Irene, and just keep her in prayer as well. and all of his brothers and their families as they mourn the loss of their father. But God bless you for those who were able to support them. Also wanted to give you an update. Brother Ron Garvin and uh brother John Brooks are getting ready to travel to Japan for the final stop and the final leg of their long journey. And so they'll be uh from tonight on they'll be in Japan until uh Sunday night. They travel back. They'll get here Monday night. So, just keep them in prayer. They've had a long, tiring, hard trip, but they're doing good. They're in good spirits. I heard from Brother Ron today. Uh, even at one point, Brother Ron lost his voice. He was supposed to speak at Brother Dondan's couldn't. Brother Dondan had to fill in for him at his own anniversary meeting, and then he had a service, I think, the next day, but his voice came back for that. And so, he's doing better now. So, we just keep them in prayer. And, uh, I know they were both very excited to be with the believers again in Japan. And so I'm excited to hear about their trip when they get back. So just keep them in prayer. Also wanted to let you know that this Sunday, Brother Jason Demar will be here with us ministering for us. So brother Jason hasn't been here for many, many years. So it's exciting to have him back. And so he'll be coming in ministering for us. He's just making a quick trip just jumping in ministering and going back on Monday. So we will be happy to have him here with us. Tonight we're going to go to part three on is your life worthy of the gospel. So if you have your book or if you have your phone or tablet or however you're reading through it, we'll go into part three. I've been enjoying this book and I've been enjoying these tape services. I always do. Every year I always enjoy it. It's something special that I look forward to and it's something that uh we share together. I'm going to uh go back and hit just a quick review before we get into our questions. And so if you'll take your book or your electronic form of the table, either one. Let's first go to uh paragraph 30 on page eight. Page 8, paragraph 30. And brother Benham begins when he starts into a sermon. He starts he said, "Lord Jesus, any man physically or woman or child can move back the pages of this Bible, but there's no one that can reveal it but you." I I pray Lord uh of taking this text as it's placed upon my heart to send out across the nations for the people that they might know what type of life is required of them to live. So these answering the question of what type of life is worthy of the gospel for so many has asked me is a Christian life a life of church service is it helping the poor the needy or is it a constant member is it a loyal loyalty to a church and such questions father may the correct answer come tonight through these words so that's what brother Benham's trying to convey to us this message of what kind of life is it is it take to live a Christian life let's go to uh paragraph 36 on the next page, the bottom of page nine. So, now we see when God gives a man an invitation and to do something or to receive the invitation that he gives him and he returns it down, then there's nothing left after mercy is spurned but judgment. So, when brother starts to break down what kind of life is worthy of the of the gospel, he starts to show us that a life that the life that's not worthy of the gospel is the one that turns down their day of invitation. when the invitation comes and they turn it down and their invitation to what? To the spiritual feast of their day. And we know that the message of the hour is a spiritual feast of our day. And he says when they turn it down, they're not worthy. And so let's go now to uh uh paragraph 59. Yeah, paragraph 59 on page 14. He says, uh, something some kind of excuse. It's too hot. I'm too tired. I will tomorrow. Just some kind of excuse. That's all they do. By rejecting the day of visitation, it separates you from God. So, uh, it's clear brother Benham is not talking about, uh, smoking and drinking and all these things. He breaking it down so simple. Amen. To receive your day of visitation and the invitation to the feast or to reject it. And there's a lot of things that come out of that decision and out of that and there's a lot of things behind that. But he's making it very very simple in this part of the message. And we'll hear a little bit more tonight on that. Let's go to paragraph 129 if we could. Paragraph 129 on the bottom of page 25. Paragraph 129. Christian is not a tool or some kind of mechanical wrench to a great big religious regime. That's right. A Christian is not some kind of tool that keeps a religious organization moving. A Christian that is not a Christian. A Christian is to be Christlike. And a Christian cannot be a Christian until Christ comes into the man, the life of Christ in him. Then it produces the life that Christ lived and you do the things that Christ did. What am I talking about? Personal relationship to Christ. What is it? Is your life worthy of the gospel? Amen. It's to receive the life of Jesus Christ. That's what a Christian a Christian is doesn't mean to be part of an organization or part of a group. A Christian is to receive the life of Christ. Amen. So, let's go now to paragraph 143 on page 28. I'm just grabbing just a couple little highlights as we've gone through the book already. And in paragraph 143 says, "When this takes place, the thing you'll do, then you will find out that the spirit that comes in you from the new birth, you'll believe and do everything that God says in his word is for you to do. And everything that the Bible quotes for you to do, you'll punctuate it with amen. And you'll not stop day or night until you receive it." That's right. That's right. And in all this time, you'll certainly above everything bear the fruit of the spirit. Let's jump down to paragraph 145. If it's the word and God said so, that spirit in you will cope with that word every time because genuine Holy Spirit will cope with the word because the word is life and spirit. Jesus said, "My words are life." And if you've got eternal life and he is the word, how can the word deny the word? What kind of a person would you make God? That's one thing to know that you're a Christian when you can fully agree upon every word of God. Remember, that's one of our questions. How can you know that? Uh, that's one thing to know that you're a Christian when you can fully agree upon every word of God. Amen. Because the same spirit that wrote the word is the same spirit will say amen to the word. Let's go to paragraph 155 on page 30. Paragraph 155. On page 30, we'll skip the first paragraph and go to the second. That word is the truth. Right? And the spirit of God will recognize his own writing. He's identified by his writing. It speaks of him. And you're identified by believing it. And it gives you your credentials of identification. Praise be to I love when the brother makes it so simple. Amen. And remember, we can't believe unless there's been a seed of predestination in us to believe with. Amen. So, we can't even take pride in ourselves and be able to believe. All we can do is be super thankful. We can just rejoice in the mercy and grace of God in our lives. Let's go to paragraph 190 now. Paragraph 190 on the bottom of page 36 says, I want to hold that word a minute. Though they call themselves Christian, they adopt creeds, man-made creeds to take the place of God's word. So they can take the creed because the man made it. But they're afraid to lay their faith out there in the God that they claimed that they love. That's right. And then you say that life is worthy of the gospel. Can't be. Though they be church members, but that's not worthy of the gospel. No, indeed. The gospel. Jesus said, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. These signs shall follow the believers." And when you deny that to follow the believers, how can you have life? No matter. You might not never say a bad word. You might keep all the ten commandments. That won't have one thing to do with it. It's still not worthy of the gospel. See, it couldn't be. Those priests kept that and still was not worthy. He said, "You are of your father, the devil. Who could lay a finger on one of the men?" One guilty mark and they were stoned without mercy. Holy men. And Jesus said, "You're of your father, the devil." And the gospel came in, too. So, brother Rem showing us it doesn't it's not based on good behavior. You may be able to keep all rules and all forms of commandments, but if you deny part of the word, that's not a life that's worthy of the gospel. And now, Brother Bam's not saying that it doesn't matter with the life you live. That's the part we're going to get in today. He's going to show us it matters exactly the life you live. But then we have to realize it's not something I've done. It's something I surrendered to. It's not a life I live. It's a life he comes in and lives in me. And that's what he's going to show us this next time around. That was what was different than the Pharisees and then the fishermen who were converted in the upper room by the new birth. They begin to live the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Not the way the Pharisees did it. They did it by what was inside of them bubbling up and coming to life. All right. Uh let's go to our questions now uh on this last part. Our first question is going to be if the gospel is right, what should we do about it? If the gospel is right, what should we do about it? If the gospel is right, what should we do about it? Now remember, you may already try to cut ahead and answer the question. There's a lot of right answer, but we're looking for what's coming out of this message in this part we're listening to. Number two, what will keep the seed from living? What will keep the seed from living? Number two is what will keep the seed from living? And now part three, our question three. What is the only way to live a life that is worthy? What is the only way to live a life that is worthy? While you finish writing that, I just want to say how much I appreciated the song special of those three young men. That was quite a blessing for me. Amen. All right. I'd like to begin uh by reading the scriptures. So, if we could stand and take our Bibles and go to Luke chapter 14. I want us to be reminded of the scripture. Brother Benham starts with as he begins this sermon Luke chapter 14 Luke 14 verse 16 Then said he unto him a certain man made a great supper and bade many and sent his servants at supper for time to say to them that were bidden, come for all things are now ready. And they all with one accord sent consent began all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground and I must needs go and see it. I pray thee have me excused. And another said, I have bought five yolk of oxen and I go to prove them. I pray thee have me excused. And another said, I have married a wife and therefore I cannot come. So that servant came and showed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servant, "Go out quickly into the streets and the lanes of the city and bring in hither the poor and the maimed and the halt and the blind." And the servant said, "Lord, it is done as thou has commanded, and yet there is room." And the Lord said unto the servant, "Go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in that my house may be filled. For I say unto you that none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper. We can turn from here over to Matthew 22 refers to this uh as well in Matthew 22. And I'm just going to read three verses. Matthew 22 starting at verse 8 says, "Then saith he to his servants, the wedding is ready, but they which are bidden are not worthy." This is where brother gets his title. They're not worthy. What made them not worthy? They had some excuse that prevented them from taking the invitation. Verse nine, go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as you shall find, bid them to the marriage. So those servants went out into the highway and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good. And the wedding was furnished with guests. That's still my favorite part of that scripture, both bad and good. Amen. He wasn't looking for those with excellent conduct or high moral standard, those who could conduct themselves better than anybody else. He was just looking for somebody that would bid the call, that would come to the call. That's what he's been looking for. Amen. God bless you as you take your seats and we'll go ahead and be begin the tape. I passed by the other day. No disregards to these two men. I looked over there and there was a great picture there at Tulsa, Oklahoma. Or old Roberts knew a place coming a seminary to educate ministers. It's going to cost and I know Dimash Karen, brother Carl Williams and them that are on the board of trustees of it. $50 million with a $3 million building a Pentecostal boy. That's a great lot that God has done for him. Now I think me with the seminary, I'm against it to begin with. And I said, "The future home of old Roberts great seminary went on down the road. There was a great modern thing." And old Roberts in a little ragged tent come to my meeting over in Kansas City, Kansas. It said the future home of Tommy Osborne. Oh man, about a three or four million dollar place going up like that. And there Tommy Osburn, one of the finest Christian man. He's a real man. A real godscent man. Stood right across the street there. a little nervous boy, little boy and girl in a car run around. I said, "Brother Brandon, I was there when I seen that maniac run out. I seen you point your finger in his face and say, "In the name of Jesus Christ, come out of it. I seen you fall across your feet." After he his prophecy, he said, "Tonight, I'll knock you out in the middle of that audience of 6,500 people." And said, "I seen you stand there, never raised a voice and said, in the name of the Lord, because that you have challenged the spirit of God tonight, you'll fall over my feet." He said, "I'll show you whose feet I fall over." And I said, "Come out of him, Satan." me and just fell backwards and pinned my feet right to the floor. He said, "God is God, brother. That's all right." So, I've had myself nailed in the house for two or three days. He don't pull no punches. He'll tell about it. He's not ashamed of it. So, do you think I got a gift of healing? I said, "Forget it, Tommy. You sent to preach the gospel. Go preach it. Go with brother Bosworth there." I looked there and I seen I started before both of those. I thought, "There's Oral Roberts with 500 machines that not even a human hand touches the letters. $4 million in a mail last year. 4 million 1/4 of all the money that was taken up in the whole Christian world over 1/4 of the money and all Christian come into one man. What a place. I went out there to see it and now Oral is my brother. My love him. He's a real fella, real guy. And I love him and he just thinks the world of me and I do of him too. We just don't agree on on scripture. And Tommy Osbert not a better. I just think the world of me is one of the finest men that I've met. Tommy Osford and those men. I thought when I went into their office and seen what they had, I think I'd be ashamed for him to come see mine. One little typewriter and us trying to get the letters out and what a thing sitting the end of a trailer at that time. I thought, what would that be? And I walked out and I thought, well, future home of Or Roberts, the future home of Tommy Osborne, one don't speak to the other one. So I went down the road and I thought, well, what about me? And something said, look up. Lord, yes, Lord, let me lay my treasures in heaven. Well, there's where my heart is. Now, I'm not saying that for pity. I'm just saying that because it happened and God knows that that's right. Where is your treasures? Do you want to be some great somebody? If you are, you're nobody. You get to a place that you don't want to be a great somebody. You want to be a humble little servant to Christ. That's the way out. That's all. Brother Boise and them is farming a church in Chicago. They just had to give up the Philadelphia church to that denomination. Now they're talking about getting some godly coat back like this, some DD. I said, "You're on your road out. If you want to find a real pastor for that church, get a little old humble guy can hardly read his name and his heart's on fire for God. Just think that guy, that's the one you want to get. Somebody don't know all these things. Somebody won't dictate and drive and throw you into all kinds of debts and everything else and just feed you the word of God. That's the kind of a person to get. So, they won't come to the spiritual feast. I got to close. I've went over time now. In about 6 minutes, we'll be dismissing. The Lord willing. I hear some say, "But brother Brandham, you better back up on that statement saying the people are not neurotics." This people are not neurotics. They are only educated. They're educated neurotics. That's right. They're not neurotics. They're educated. Then I want to ask you a question. See, understand? I want to ask you a question. Please explain their actions of today. If they're not neurotics, tell me what makes them act like they do if they're not neurotics. Ever fell pulling for his denomination greedy? Jesus wasn't like that. He wasn't no hurry about nothing. He wasn't greedy. He was our example. Crime the nation. The nation's got more crime than it ever had. And what's wrong? Teenagers, church members taking lives, man shooting their wives and family, burying up their children. Look at the crime wave. They're not neurotics. And what's the matter? What's your actions? Power crazy nations. Everyone want to take care of the the rest and make it one flag. One nation that be their flag and their nation. Power crazy immorality. While the world's more immoral than it ever was. Nude women on the streets. Nude women that say they're in their right mind, they can't be. They just can't be. Listen, there was one person in the Bible stripped their clothes off. That was Legion. He was out of his mind. When Jesus found him and give him his right mind, he put on his clothes. Right. What makes you strip your clothes off? The devil. Amen. That's right. Then say they're not neurotics. Start down the street here and drive four city blocks without seeing a nude woman and come back and tell me. All right. Find out. Then you say they're not. Then what's wrong? It can't be in the right mind. A right-minded woman wouldn't do that. She's got better sense. She knows what she's putting herself out. A bunch of lust devils out there just dirty, filthy, sloppy, drunky, man murderers and everything else. You say the world is drinking more liquor now. They spend more money for liquor in the United States than they spend for groceries. I think it's I forget how many times more the alcohol debt cost each year in the nation than it did. And what does alcoholism do? send you to the insane institution. Cancer when the medical doctors from around the world write in the magazines and tell you cancer by the caros cigarettes, put it on rats and prove that it gives you lung cancer. 70% of them take lung cancer from smoking cigarettes and them women of man will puff them right down and blow up your face. If that's not neurotics, what is neurotics? When the gospel of Jesus Christ can be preached and proved and the God of heaven in the form of his pillar of power wave over the people and show that Jesus Christ is in the last session of his coming giving them the last sign and laugh at it and make fun of it and call themselves church members and then say they're not neurotics. Explain that. But times keeps on going but it's asked if they're not neurotic. Sure they're educated neurotic. It's exactly explain their conditions. They can't. They cut their hair, wear their worldly clothes, walk out on the street like that. And God's Bible warns against and even forbids a woman to even pray with bob hair. That's right. And says that a man and she does that, she claims herself to her husband that she's immoral herself and he has a perfect right there to give her a divorce and send her away from him. It's exactly right. The word of God saying that and a woman hear that and continue to wear short hair and call herself a Christian. If that isn't a neurotic, what is a neurotic? I want somebody tell me what a neurotic is then. Amen. Yes, they're neurotics. Highly educated degrees, college. We put more time on educating our children to to algebra and biology than we have to the Bible and Jesus Christ. There ain't a kid in this country can't tell you who David Crockett is. There is a third of them can tell you who Jesus Christ is that it's not neurotics. Certainly it is. How we could go on and on and on they do. Just remember and the churches endorse it when the Bible condemns it. Is a ministry neurotics educated neurotics. It's exactly churches endorse it. remember Lot. He was a smart man. Look at him just a minute now. Don't let's not excuse me for run just a couple minutes old. This is this is too important. It's going out on you. Come to hear me make this tape. Look, just stop a minute. Pray just a second in your heart. Lord, let me see it. Open your understanding. May God do it. Look at the Let's take this nation alone. Let's see what God said. The Bible said that the sins of Sodom vexed the righteous soul of Lot daily. He just didn't have the plain nerve enough to stand out against it. Is that right? He couldn't do it for he was the mayor of the city. He couldn't. But the Bible said that the sins of the of the Sodommites vexed his soul. He knowed it was wrong, but he didn't have nerve to do it to stand out against it. Now look how many lots in America yesterday reading their Bible to prepare their message for the day and run across the water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. How many of them run across the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Jesus Christ is saying yesterday forever. Mark 16, these signs shall follow them that believe. John 14:12, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. If you abide me in my word and you ask what you will, it shall be done. How many Lot saw that? But because of their excuse of their denomination, it look out and see in the Bible. Look at their congregation of bob-haired women and they know the Bible condemns it. look going down the street at their own church members going down the street with shorts on and they know the words against it, but they haven't got the nerve to call out against it. But yet the man professing to be a Christian is so within he cries out against it, but he hasn't got the nerve. If that ain't modern Sodom, where is it at? God give us somebody that'll cry out against it. That's right. Like John the Baptist said the axe is laid to the root of the tree. It's what we need today. Watch they're modern Sodom. Remember see the whole land has become a modern Sodom Gamor. Lot again living on over. No living it all over for his honest convictions tells him by the word that he's wrong. Look in Chicago, greater Chicago and then 300 preachers sitting there and the Lord told me that night what they was going to do. They had a trap set for me. Me go on over there. I went and told brother Carlson I said you'll not have it in that hotel. You'll have ticket to another place and it' be a green room and they got a trap set for me have brother Carlson. He dropped his head. He sat there in my office a few days ago for me to come Chicago me and said I'll never forget that brother Brandon. And I said they got a trap set for me. Why brother Carlson? Are you afraid to tell me why? you and Tommy Hicks. They dropped their head. I said, Tommy, why won't you go speak? Said I couldn't do it. I said, I thought you said you'd do me a favor. I said, last night the Lord told me, you're going down there today and you find out you're not going to get that building. You're going to another building. Dr. Me will be sitting on this side of that colored man, his wife, and sings will be sitting right here and so forth where they all be sitting. I said there'd be a Buddha priest there. And I said, now find out. They got it against me because I preached the water baptism in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. They got it against me because I preached the serpent seed and against the evidence that every man speaks with tongues has got the Holy Ghost and things. I said, "Come down and watch God." Got in there. They went down there and the very two hours or better. Sometime that afternoon they called up brother Carson and he said the guy that let him have that and paid a down payment on it said we have to cancel because the manager said he'd already promised it to a van for that night or that morning and they couldn't have it. So we went out to the town and country and that morning when we got in there and stood in there and I brother Carlson said one thing you brethren might disagree with brother Brandon but said he's not scared to say what he believes. He said, "He told me these things would happen just exactly the way they are." He said, "Now, here he is. Let him speak for himself. I stuck the scripture. I'm not disobedient to the heavenly vision." As Paul said, I said, "You've got it in for me for a water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ." Better than 300 of you introduce yourself as Dr. So and So, and Dr. So and So, I said, "I haven't even got a grammar school education, but I challenge any man here to bring your Bible and stand here by my side and deny one of the words that's been said." Amen. You got no tape out here if you want to hear it. That was the quietest crowd you ever heard. I said, "What's the matter? Is there anybody here tonight was in that morning meeting? Let's see you hold your hand." "Yeah, sure. Look all around." Hallelujah. I said, "Then if you can't support it, then keep off my back." Right. A lot of howling when you're around the corner, but come face to face with the issue. It's different, right? It's that man went out. Tommy Hicks said, "I want 300 of those tapes to send to every print tener trintarian preacher I know of." That man shaking my hand said, "We'll come down to the tabernacle and be baptized over where they at." That's right. Excuses. I can't do it. My denomination won't let me do it. I married a wife. I bought a ox of yolk or yolk of ox rather. I I bought a piece of ground. I got to go look at it. See some of those things like excuses. Is that right? Is that life worthy of the gospel? If the gospel is right, let's shout out everything we got and live for it. Praise the Lord. Be a Christian. Yes, sir. Amen. Notice now if it's closed, but their excuses is their creeds and their denominations. It's like a tree. I was looking at Brother Banks the other day. I had a a pine tree I planted when I first moved up there about oh about 15 years ago or better. And I let them vines uh the branches grow on the pine tree and we couldn't get the mower back in there and there wasn't a sprig of grass anyhow and I went out there and took a saw and saw them limbs off until that pine tree was way up here where we could walk on it with a mower and the prettiest bunch of grass you ever seen is under it. Now what was it? The seed was there. It had to get the light. And as long as the denomination or excuses try to shadow that seed that you know actually lays there, you're taking the part of what? Yes. Throw them things away. Let the gospel light shining up on that power of Jesus Christ. Yes. Keeping the light off of it will keep it from living. For if the light ever gets to it, it will spring forth to life. That's the reason the people say, "Don't go to some kind of meeting." They're afraid some of the light will strike one of their members. Remember the woman at the well? She was a prostitute. There stood those priests. They seen Jesus telling Nathaniel, "I saw you, but when you was under the fig tree and the priest said, he's be elbub. He's a fortune teller. That's the devil." This little woman when she walked up there in her immoral state living with six men and when she walked up there in that state in that state she was in Jesus said, "Bring me a drink." The conversation started. He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "You said the truth. You've got five and the one you're living with, not your husband." She said, "I perceive that you are a prophet, sir. I know the Messiah will do that when he comes." Jesus said, "I'm he that settled." When that light flashed across that seedling and that little old harlot, the harlot days was over. Into the street she went, glorifying God said, "Come see a man who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the Messiah?" What was it? The light got to that seed back under the shadow of a prostitute shelter. Yes, sir. I just closing saying this. I don't know how many more pages I got, but I I sure won't take them off. About 10, but that's just about one half through. But let's close in saying this. Let's compare something one time of a life worthy. Let's compare the life of St. Paul to the rich young ruler. The same light struck both men. Both had the same invitation from Jesus Christ. Is that right? They both was well trained in the scriptures. They were both theologians. Remember Jesus told told the rich young girl, "Keep the commandments." Said, "I've done this from my youth." He was a trained man. So was St. Paul. Both were well trained in the scripture, but both of them had the word. One had it from a knowledge. The other had the germ of life in it. When that light flashed across in front of Paul, he said, "Lord, who are you?" He said, "I'm Jesus. Here I am." He was ready. The light struck both men. One was germatized, the other is not. That's the way it is today. Church spiritual, church natural. The rich man had his excuse. He couldn't do it. He was too weighted down with too many friends of the world. He didn't want to quit associating. That's what's the marathon of people today. You think because you belong to a lot, Jews couldn't forsake that brotherhood. They all drink and things like that and they do this. All right, go on with it. Nothing against the lodge. Nothing against the church. I'm talking about you. Nothing against that. Or want six to one, half a dozen the other. I've just got through telling you the church was nothing but a lodge, the denomination if they deny the word of God. Notice the rich man had his excuses. He never forsaken his testimonial. We find out that he went to great business. He had knowledge and he went to such a place till he had to increase so much till he had to build new barns to put his things in. And when he died and some bachelor with his collar turned around, preached this funeral out. And when he did, he might have said to half mass of flags and said, "Our dear beloved brother, the mayor of this city, now is in the arms of Almighty." Because he was a great member of the church. He did so and so and so. And the Bible said in hell he lifted up his eyes being a torment. See, and remember he still wanted to hold his profession in hell. He seen Lazarus in the bosoms of Abraham and he said, "Father Abraham, send Lazarus down here." Still calling him father. See, he took his knowledge and went to an intellectual church. When the light struck him, he turned it down. If that isn't the modern trend of the church today, I don't know it. No matter what God flashes across their path, a pillar of fire or whatever it might be, they still with their knowledge, they can explain it away and go to the intellectual group for the social standing. But Paul was already in the social standing with great knowledge, a great scholar under Galia, a right hand to the high priest. And so much too he went to the priest and got orders to put all them holy rollers in jail. But when the light struck his path and he seen that that same pillar of fire that led Israel through the wilderness was Jesus Christ, he forsook all he ever knew. Amen. He come to life. Praise the Lord. Could you call that rich man's life a life worthy of the gospel that he heard though he was a believer? Could you call that kind of a life amongst the intellectuals and entertainments that night up there on the as the sun went down giving a toast and maybe some priest saying a prayer up on top of there and he had the entertainments and a beggar laying at his gate down there and he give his toast and talked about his great faith he had in God and before daylight the next morning before the sun could get up he was in hell. That's right. There's your intellectuals. But Paul when the light struck him, let's compare his life and see whether it's worthy. What happened when Paul the light struck him, he forsook all his knowledge and got away from that intellectual group. And he walked in the spirit of Jesus Christ. Glory to God. Amen. But as smart as he was, he never even used big words when he come among some Corinthians. He said, "I never come to you with the wisdom of man. I never come to you with swelling words because you put your faith in that. But I come to you in simplicity in the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ that your faith would be in there. There's a life. Watch it. He never used his education. He never walked with the intellectual bunch. He walked in the spirit of Christ, humble, obedient to the word of God when it was very much contrary to their creeds. But Paul saw the light and walked in it. Is that right? Letting the life of Christ reflect Jesus Christ to the age that he lived in that the people might see the spirit of God. And the humble believed it so much he even wanted to bring handkerchiefs to take him off of his body. And they believed it so much. He's such a representation of Jesus Christ that whatever he touched they believe was blessed. Yes. What a man that was. Give his life, his riches, his everything he had, his education for God all to walk down with fishermanmen and beggars and bums on the street to let his lights reflect the love of Jesus Christ. He said, "I've been striped across the back 40 and nine times. Don't bother me." He said, "I'll bear in my body the marks of Jesus Christ." A poor little fella in such a terrible condition. He said, "I'll bear in my body the marks of Jesus Christ." What a different from this great dignitary with the priest all around him. And when he was at Rome and nobody's standing by and is building a block to cut his head off out there, there's where she told it. Oh my. He said, "There's laid up for me a crown that the Lord, the righteous judge, will give me that day. And not only me, but all them that love his appearing." There's a life worthy of the gospel. Amen. All right. He stood for Christ. He let the gospel reflect through him. Before he did, he went and learned the gospel. Went in Arabia and stayed three years and took the Old Testament and showed by the Old Testament that he was Jesus Christ. And he let it reflect to him to a humble bunch of people that he when he said, "I know how to have a belly full and I know how to be hungry and wanting." A man with an education like him and a scholar like him standing by the with a scholarship from Galia, one of the greatest teachers there was of the day. and stood arm in arm with a high priest. Brother, he could have been worth millions of dollars and had all kind of buildings. That's right. But he said, uh, he didn't even have a but one coat. And Deeus saw a man with such a ministry as that. Second Timothy the third chapter, he said, Deeus has forsaken me and all other man loving this present world. Said, when he come bring me that coat I left up there, it's getting cold. A man with a ministry like that, he could only have one coat. Glory to God. Reminds me of St. Martin when he was trying to stand for the gospel and everything before he was converted and the and the prey scene or the na council and I see a father in the history. One day he was going through the gates there. He was from Taurus, France. And there's people in old bum laying there dying, no clothes. And the people passed by that could have given clothes and they didn't do it. They passed him by and ignored the old fella. And St. Martin stood there and looked at it. They said he every soldier had a had a man to keep his boots shining. He shined his servants's boots and tucked his coat off and took a knife and cut it half into his sword, wrapped the old bum up and said, "We both can live." He went home and went to bed. laying there thinking the old man had cried directly something woke him up. He looked stand in the room there stood Jesus Christ wrapped in that same old piece of garment that he wrapped the bum in said in so much as you have done unto least of these little ones you've done it unto me. Amen. Hallelujah. That's a life worthy of the gospel. You know how he sealed his life too. Don't you look at potar standing for the name of Jesus baptism against the Roman Catholic church and they burn him to a state tore down a bath house and burn him look at Ireneius the rest of them suffered for this cause that's lives worthy look what Paul said in the book of Hebrews 11th chapter said they bought a sundered pulled apart wandered about sheep skins and goat skins and as a desert and destitute and so forth lies in this world's not worthy Amen. There you are. That life's worthy of the gospel. How's mine and yours going to stand in the day of judgment with man like that? Look at Paul now. We're going on. He stood for the gospel. Let Jesus throw through flow through him. No matter how what regardless of what anybody thought about it were the high priest. Well, he went had his head cut off for it. He was a worthy representation of the gospel. Letting look at there. Regardless of what people thought, letting the current of eternal life flow through him in so much that he said, "I would be a curse from Christ for my brethren." Amen. Now, you know what you do when you get eternal life? There's your question. There's your answer. You take the intellectual side or take this side. If you've really got eternal life, that's what happens. That's what happened. Paul ready to be a curse from Christ to let his people, they're blind, ignorant people that wouldn't listen to his gospel. When I think of shame on my own self, I was ready to give them up because they wouldn't listen to me. I feel like repenting and I have repented think. Notice regardless what others thought, this kind of a life is worthy of the gospel. Now I'm closing. The rich man like most of us today shut out and rejected the word of life and become a church member and showed a life that proves that the Bible was unworthy of the gospel that he was asked to receive. Is that right? Amen. How could the gospel shine through a darkened light like that denying the power of God? Now the only way to live a life worthy is to let Christ and his word which he is the word reflect itself so perfect in you till God vindicates what he said in the word. For Christ died that he might present himself before God a sacrifice and it returned back in the form of the Holy Spirit to reflect himself to his people to carry on his word. reflecting himself through you to fulfill his promised word in these future days. Like John the Baptist heard when he heard Christ come and Christ walked out into the water and John said, "Behold the lamb of God." Nobody else saw it, but he saw it. That light coming down from heaven like a dove. And a voice saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell in." He saw it coming and Jesus walked out into the water. Emmanuel before a a preacher that was supposed to be a radical walked out into the water before the people and said, "I want to be baptized of you." John said, "Lord, I have need to be baptized of thee. Why comest thou to me? Both am I met one another a prophet and his God?" Amen. Amen. Could you wouldn't I love to stand and watch that? See them stern deep set eyes of John peel down and find them stern deep set eyes of Jesus second cousins to one another in the flesh. Jesus said John suffer it to be so now for thus it behooth us we're the message of this hour. It behooveth us to fulfill all righteousness. John thought yes he's the sacrifice. The sacrifice must be washed before it's presented. And he said, "Come on and be baptized." Other words, it behooves us to fulfill all righteousness. Jesus knowing that that man would genuine. He said, "There's never been a man born of a woman like him. He's more than a prophet. If you can receive it, this is more than a prophet." And Jesus looking into his heart and knowing that his own cousin met him there face to face. John said, "Lord, I got need to be baptized to you. Why do you come to me that suffered to be sold, John? But remember, it behooveth us to fulfill all that God has promised. And I am the sacrifice. I've got to be washed before presented." Yeah. Oh my my when the evening lights are shining when there's not a man in his right mind. But what can't say? Any Bible scholar looking at Bible knows this is the last day. Then it behooves us to fall from these big walls or get away from these things and to get into the righteousness of Jesus Christ in this last day. Amen. And take on the seal of God before the devil gives us the mark of the beast. Oh my. Hallelujah. Yes. Pray God to let the light of this day raise in you to be an obedient servant to God and then let the fruit of the spirit ever remain in your life. And that is a life is worthy of the gospel. Let me say this in closing. The only way, the only way that you can live a life that's worthy of the gospel is let the gospel itself, every bit of the gospel come into you and reflect his promises back, make them vindicated. Let God live in you to vindicate the promises of this day. Just as John, Jesus said to John, suffer it to be so, John. That's right. But we are the messengers of this day and we've got to fulfill all righteousness. And if we are the Christians of this day, let's receive Jesus Christ into our heart. And he is the word. Amen. Don't deny any of it. Say it's the truth. And place it in your heart. Watch the fruit of the spirit upon you and fulfill every promise that he made in the Bible. God wants to fulfill his word. And he don't have any hands but mine and yours. He don't have any eyes but mine and yours. He has no tongue but mine and yours. I am the vine. Ye are the branches. The branches bears the fruit. The vine energiz is the branch. That's the life that's worthy. My prayer is to those in radio or in on the tape land and those that are present. May the God of all grace of heaven shine his blessed Holy Spirit upon us all that we from this night henceforth can live a life that God would say, "I'm well pleased." Enter into the eternal joys that's been prepared for you since the foundation of the world. That the God of heaven send his blessings upon all you people. I pray that God will bless you women tonight that's got short hair in such a way that you will sin and get away from this modern trend of the day and realize that the Bible says that you shouldn't do that. And if you're guilty of wearing immoral clothes that the God of heaven will shed his grace in your heart that you'll never do it again, that you'll never be guilty of such a thing again. May the Holy Spirit just open it up to you and show you. May you without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, may you man that's got your wives and let them be the boss of the house and lead you around. May the God of heaven give you grace to set your foot down and bring that woman back to her right mind again. And realize that that's your place in Christ, not a boss now, but you are the head of the house. Remember, she's not even in the original creation. She's only a byproduct of you. Give by God to you to take care of you, to keep your clothes clean and fix your meals and so forth. She's not your dictator. You American women run around with a gob of paint on your face and your nose up in the air and rain. It drowns you and then think you're some sort of a dictator. You are to assist me, but not a real son of God. Amen. Right. May God give you man grace as sons of God to stop such nonsense as that. That's right. May he give you grace to throw them cigarettes down. Stop listening to them dirty jokes, all that nonsense. Let's be sons of God that we can walk a life that's worthy of the gospel. And somebody goes down the street say if there ever was a Christian, there goes one. There goes one that God just shows himself right through. And that man is a real Christian. There ever was a Christian. You might think she looks oldfashioned. She's a genuine lady. There it is. Be a reputable Christian. For we are aliens here. This is not our home. Our home is above. We are sons and daughters of a king of the king. Let us let our lives be a a reputable life. Let us let live a life that honor that thing that we claim to be a Christian. And if you can't live that kind of life, then stop being called a Christian because you're only bringing reproach upon the cause. Thank you people. This hot night sitting here, I trust that there'll not be one of you lost at that day. I I I trust that you and I together will find grace before God. That I'll be able to always stand for that which is truth. Never to hurt you, but never to pull a punch from you. See, if I would, I wouldn't be the right kind of a daddy if I let my kids just do anything. I'll correct them. Any love will do that. Love is corrective. I remember you writing me that note that day, Pat. I've still got it. And love is corrective. The Bible says so. And if it isn't correct, that's the reason God corrects us. He loves us. May we live a life from henceforth that's worthy with sweetness and gentleness. Don't pay no attention. You say, "Well, bless God. I know she's got it. She spoke in tongues. She danced in the spirit." That's all right. But if she doesn't have the fruit of the spirit, the spirit isn't there. She's only impersonating some kind of an emotion or something because the Holy Spirit can only live the life of the fruit of the spirit. That's the only way he can do. God bless you. Let us bow our heads just a moment. Let the God that has shed forth his light in this last day that laying here before me of his Bible and the picture of these angels, this mystic light in the form of a pyramid that even the scientists don't know how it got here. They can't explain it. But Father, we're thankful you told us months before it happened. and we're grateful to you. Let the people that's called by thy name depart from sin tonight, Lord. Unbelief. May, as I've had to speak so rashly against our sisters, it's not because I don't love them, Lord, but I don't want to see the devil wind them up till they drop dead one of these days and then try to meet you in that kind of condition after hearing the truth of God like this. May they feel that they owe it to themselves to go search the scriptures and see if that's right. get down on their knees then sincerely and say God is that the truth then that'll be all necessary Lord if they'll be sincere about it for thy word is true the people said many of them maybe had things that heard them but the spirit of God spoke to them and they sat still and listened the hour getting late the hour late in the evening and it's also late in the time that we're living in the sun is going down the world's cooling off God. Darkness will soon set in and then the coming of the Lord to catch away his church. How we thank you for this Lord. We pray now that you'll bless every person in divine presence. Everyone that hears this tape, Lord, around the world. May they get away from those old creeds and things and come and serve the living God. Come and invest in it. do like the queen of the south that she come took her three months to get to where a man was representing Jesus Christ or the God of heaven Solomon Jesus said she come from the uttermost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of Solomon and behold a greater than Solomon is here and we know the greater than Solomon is here the great Holy Spirit himself is here working through the people how we thank you for this father I pray the blessings bless our dear pastor brother Neville Lord, as I as I look at him and think of his labors of love, my heart just jumps. I love him. You see him as he looks upon his wife and these little children. I I pray God that you'll strengthen him. Give him courage. Bless him for many, many more years of service this great harvest field that we're in. Bless all these minister brothers sitting here tonight. Many of them are visitors from other places. I pray that you'll be with them. There's Judy and brother Rudd and those precious men who are sister churches to this church here standing and holding the gospel light in the different parts of the cities around about for this same life and tending for it. Thank you for those men. Lord, encourage them and give them grace to stand the great trials and things that comes upon the earth to prove all Christians. Heal the sick and the afflicted. Lord, be with us through this coming week. Now give us courage. May the little broken up Sunday school lessons of the day never leave their heart. May they meditate day and night. Amen. Grant these blessings, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I ask the Amen. You love him. You believe him. God, let's sing our good song again. I love him. I love him. As we join ourselves together, where's Sister? Is she here? one of them or the sister has played the piano. One of the ladies here don't see here she the lady over here. That's right. I wanted tonight with all regards but I didn't see brother and I wanted him to sing for me tonight. Uh how great thou art. I guess the brother went home. See I heard that song this morning and I certainly did appreciate that. My oh my. That just rang through my heart and I I I want to hear him sing how great thou art. Now let's sing h um I love you. Everybody good. Now just close your eyes. Let's look to him now. Say, "Lord, if there's any of this carnality in me, take it out right now. Take it out." And you out here's this tape. When you hear this song, sing with us. Then right in your chair where you're sitting. If is that if you're condemned by the word. If you don't think it's a word, search the scriptures. See if it's right. It behooves you. It means life or death. And then while we sing the song of his carnality in your life, won't you raise up your hand in your chair? Have your children and wives raise up their hand. Your loved ones around you sing I love him and give your life to him. Say cleanse me Lord from all evil. While we sing now let's stand. I love him. Lord Jesus, I pray that you'll heal the people who wear these handkerchiefs. I bless them in Jesus Christ name [Music] [Applause] now in this great blessing. Just keep playing it sister. Just let's close your eyes and think a minute now. Let's pray in our heart. Lord Jesus, search me. Do I really love you? You said if you love me, you'll keep my sayings. If you love me, you'll keep my [Music] word. And then in your heart, say, "Lord, let me keep your word. Let me hide in my heart never to sin against you." That's disbelieve anything that you've said. And now, while we sing, I love him, let's shake hands with somebody near us. Just reach over. Say, "God bless you, brother or sister." Real quiet now. [Music] [Music] [Applause] God bless you and pray. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] Now let's raise your hands to him. I love him. [Applause] I love him. [Applause] Watch you get [Music] and just my salary. [Applause] Praise the Lord. You love him. Isn't he wonderful? I pray for each one of you. Children, what good would it do me to stand here and say these things if I in my heart I didn't think it was going to help you when I'm tired and worn. I just can't hardly stand here. My feet are hurting and my shoes have stood in sweated in there and everything that my feet's g and I I'm so tired I'm no kid no more. and I have preached three or four hour sermons and prayed for the sick and going day and night. Why would I be standing here and do you know of all this 30 years if it was for popularity? I've shunned that. You know I don't take money. You know that. Now I have have I told you anything in the name of the Lord but what come to pass? You know that's right. I love you. It's a love of God that's in my heart for each one of you. I wish I could I wish I could stand before God and say God let let me help him. Let let me do this. I can't do it. Each person has to stand by theirel. I I I believe we're all going up now one of these days. And if we happen to fall asleep before that time, I'm taking from you. Remember, I'll meet you over there. I know it's there. The very visions that's told you everything being perfect has come to pass just as he said. No one of all these years can ever say that I ever told you anything that would come to pass, but what it did. the world over knows that you never seen it on the platform while I told everybody exactly truth. See, it's always been that same God. Let me look up past the curtain of time. I seen them women and men throwing their arms around me and hugging me saying, "Oh, brother Brandon, I I just can't sit. I'm tired. I'll go anyhow. My back hurts." And I every day I I'm I'm 54 years old. You know, you get extra pain every day. My prayer is God, hold me together. Hold me together to preach the word, stand on that truth until I see my boy Joseph whole enough and filled with the Holy Ghost. I take his old wore out Bible and in his hand and say, "Son, carry it to the end of your life. Don't you compromise on it." I thought maybe Billy would preach the gospel. God never called him. But I believe Joseph, even a little mean boy that he is, I believe God's called him. That's the reason kids can't get along with him. He's a leader. And I I I know that God's called him. I want to train him in the way of the word, the way of the word of the Lord, that he'll not forsake that word. I want to do it myself if God willing. And when I get old and sit back and see him there, stand in the pulpit and said, "This same gospel my daddy stood for, he's sitting there old and broke tonight, but I want to take his place and fill his shoes stand there." Then I look up and say, "Lord, let your servant depart in peace." That's what I want to see so bad. Until that time come, then what if I would raise in another generation? I can't. I have to come with this generation. I have to stand with you. You are the ones I have to stand for and give an account before God of the gospel I preach. Do you think I'd stand here and try to twist you around out of something I thought was right? I'd be encouraging you to go do it. But I know that when it's wrong, I want to get you out of that into what is right. Truly from my heart. God, bear me record. I love you everyone with real divine Christian love. God bless you. Pray for me. I don't know what my future holds, but I know who's holding my future. Amen. So, I rest in that. I turn the this pulpit over to a man that I have supreme confidence in as a servant of Jesus Christ, our pastor, Brother Neville. Praise God. Man, I enjoyed singing together at the end. It's always nice. If we could go back to page 41 where we began and uh we'll look at the first question. It says, "If the gospel is right, what what should we do about it?" Let's go from here and turn over to uh paragraph 237, which will be at the bottom of page 46. Brother Bam, just before this, they started telling the uh story of when he went to Chicago to preach and they laid a trap for him. They were going to question him on his doctrine and trap him in his doctrine and he and he told them what was going to happen. Then he stood there and preached the message. I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision. It would do you good to go listen to that sermon sometime because when you hear brother talk about it, he says, "If any of you can uh could take your Bibles, come stand by me if you can contest it. And if not, get off my back. And another place he says, you know, here he says, this is the quietest room you've ever seen. And another place he says, they didn't say anything. They didn't come. He said, they were smarter than I thought they was. And beforehand, he says, you've seen God in action. Now you'll see God in battle. So it was the battle of the Lord. But what's amazing to me is how brother Bam talked about the scenario. It was a battle. It was it was a a trap. It was God coming on the scene and standing behind his prophet, standing behind the word and silencing all the voices. But if you go back and listen to the message, Brother Benham is so humble when he's preaching. Do you know how he says, "Come stand by me." He says, "Now now you brothers, now I'm willing to listen to anything that you have to say. If if you'll just take your Bibles and come here and God don't have to raise his voice. God don't have to stop and shout. All God has to do is speak his word and his word is enough. It doesn't take the personality of a man. Doesn't take stomping around and shouting. All it takes is a quiet submission to the Lord and a steadfast standing on the word. You don't have to be angry. You don't have to be mad. You don't have to spit it through your teeth. All you got to do is give the word and the word will stand the test. Amen. Amen. So, it was a battle. God was being mighty in battle through a humble vessel that'll just stay with the word. That was God mighty in battle. So just because somebody's not arguing with you, just because somebody's not yelling at you, just because they're not getting angry with you, doesn't mean that God's not on the scene and God's not battling. We don't All we need to do is stay humble like Brother Benham and just stay with the word and let God be mighty in battle. So, it might do you good to hear that message one day. You'll be like, "This can't be the one he's referring to, but it is." So, let's go down to the bottom of page 46. Now, this is right after he tells that story. Paragraph 237, Tommy Hicks said, "I want 300 of those tapes to send to every Trinitarian preacher I know of." Them men, shaking my hand, said, "We'll come down to the tabernacle and be baptized over." Where where they at? Excuses. I can't do it. My denomination won't let me. I married a wife. I bought an uh a yoke of ox rather. I bought a piece of ground. I got to go look at it. See some of those things like excuses. Is that right? Is that life worthy of the gospel? If the gospel is right, let's sell out everything we got and live for it. Be a Christian. Yes, sir. Amen. Notice now as we close, it's very evident when brother Ram's talking about the gospel. He's not just talking about Amen. the same thing that's been preached for 2,000 years, but the gospel is the good news. And this message is the good news of our day. Amen. And if this message is right, let's sell out everything we got and live for it and be a Christian. Let's go from there over to paragraph 243 on the next page, page 48. He says, let's compare something one time of a life worthy. Let's compare the life of St. Paul to the rich young ruler. The same light struck both men. Both had the same invitation from Jesus Christ. That's right. They both was well trained in the scriptures. They were both theologians. Uh both theologians. Remember Jesus told the rich young ruler, "Keep the commandments." He said, "I've done this from my youth." He was a trained man. So was St. Paul. Both were well trained in the scriptures. Both of them had the word. One had it from the from a knowledge. The other one had the germ of life in it. When the light flashed across in front of Paul, he said, "Lord, who are you?" Said, "I'm Jesus. Here I am." Then he was ready. The light struck both men. One was dermatized. the other is not. That's the way it is today. Church spiritual and church natural. Let's go to paragraph 251 on the next page at the bottom of 49. But Paul when the light struck him, let's compare his life and see whether it's worthy. What happened when Paul the light struck him? He forsook all his knowledge and got away from that intellectual group and he walked in the spirit of Jesus Christ. Man, what made him worthy of the gospel? cuz he heeded the invitation and he came to the spiritual feast. He rejected everything else. Let's go to paragraph 258 on page 51. He goes on and he says, "Look at Polycarp standing from the name of Jesus baptism against the Roman Catholic Church and they burned him to a stake, tore down a bath house and burn him. Look at Irene, the rest of them that suffered for this cause. That's lives worthy." So a life worthy is not just dying for the gospel. A life worthy is giving up your life for the gospel. Giving up everything else for the gospel. Look what Paul said in the book of Hebrews 11th chapter. He said they were saw a sunder, pulled apart, wandered about in sheep skins and goat skins as was in desert and destitute and so forth. Lives that this world is not worthy of. There you are. That life is worthy of the gospel. How is mine and yours going to stand in the day of judgment with men like that? Look at Paul now. We'll go on down. He stood for the gospel. Let Jesus so flow through him. No matter how what regardless of what anybody thought about it, where the high priest, why he went and had his head caught off for it, he was a worthy representation of the gospel. Look there. Regard regardless of what people thought, letting the current of eternal life flow through him in so much that he said, "I would be a curse from Christ for my brethren." Now, you know what you do when you get eternal life? There is your question. There is your answer. You take the intellectual side or you take this side. If you really got eternal life, that's what happens. That's what happened. Paul ready to be a curse from Christ to let his people, the blind, ignorant people that wouldn't listen to his gospel. Then brother said, I think a shame on myself. I was ready to give them up because they wouldn't listen to me. Remember at the beginning we said, where did he preach this? He was preaching this in 1963. And he said, "I was ready to give them up because they wouldn't listen listen to me." Amen. And that's because he felt the rejection from them not listening to him. He said, "I was ready to give them up because they wouldn't listen to me." He said, "I feel like repenting and I have repented." See, notice regardless of what others thought, this kind of life is worthy of the gospel. I mean, this is so amazing because brother Bam starts showing how Paul not only gave up his intellectuals, only gave up his status in the church, he was willing to be a curse from Christ for his brother. And he said, "That's what happens when eternal life comes in. You're willing to give up everything for the gospel." And then, Brother Bam said he was ashamed of himself because he was ready to give them up because they wouldn't listen to him. But thank God, he repented. Amen. Amen. So now let's go to the second question. What will keep the seed from living? Let's go back to paragraph 238. What will keep the seed from living? Paragraph 238 on page 47. But their excuses is their creeds and denominations. It's like a tree. I was looking at brother Banks the other day. I had a pine tree I planted when I first moved up there about oh about 15 years ago or better. And I let them vines, the branches grow out on the pine tree. And we couldn't get the mower back under there. And there wasn't a springrig of grass anyhow. And I went out there and I took a saw and saw them limbs off until the pine tree was way up here where you could walk under it with a mower. And the prettiest bunch of grass you ever seen is under it now. What was it? The seed was there. It had to get the light. And as long as the denomination, your excuses try to shadow that seed that you're now, you know, actually lays there, you're taking the part of Lot. Throw them things away and let the gospel light shine upon there. The power of Jesus Christ. Yes. Keeping the light off of it will keep it from living. For if the light ever gets to it, it will spring forth to life. I love that. If the life ever gets to it, it'll spring forth to life. That's the reason that people say, "Don't go to some of them kind of meetings." They're afraid some of that light will strike one of their members. Remember the woman at the well? She was a prostitute. There stood those priests. They seen Jesus tell Nathaniel, "I saw you by when you was under the fig tree." And the priest said, "He's be elabub. He's a fortune teller. That's the devil." This little woman, when she walked up there in her immoral state, living with six men. And when she walked up there in that state, in that state she was. And Jesus said, "Bring me a drink." The conversation started. He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I don't have any." Said, "You said the truth. You've got five, and the one you're living with is not your husband." She said, "I perceive you're a prophet, sir. I know the Messiah will do that when he comes." Jesus said, "I am he." That settled it. When that light flashed across that seed laying in that little old harlot, the harlot days was over. Into the street she went, glorifying God. Come see a man who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the Messiah? What was it? The light got to the seed back under the shadow of a prostitute shelter. Yes, sir. Praise God. So, what is it that we need to do to get the seed to spring to life? Just give them the light of the gospel of the hour and it'll cause the seed to come to life. What worked on you and I, it was the light of the hour. Amen. When God could get the light back under the shadows of whatever shadow we were living in, when that light got back under that shadow, that seed sprung to life. Praise God. Now you see where the devil fights the word so much. Amen. Next question. What is the only way to live a life worthy? Let's go to paragraph 264 over on page 52. Page 252, paragraph 26 or page 52, paragraph 264. The only way to live a life worthy is to let Christ and his word, which he is the word, reflect itself so perfect in you till God vindicates what he said in the word. For Christ died that he might present himself before God as sacrifice. And it returned back in the form of the Holy Spirit to reflect himself through his people to carry on his work, reflecting himself through you to fulfill his promised word in these future days. Let's go to the next page on paragraph 271. Pray God to let the light of this day raise in you to be an obedient servant to God. And then let the fruit of the spirit ever remain in your life. And that is a life worthy of the gospel. Let me say this in closing. The only way the only way that you can live a life that's worthy of the gospel is let the gospel itself, every bit of the gospel come into you and reflect his promises back. Make them vindicate. Vindicated. Let God live in you to vindicate the promises of this day. Just as John, as Jesus said to John, suffered to be so, John. That's right. But we are the messengers of this day, and we've got to fulfill all righteousness. And if we are the Christians of this day, let's receive Jesus Christ into our heart. And he is the word. Don't deny any of it. Say, "It's the truth." And place it in your heart. Watch the fruit of the spirit upon you and fulfill every promise that he made in the Bible. God wants to fulfill his word and he don't have any hands but mine and yours. He don't have any eyes but mine and yours. He has no tongue but mine and yours. I am the vine. You are the branches. The branches bear fruit. The vine energizes the branch. That's the life that's worthy. So, must we bear the fruit of the spirit? Yes. Must we live the word? Yes. Must we do it of our own effort? No. It's got to be his life. Living his word through our bodies. He is the vine. We are the branches. It's his life. It's his power. But what did he say to see that work? He said, "Receive every word and say it's the truth." Receive it and don't give up on it until it all comes to manifestation in our lives. Just hold on to it and believe it and receive God. And remember, brother Bam said in another message, he said, "God can only use what you surrendered to him." And he was talking about Samson. Samson gave God his strength but not his heart. And God could only have so much victory in Samson because God or Samson only gave part. But when Samson finally gave all, Amen. God got the greatest victory of Samson's life when Samson was ready to give his life and give all of it. Amen. And do we want to have a life that's worthy of the gospel? Then we have to receive the gospel. But then we have to receive the life of the gospel and let the gospel live out of us by saying it's the truth. Amen. And empty out everything else that's different and let the gospel life live through us. Amen. That's a life worthy of the gospel. I just want to make a couple notes. Turn with me back to paragraph 213. I just want to highlight a couple things as we close. Paragraph 213 on page 42 says, "Where is your treasures? Do you want to be some great somebody? If you are, you're nobody. You get to a place till you don't want to be a great somebody. You want to be a humble little servant of Christ. That's the way out. That's all. Amen. Let's just let's just strive and desire to be what he wants us to be. Nothing else. Let's go to paragraph 282. There's one little note that I want to note here that I found to be interesting. 282 on page 55. Brother says, "Let the people that's called by thy name depart from sin tonight, Lord. unbelief. So what is sin? Unbelief. Let's turn over to paragraph 291 on page 57. He says, "Now in this great blessing, just keep playing it, sister. Just close your eyes and think a minute now. Let's pray in our heart. Lord Jesus, search me. Do I really love you?" You said, "If you love me, you'll keep my sayings. If you love me, you'll keep my word." And then in your heart, say, "Lord, let me keep your word." I love that. Let's just think about that for a minute. Says, "If you love me, you'll keep my word." That's the commandment. Jesus said, "If you love me, you'll keep my commandments." And then in your heart, say, "Lord, let me keep your word." Oh, we realize we need help in this, friends. We need his spirit. Lord, let me keep your word. Let me hide it in my heart. Never to sin against you. That's disbelieve anything that you said. So, what is it to sin against the Lord? Listen, don't go to the attributes of sin. Let's go back to the core of sin. What is it to sin against the Lord? To disbelieve anything that he said. We're supposed to stay with the word. Let's go up to the top of this page on paragraph 290. And let's read this as the musicians come. And brother Blake, if you make your way up now, let's sing I Love Him. Everybody together. Now, just close your eyes and let's look to him now. Say, Lord, if there's any of this carnality in me, take it out right now. Take it out. And you out here's this tape. Hey, that's you and I. Amen. You see yourself in this here. You that hears this tape. When you hear this song, sing with us. Then write in your chair where you're sitting. If if there's that, if you're condemned by the word, if you don't think it's the word, search the scripture. See if it's right. It behooves you. It means life or death. And then while we sing this song, if there's carnality in your life, won't you raise up your hand in your chair? Have your children, your wife to raise up their hand, your loved ones around you sing, I love him and give your life to him. Say, cleanse me, Lord, from all evil. Let's all stand. I think it'd be a good time to sing, I love him. I love him. And just lift our hands to him just like the prophet told us, just like he demonstrated on the tape. lift our hands and say, "Lord, take all this carnality out of me." I don't think of as any of us got to the place where there's no carnality left. We could all raise our hands and say, "Lord, take all carnality out of me. Take anything that's not like you out of me and let only your word live through me." Can we sing that song? I love him. Let's sing it with this prayer in our hearts. Will [Music] I love him? [Music] I love him because he first loved [Music] me and purchase my salation. [Music] Oh yeah. Sing the chorus one more time. [Music] I love him. [Music] I love him because he first love [Music] me and purchase my salation. ation on God tree. The real question, friends, is can we love him more than we love self? That's the real battleground. Can we deny self and all the wants of the flesh and all selfish ambitions and all selfish motives? Can we just love him more when we hear his word? When we sing this song from deep inside, that's the genuine love that loves him more than anything else. That's why we can raise our hands and say, "Lord, take this carnality out of my life. And Lord, help me keep your word. I want to keep your word, but help me keep your word." Let's bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, we thank you for your word. We thank you, God, that you sent the gospel in our day, a bright light. And Lord, you found a seed laying in a shadow in our life, hid back under all kinds of things. Lord, under selfishness, under pride, some in denominations, some in the world, some in all kinds of lives. But God, you knew where it was laying. And just like you went by Samaria one day to shine light on his seed, Lord, you came by us. Whether it was in the world or in a denominational system or right here in this sanctuary, you found a way to get your light to a seed that was shadowed over. You sprung it to life. And God, we just want to raise our hands and say, "Take all carnality out of us. Help us, Lord, to keep your word because that's the desire of our heart. Help us, Lord. God, we want to empty out and give you all. We want, Lord, by your grace a life that's worthy of the gospel. We heard your invitation, Lord, and it was our pleasure to come. when others turned it down and threw it away and had excuses and no need. Lord, there was something inside of us that wanted to come to your spiritual feast. And God, we thank you for the grace that placed the predestinated seed within our soul. So that when we heard the call, though we weren't the first ones bidden, we weren't the best option. We were the bad ones. We were whatever, halt and lame and blind, whatever condition. But Lord, something in us wanted to come to that feast. We know that was your grace, God. Now that we're here feasting on your word, Lord, we want to give you room to work inside of us that you might manifest your life, that we might live the fruits of the spirit, that your word might be manifest in these bodies of flesh that you've redeemed. May you get glory in it all and may it be a life worthy of the gospel. We love you, Lord. We thank you for this message. Thank you for this gospel. May you bless your children as we part from here. Keep them safely on the way home. May the light shine through them. And may that light that shines through them touch others and find light in shadowy places. Find other seeds tucked up behind shadowy places. And may the light from your children, Lord, shine unto others and may they come to life as well. For that's the desire of our heart, Lord, to see all your seed come to life. We love you. We ask that you would bless us, Lord. Have preeminence among us, Lord, and be pleased with our lives. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Man, God bless you all, man. I've enjoyed listening to another tape and have another tape service with you. It's always a blessing. Every year I said we're going to do this more than once, but you know how it goes. We flip months on the calendar like like we flip weeks, you know. But I thank God that we had this time together and I enjoyed it. And if there's anything that this can do, the the the purpose behind all of this is to enjoy this together and learn how to dig into the word to to eat from the word. Not to just listen or read casually, but to to take the meat for our day to give us spiritual strength. And if I can do anything, if God gives me any influence or ability over you all, it would be to instill into you a hunger and a desire to read the message for yourselves. Every child and young person of every age, you're only going to be as strong as the amount of good nutritious food you eat. And we spend so much time in this world bombarded by other things that we have to partake of. And we have to as we mingle with the world, there's so many things that are coming in that is not nutritious food that will not give us spiritual strength to fly. Amen. We we've got to gain strength from the word. We've got to read the Bibles ourselves. We got to read the message ourselves. We got to ask God to give us open eyes to see and to hear, open our ears and open our eyes that we can feed on the word ourselves. So, I hope you love the word and I hope you feed on the word daily. to have spiritual strength. This last leg of the journey is going to require all the vitamins of the whole Bible. That's why God took the took the veil off the Bible and gave us the full word because this last leg of the journey to fly clear on out of this dimension is going to require all the spiritual vitamins that's available. That's why we have a four full seven course menu. Brother Banner said, for this end time, take advantage of it. I I encourage you. God bless you. Remember the blame. I'll live for [Music] Jesus and let the world go [Music] by. I'll claim his promises. He will supply. We'll walk together. My Lord and I, I'll live for Jesus and let the world go by. Live for Jesus. I'll live for Jesus and let the world go by. I'll claim his promises. He will supply. Walk [Applause] together. My Lord and I. I'll live for Jesus. Let the world go by one more time. I'll live for Jesus. Let the world go high. How his promises he will supply. Walk [Applause] together. My Lord and I. I'll live for Jesus. [Music] Let the world begin. Well, it's Jesus I really want to see. And it's Jesus I really want to see want to see. And the more I see this old world, the less it means to me. For it's Jesus that I really want to see. Well, it's Jesus I really want to see. [Music] Oh, it's Jesus that I really want to see. And the more I see of this old world, the less it means to me. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see.
