################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Ultimate, The Absolute, The Unlimited - Past. Isaiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    The Ultimate, The Absolute, The Unlimited - Past. Isaiah Brooks
Speaker:  Isiah Brooks
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle Iowa City
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_BLZcsCjPk
========================================

Description:
Jesus Christ est le meme, hier, et aujourd'hui, et eternellement.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.

le message du temps de la fin
the end time message
http://branham.org/en/MessageAudio
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, let me a mercy. [Music] Oh father raing for ning the in deep country. [Music] Oh hey my unbeing just the save you. Oh save. Oh my Jesus my h. [Music] My humble cry. Why not th ally? Oh, do not pass me. Oh, trust thee only in thy [Music] mer. Oh h the s that I f. [Music] for him my wounded broken [Music] spirit. Oh save me by thy gra. [Music] Oh say hey. Oh my Jesus say my [Music] hle my holle. [Music] Oh, do not pass me by. [Music] Jesus gave me a call for the prayer to all straight. Oh [Music] fl the cross. in the cross. [Music] Give my glory [Music] ever till my rightous soul shall fall. Praise be the [Music] river. Let us pray. [Music] [Music] [Music] Yes. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] We ask you brother Christian, brother Christian to pray for the starting of the meeting. God really thank you this morning. We know that you didn't look at what we did as human being. We look over to what we have done to come in this as we standing for the thank you Lord. We have received from you what the word cannot give us or our self give to us. Lord as we came this morning to meet you Lord. May you come down among us and manifest the might of God such a point that you can deliver us from all sins this morning. And you may feel our heartless from above. So that when we go out of this place, we may be filled with the joy of salvation. Bless the service of this morning from the beginning to the end. Bless our pastors going to bring the word of God. Let let not just be him, Lord, but he may be the wisdom of God that will be speaking in such a way that when the word of God will be pronounced, we may have the circumcision of our heart. If we went outside of your will, Lord, may your word to bring us back to your your will, Lord. Bless each brother and sister. Those who are here and those who are still on the way, those who are not able to come, Lord, may you fill them with the thirst of your word. Father, we ask you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ our God. Amen. May God bless you and bless. Glory to the Lord. We shall stand and worship the Lord. Glory to his name. Down at the cross where my savior stand down where for sin I cry they to my All was the blood. The blood. Oh, glory to his name. Blessing, glory, glory to his name. All glory to his name. All day to my heart was the blood of blood. All glory to his name. I am so free from sin. Jesus so sweetly above within there Jesus said make perfect glory to his name. Let's sing glory to his name. Hey hey glor to his name hey all day to my heart was the blood the blood all glory to his name. Oh precious from tend from sin and I am so glad that I have entered him that Jesus said me and keep me clean. Oh glory to his name. Blessing, glory, glory to his name. Hey, all glory to his name. All day to my heart was the blood that I go praise to his name. [Music] Come to this found the [Music] soul the sior plate today and be made for glory to his name. Let's say [Music] glory. Praise his name. Oh, glory to his [Music] name. All day to my heart was the blood of all glory to his name. Let's sing glory. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Hey, all day to my heart was the blood applied. Oh, glory to his name. Let's sing. Glory, [Music] glory. All glory to his name. All day to my heart was the blood of blood. Glory to his name. My heart is [Music] natur to the Lord from the day I Oh, they brought me out to golden day. He brought me out of the M. Oh my [Music] go praise. Hallelujah. Yeah. Oh h me and all the mighty gra. Oh he said my f on the road to [Music] stay put a song in my soul today. Oh a song of praise hallelujah. He bless me upon the sorrow of my son. Oh my [Music] sh I remain by the ground way. Oh me for the mighty [Music] gra my faith on the road to stay put a song in my soul today. Oh praise [Music] hallelujah. He gave me a song twice when you sate. Oh by day and by now is to sing and my heart overflow I'm happy. Oh I praise my redeemer who has rescued me. Oh hey me all the mar. Oh hey all the stay put in my soul today. Oh praise hallelujah. Sing of his wonderful name. Say to me, "Oh, I praise him." Oh, man is good. I shall sing. I sing of sal [Music] my soul today. Oh, praise. [Music] Hallelujah. There's a land that is fed on the day. Oh, and by faith we can see the far. Oh, for the far away the way. for to prepare us a dwell in the way the way in our way by oh by and by we shall make on the beautiful floor in a way. Oh my, by and by, by and by, we shall make on the beautiful. Oh, we shall sing on the beautiful shore. Oh, they may love the songs of the bless. Oh, and our spirit shall fall on our moon. Oh, for the blessing of [Music] pray in our way by Yes. By and by we shall be on the beautiful show in a way. My God by and by, by and by, we shall make on the beautiful. Yes. In a way, in a way, in a way by Oh, by and by sh. [Music] Oh my by and by by and by we shall be on the for we offer a true beautiful for the glorious gift of his love. Oh, and the passing the heart in our way in our way by and by sh. [Music] Oh my by and by by and by [Music] shious. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Well, [Music] me. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Come say come say come say come say [Music] oh [Music] hallelujah [Music] oh way Oh, hallelujah. [Music] [Music] I'm enter with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his God will pray. I will say this is the day in the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh yeah, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, I will enter his king with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his God we pray. Oh, I will say this is the day and the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh yeah, he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Ah yes, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. Glory to the Lord. Amen. Now that we calling pastor to come over sing or when I see the blood when I see the blood Christ the redeemer died on the cross. Oh die for the sue. break all your soul with the blood of the lamb. Oh, and I will pass. I will pass over you when I when I Oh, I said the blood. Oh, when I when I Oh, I see the blood. When I went out, oh, I said the blood I pass. My [Music] s J face of s Jesus will sing. Oh all he has pro. [Music] Oh w Oh for sake. Oh and I will I will so for you. Oh when I when I when I say goodbye. Oh, when I when I said the blood when I went out. Hallelujah. I said the [Music] blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. Amen. We thank God for his grace. Amen. Glad to be in the house of the Lord. Surely we are so blessed. Give God the highest praise. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm just gonna sing just a little song. You may know it. I think I've sung it here before. [Music] thought I wouldn't be here [Music] today if it wasn't for the mercy of the good Lord. I wouldn't be here today if he had not died. on Calary. If he had not heard my feable plea, if he had not come to see about me, I wouldn't be here today. No, I wouldn't be here today. Oh, if it wasn't for the mercy of the good Lord, I wouldn't be here [Music] today. If it wasn't for the mercy of the good Lord, I wouldn't be here today. [Applause] If he had not died on [Music] Calary, if he had not heard my people plea, if he had not come to see about me, I wouldn't be here today. No, I wouldn't be here today. I'm going to say one more time. If it wasn't for the mercies of the good Lord, I wouldn't be here today. If it wasn't for the mercies of the good Lord, I wouldn't be here today. If he had not died on Calary. [Music] If he had not heard my feeble plea, if he had not come to see about me, I wouldn't be here today. No, I wouldn't be here today. Amen. Amen. Glory. Amen. Amen. Think about that song. Real simple. Amen. We could just stand and read the word. We're going to be coming from Matthew 21 beginning at the 10th verse. Glad to see brother John who ministered for us last week. We appreciate everything that was done and said and done then. for those who who did not make it. We really had a wonderful time [Music] and I know that sometimes that put a strain on some of you but even your prayers were felt we appreciate that in the name of the Lord. Matthew 21 beginning at the 10th verse. And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, "Who is this? multitude said, "This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee." [Music] And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew them that the tables of the money changers, and the seats of them that sold doves. And he said unto them, "It is written, my house shall be called the house of prayer, but ye have made it a den of thieves. In the 14th verse, and the blind and the lame came to him in the temple and he healed them. Let us pray. Our gracious father, we thank you, Father, for your grace and your mercy. We thank you for being so good to us. Lord, I pray this morning that you would bless us, bless the people. We can't preach this morning without your anointing. We need that shakina glory. Now, not only to to anoint me, hear us here this morning. Bless this service. in a special way in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. We thank the Lord for his grace to give us this time this morning. I I think somebody uh may have they may have had a different schedule. Uh the ministers may have had a different schedule uh and I may have interrupted it the schedule but I I believe it was the will of the Lord for me to be here in this particular scripture. A lot is being said, but I'm just going to go where in different places to start the message off. My message on this morning is called the ultimate, the absolute and the unlimited. Amen. Amen. So, we appreciate the Lord and like I said, I think the last time I was here, we must focus ourselves on the uh growth of Christ in us. We are approaching uh the translation or the or the rapture, however you want to say it. [Music] But we must understand that we are not from this world. According to brother Brandham, we are coming from heaven to earth, from earth, back to heaven. Then we come back to earth. So we are coming from another [Music] land. We didn't know that. We literally thought we were all just like everybody else. But there was something on the inside of the inside that would give us rest. It wouldn't give us the peace that we we we wanted. But when we heard this message, something changed. It gave us a new vision, it gave us new hope. Hallelujah. But most of us, most of all, it gave us faith. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. This message comes to give us identity. It comes to give us a revelation of who we really are. Hallelujah. If there is uh what we would call aliens, hallelujah, we would be the ones. We are the pilgrims. We are the strangers. We are the travelers. Hallelujah. And we're traveling from earth to glory. Jesus Christ. Who is the first fruit of his kind? Jesus the creation of God. Hallelujah. Has brethren. Hallelujah. Amen. And we who are born of the Holy Ghost. We are the brethren of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Even the prophet of God says, "Whatever he is, whatever he is is what we are in this world." Hallelujah. If he's the ultimate, so are we. If he's the absolute, so are we. If he's the unlimited, so are we. Not that we make ourselves that we've got the ultimate in us. We got the absolute in us. We've got the unlimited God in us. This is why we cannot uh uh be controlled by any kind of a church system. Understand where I'm going with this? Amen. Because we are born of God. Hallelujah. And we are led by the Holy Ghost. Think about it now. They saw Jesus coming into Jerusalem riding on a donkey and they did not have the revelation of who he really was. They say, "Who is this? And some say this is Jesus, the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee. Hallelujah. Amen. But in reality, he was Jesus, the son of God who was born in Bethlehem. Hallelujah. Amen. And here was Jesus coming in on a donkey finds the church in a corrupt state. Hallelujah. Amen. What would you do? Or what would you have done if you found the church in a corrupt state in a place where they're not doing what God wants them to do? Don't grab your panic button. Hallelujah. I'm bringing out a point. The word will stand when nothing else will. Hallelujah. He began to whip them. He began to throw over the money chains. Hallelujah. He he he turned over the dove caves. Hallelujah. And he said one thing that is so profound to me. My house shall be called the house of prayer. Now that still stands today. talking about the building, he's talking about your building because today we are the tabernacles of God. Glory to God. And even today, we should be called the house of it doesn't stop there. They thought he was a bad man because he did not follow the tradition. Y'all hear what I'm saying? First of all, no Nazareth, no Nazerite, if he wasn't a Levite had no place in the temple as a priest. Hallelujah. Amen. No, no priest, a prophet, put that word, no prophet, no prophet, had ever come out of Nazareth. And and according to the scriptures, he was to come out of Bethlehem, Judea. Hallelujah. So he threw the people's minds off because they knew the scriptures well enough to basically say can any good thing come out of Nazareth. But as Jesus came to them hallelujah, he is the light of the world. But understand darkness cannot comprehend light. Hallelujah. And instead of joining in the praise of the people who were saying hosana hosana, blessed is he that comes in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. They question his entrance. They question his entrance. They didn't know who he was. But often time when he comes he is unrecognizable. Hallelujah. Because he doesn't come in a way that you want him to come. But he always comes according to the will of God. Hallelujah. If they had only knew who was riding on the donkey. Oh, somebody help me here. He was the king of kings. He's the Lord of lords. Hallelujah. He was greater than Pilate. Come on, somebody. Greater than the Pharisees, greater than the Sadducees. Hallelujah. He was God manifested in the flesh. Hallelujah. Amen. The thing that I love about him, he had an authority. He had a power to back up what he proclaimed he was. Hallelujah. He was the savior of the world. And even though he turned over the temple way of worshiping and selling things, hallelujah, he still was God. And he proved it because even though there were many who was angry at him, all those who were chosen by him, some of them was healed, some of them was delivered. Hallelujah. But you see, when you hear the scriptures read, all you hear about is that Jesus went into the temple and turned it upside down. You don't hear about the healings. Come on, somebody. You don't hear about the healings. You don't hear about those lame people that walked again. Hallelujah. Glory to God. But wherever Jesus is, there's always the supernatural. Somebody help me here. He is unlimited. Power in heaven and earth is given unto me. He's the ultimate. He's the absolute. Hallelujah. He's the unlimit unlim unlimited. Y'all understand me? I'm getting to a place where you don't come up higher. You got to come up higher. You must come up higher. Hallelujah. in your way of thinking. Hallelujah. You cannot con constantly think like men. If you got the Holy Ghost, you're no longer just a man. You are a God man. Hallelujah. You don't you you understand me? Brother Brandham said, "If the omnipotence is in you, you are omnipotent." Hallelujah. We've got to stop resting on our feelings. Because feelings is not safe. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen, Jesus always did something. Always contrary to the normal. Is that right? They couldn't figure him out. He had a bad reputation in the beginning. Hallelujah. That's why God always used those people who got bad reputations. Hallelujah. He always come to the scum of the earth to change them into the saints of God. I don't know about you, but I needed his grace. I needed his mercy. Hallelujah. I needed his favor. Glory to God. Oh my God. Like they say, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. Hallelujah. Amen. But listen, he comes in a way. They couldn't figure him out. Here was this man from Nazareth. They say, "Who gave you the authority?" There's somebody who gives you the authority to do what you're doing. Let me ask you people who gives you the authority. Hallelujah. To claim you to claim your bride. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh my God. You You're not even an organization. You're not even a denomination. You don't have a big cathedral. Hallelujah. You You're in this little place. Oh, come on, somebody. But God always hides himself in simplicity. Glory to God. Jesus worked on the Sabbath day. Wait a minute. He's not supposed to work on the Sabbath day. He's supposed to rest. Hallelujah. But when Jesus heard his father say something to show him a vision, he would do it. He was from another world. Like I said the other day, he was on another frequency. He had a different connection. He healed on the Sabbath day. He preached in the synagogue. They knew who he was in the sense that he came from Nazareth, but they were afraid of him. Hallelujah. Amen. Because they knew he had the power to give sight to the blind. They knew he had power to turn water into wine. He had power, hallelujah, to make the lame walk. But they were afraid of him. They searched the scriptures, but they couldn't find him because he was hidden in the scripture. Hallelujah. And he purposely did it. Oh, come on, somebody. Think about this. I think I preached this the other day. Hallelujah. He comes to a woman called Mary, born of a virgin, hallelujah, that was already engaged. Hallelujah. There was a lot of virgins out there that wasn't engaged. But Jesus was setting up the stage behind the Jews. Somebody help me here. Hallelujah. Amen. And what happens? Even Joseph was blinded. But God gave him sight. Hallelujah. Amen. How can a virgin have a child? The Bible says, "A virgin shall conceive." Somebody help me here. He went beyond the norm. And if you were Joseph, you wouldn't have believed it. Hallelujah. Somebody help me here. Yes sir. It would take a [Music] revelation. So thank God. Hallelujah. From Malachi 4 who explained uh to us. The church is not built upon Peter. It's not built upon the church. It's built upon revelation. Hallelujah. The gospel becomes a new book. Hallelujah. to those whom God has chosen to be bride. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Think about this. Almighty God, he he he he he did things that was so unexplainable. He stoops down and began to wash Peter's feet. Hallelujah. They knew he was the Christ. Hallelujah. They saw him as God. Hallelujah. Even the Pharisees knew he was a son of God. Because they said, "No man can do these things except God be with you." Hallelujah. But think about it. The humility of Jesus. Oh, somebody. Let me tell y'all something. Let me say something to the women. Let me say something to the women. Hallelujah. To to be obedient to your husband. does not make you weak. It makes you strong. Hallelujah. Amen. Cuz we're living in a world where where women's live means that the woman is above the man. But it takes a holy ghostfilled woman to obey her husband in this day. Somebody help me. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes sir. It is not proper for the woman to rule the house is not the word. And if a man let his wife rule the house the Holy Ghost cuz the Holy Ghost will never let a man let his wife rule the house. Hallelujah. I'm not talking about beating up on her. No sir. But that man would live a life consecrated before that woman that she'll humble herself and call him Lord. [Music] Amen. It it works both ways. Hallelujah. Amen. You cannot be h the bride of Christ and your feelings and your emotions override the word. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It's whatever my Lord says, that's what we're going to do. Oh my God. If you're going to be a real woman of God, you must surrender down to yourself to the word. People, you know, the world will tell a woman, you ain't got no sense. [Music] Hallelujah. Let that man rule you. As long as he's ruling me with the word, as long as he's ruling me with love, let him rule. Hallelujah. Amen. I see y'all. Some of y'all don't want that. But nevertheless, that's the way it really is. Hallelujah. Right. Amen. One thing I love about Jesus, he backs up every word. He He will back up all of his word. Hallelujah. Is that right? Amen. Even before Pentecost, Mary, his his mother, Can I say it like that so you understand who I'm talking about? At the wedding, she said unto the servants, "Whatever he say, do it." Hallelujah. Amen. Now, we're in this wedding now. Oh my God. Whatever he say, do Hallelujah. We've got a prophet who's given us a word. of our husband and whatever he say do it somebody. Think about it at the wedding turns water into wine. Hallelujah. Amen. If you had been there and all you he said go fill the pots. Go fill six pots with water. Hallelujah. Well, they didn't ask for water. They were looking for wine. Somebody help me here. He said, "Go and fill the pot." And then afterwards, you come here. And then he dips, they dips the picture into a pot of water and you go serve them wine. Hallelujah. They dipped out the water. But then they began to pour the wine. Pour the water. The water was turned into wine. Somebody help me here. Let me tell you something. If you would do what he says do. Hallelujah. Let's bring it to our day. The water represents the word. The water represents the word. That word, if you do it like he said, will turn into wine. It will give you such a stimulation. It'll give you a revelation. Hallelujah. In the minds of a lot of the servants. They may have questioned a moment or two who Jesus was, but when they saw the water turn into wine, somebody help me here. You may have a question. who William Brandham is. But if you do what he says, word will turn into wine. Hallelujah. It will stimulate you. It will change you. It will put you into heavenly places by the anointing of the word. Hallelujah. We've got to go on. We've got to change that mention. And you can't change dimension just standing here. Something in you must change. Your attitude about the word must change. Somebody help me here. You and I must come to reverence this word in order for it to change. Hallelujah. Amen. Y'all hear me? I don't know about you. It's happening to you. It's changing from glory to glory. Right now, we are in the rapture. Hallelujah. And right now we are being changed inside out. You may not see it, but it's happening anyhow. Hallelujah. Amen. Like they say in that little proverb, like they say in that proverb, the things I used to do, I don't do no more. The places I used to go, I don't go no more. Hallelujah. The friends I used to have, I don't have them no more. Hallelujah. Why? Because the word is changing me. The word is changing you. It's washing you. It's cleansing you. Hallelujah. And the next step for some of us is that God is going to turn that water into. He's going to fill you and anoint you and put you into service. Hallelujah. Amen. First Thessalonians. Hallelujah. Amen. We're not earthbound. We are not earthbound. We came from glory and we go back to glory. I'm tired of this world. I'm tired of this world. I'm tired of the things of the world. Hallelujah. If I'm in sitting in heavenly places, I want to act like it. I want to talk like it. Amen. I want to live like it. Hallelujah. I want the power of God to so live in me that the people will get confused. Hallelujah. And will say who is this? Hallelujah. Because Jesus is living in me so well. All they see is Jesus. Is that where we supposed to be? 1 Thessalonians 4 16-18. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. God is so good. Hallelujah. Amen. All I'm trying to do is invite you to ride this this this this this rocket with me. I'm not in a car. I'm an astronaut. Y'all hear me? And you know, I'm already in position. The smoke is already coming out. Somebody help me. The next move is going up. Hallelujah. Somebody help me here. Oh, it's the truth. It's the truth. You got to believe you are an astronaut. I don't have to act like the Pentecostals. Hallelujah. I don't need a runway. Come on somebody. All I got is a launching pad. Somebody help me. I got a launching pad. So do you. Amen. Hallelujah. Is that right? Brother Brandham said the next thing to happen is the rapture. That's what he say. He said it ain't going to be no revival like we think. Hallelujah. The revival that's coming. It is one, but it's reviving. All of those old Babylonry spirits two part is reviving the church world, anointing them. Hallelujah. Amen. But it's also anointing us. Y'all y'all believe that? It's bringing us to perfection. But the work God wants to do, we cannot do until we are perfected. We must come to that state where we're going to be completely obedient to the word. [Music] Amen. Amen. I mean, he couldn't even open the seals. He couldn't even open the seals until he until he got brother Brandon more consecrated. Hello, somebody. He was a prophet, had done many things, but the Lord said, "You need to be more consecrated." Hallelujah. My house shall be called the house of prayer. For the Lord himself, 16th verse, for the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of an archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Let me say it like this because it come to me. We talk about the air meeting the Lord in the air. The air is another dimension. You have never seen air. You have had the effects of air. blows, the wind blows. Thank you. Hallelujah. Amen. But show that you understand that it is another dimension. Because Satan is the prince in the power of the air. He's here, but do you see him? Because he's in another dimension. And if we're going to be caught up, we must be caught up into that dimension. Hallelujah. Amen. Because otherwise when the rapture takes place, everybody going to see us. But everybody won't see us. Not when we come with Jesus riding on on on horses. Whatever it is, when he comes again that second time, they see him coming on a a white horse. But in this time, they won't see us. Is that right? That's why brother Brown said many many will be missing and they won't even know it. Won't even know where they are. Hallelujah. You say brothers, I don't know about that. But I'll say, was brother Brandham experienced when he was laying on the bed? Hallelujah. He was caught up. I don't care what nobody else said, but he was Can I say it like this? He was pre-raptured. Hallelujah. Even though his body was there, he was there. Everything else was real. Hallelujah. That's why the Bible said we do not die. Hallelujah. But these old bodies, these old these the the real you. The real you. When you die, you go into your theophony. But when the rapture takes place, it doesn't just involve your theophony, but it also involves your glorified body. Hallelujah. Let me ask you something. Here was Jesus risen from the dead. Hallelujah. And he walks through the door. Come on, somebody. Amen. That dimension is unlimited compared to this one. Y'all better hear me. Hallelujah. Amen. And Jesus proved it. He said, "Thomas, fill me. Rush your hand in my side. Thrush your hand." And he said flesh is blood. This is flesh and blood or flesh. This is flesh. Come on somebody. So that you'll understand your level of thinking has changed. If you think like a denomination, you will remain a denomination. Hallelujah. Amen. But the bride of Jesus Christ is to take on the whole word to take on the whole word. Hallelujah. And the word come to identify you to give you back your identity. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that right? Brother said Jesus came to know who he was by way of the scripture. Hallelujah. Can I say one more thing? This word Emmanuel, [Music] we look at the word Emmanuel God with us. When Jesus was born, the angel said, "You call his name Jesus." And that meant Jehovah Savior. Jehovah. So he was with them. Jehovah Savior. But understand Emmanuel had a different tone to it because we know that he's not just with us. He's in us. So you can understand. This is why Jesus was in Emmanuel was in Jesus. God was in Christ reconcile the world to himself. You say, "Well, I don't understand. Let me ask you a question. If the angel come to you, had come to you and say, "This child in you, his name shall be called Jesus." [Music] How would you have raised him? Oh Jesus, you're the word of God. Don't touch this. Don't touch that. You can't do this. how it was. He had to be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Jesus was free. And Mary couldn't bind him. Neither could Joseph bind him. Hallelujah. He had to be bullied. Bullied. Every little test that we go through in our flesh, he had to go through it. I'm telling you, he didn't even get the Holy Ghost till he was 30. Somebody help me. So, as a man, he was tempted. Come on, somebody. Amen. That's Emmanuel. God in flesh. Emmanuel in Jesus going through your trials from the time he was born to the day he got the Holy Ghost. Somebody help me here. Oh, it's the truth. Doesn't that make it different? Now, that's why the Bible said he was tested in every every way a man is tested. But he had to be tested as a man. is God in order to understand you. He needed to know what lust felt like. The Bible said he was he was tempted in every way but without sin. Y'all understand me? Why? Because he knew who he was. He wasn't a hybrid. He was all word. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Brother said he had headaches. God having headaches. No, that was a man Jesus who had headaches. God tried him in every way. Now that same Emmanuel is in you. He's already been tried. He's already been tested and he made a hund. Somebody help me here. And so the Emmanuel in you who is Jesus Christ. Is that right? He said, "I'll never forsake you, nor leave you." The Bible said we have not a high priest. We have not a high priest that cannot be touched by the feelings of our The Bible said he would comfort us. Somebody help. Amen. You hear what I'm saying? So, let me say it like this so you better understand. I'm sure you follow me. I'm trying to get it right. Brother Brandham says influence. I believe it is. He said it was there that the priest examined, you heard me say it before, the lamb. The lamb was tested. The lamb was examined, not the person who brought, the person who sinned. Even if it was he used to he used to he said the man who brought did the adultery brought the lamb. They would judge that man. He judged the lamb. In order to get higher in God, you must understand that God has already judged your sin. Jesus, he was the perfect lamb. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? He whom the Son is set free is free indeed. It's because of Calvary. It's because of Calvary we have been set free. Oh my god. Now you can be like Johnny Crow. You done been set free and you don't even know going around the same circle. God said I done made you free. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. I came here April 27th to let you know you're free. Hallelujah. Don't go around the same circle. Hallelujah. And listen, this is the part I love. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. Hallelujah. That's why brother Bram said that the blood of Jesus Christ cannot blasphe the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And your sins have already been forgiven. Amen. You say, "Well, brother Bruce, what are you talking about?" Hallelujah. The Bible said he died once and for Hallelujah. God ain't going back and forth applying the blood. The blood has already been applied. Hallelujah. Amen. But he cannot help you if you don't receive it. Hallelujah. Amen. Too many of us is looking at this mirror. the flesh. And I'm going to tell you another thing. If you don't drop your past, you don't drop your past. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why a baby is cut away from the mother. Hallelujah. And when that baby come forth, that baby has no sin. Hallelujah. Amen. And I don't care who where you were born in a trash can. God saves you. Y'all understand me? Amen. That past is gone. Stop allowing the devil. If you think about what you did, what happened? Oh, it was so bad. Glory to God. You got to get over that. And the only way you can get over that is to be an overcomer in Christ. Now, I'm talking to somebody I talking to. I'm trying to tell you, you can't have mixed thoughts about yourself. Am I a sinner or am I am I the foolish virgin or am I the bride? Make up your mind. God didn't already told you who you are, but you must accept it. Let me tell you one more thing. God, let me tell you about forgiveness. Everybody say, "Well, I forgive you." But but when you when you were friend, you were there. And when you when you made your mistake, they put you here. But when you forgive somebody and really forgive them, you restore them back to their original. Is that right? That's what Jesus did. We failed as a people. He has forgiven us and now we're kings in peace. Y'all understand me? You can't say, "Oh, well, I can't I can't trust." God didn't ask you to trust him, but he just told you to put them back where they fell. [Music] Y'all hear what I'm saying? That's real forgiveness. That's the way God did us. That's way we must do others. You can't come to that translation until you are clearly clean. And there is no oppositions in your spirit or your soul. You're being changed, people. It ain't time for no pride. We don't have space for pride. Hallelujah. Amen. We don't have time for that. And the only way you're going to make this is to kill that old devil that came with your natural birth. Hallelujah. You and I must be born again, a new mind, a new spirit, a new soul. I I don't know about you. I've got to make it. Whatever it takes to embarrass me. Whatever he Amen. This life is going to end. And all of us know that. But at the end of the day, I want him to say, "Well done, faithful servant." Hallelujah. Amen. Now, talking about being translated, the Bible said, "Eno walked with God." That was a process. Don't you know? Hallelujah. Whatever Enoch had to go through with God, he corrected it. Hallelujah. Amen. That was the only way he was able to be translated. That's right. Amen. That's why brother God sent a prophet to give us a word that we could change into that be translated. Hallelujah. Amen. And I tell you like this. It has been a journey. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. Amen. Give me a few more minutes, please. Coming from the message, paragraph 67. He said ministry. What does it the astronaut sees things? Planes and everything is date. Hallelujah. Amen. See, see that's why I've been trying to tell people to have a good time of time. But this message is to produce sons and daughters of God. their perfection. Hallelujah. Amen. So does the spirit. So so does the spiritual astronaut. He he goes beyond the clouds. He goes beyond the creeds and beyond the doubts out into outer space. Out of space, all unbelief. out of space. He don't hear the chattering sayings. Well, he can't do it. This is the way the devil, he talks. If you can't do that, you know what I mean? And that's what he does. If a person need to be raised from the dead, if a person needs to be raised from the dead, the devil say you can't do that. or he said you're not worthy. Tell me any any any man of God is worthy to do anything for God and I'll show you a scripture where the Bible said no man was worthy. None of us. We all fall. We all come But he's not looking at you. It's the sacrifice. Right. So you got to stop saying I can. Hallelujah. It should not even be in your vocabulary because you're now contradicting the scripture. said we can do all things which strengthens. You got to stay with the word. You must stay with the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Right. Let me move on in this in this. He says um out of space where he he don't hear the chattering saying well you can't do it. Nobody will cooperate. cooperate with you. You can't do this. You can't do that. He doesn't notice it. He is an astronaut. He goes on beyond those clouds. It's too stormy. We can't make it. It don't make any difference to an astronaut. He goes beyond the storm. That's the way it is to the real astronaut faith today. The real astronaut faith today, the Pentecostal faith, an astronaut faith that can believe possible is possible. They say, "Well, the doctor said so and so. That might be all right, but an astronaut don't believe that. Hallelujah. Amen. When it's wrote here, he's got it in his heart. Something tells him he's just propelled right on out. In other words, he flies right on out. Right on out into the space. because we're living in an astronaut age out in space. You hear what I'm saying? Hallelujah. There's so many things we need to discover. But we'll never see what we need to see. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, the devil knows what he's doing. You know what the devil did to America? When America used to be spiritual, he gave the people, the church people, things of the world. Now, I'm I'm I'm just saying be careful. But what I'm saying is this. I can remember the time in my life there may have been one black family on the block that had a car. Oh, a home only the doctors of the day of that day the fairer colored people Yeah, they they section us off, you know, and the the rich light-skinned people, they were on one side of the track, and the dark skin was on the other. Y'all looking at me like I'm crazy. I'm sure they did that there, too. That's what they do. That's the devil. He divide and come. Nevertheless, opportunity came. Y'all might not believe this, but black people in America used to be spiritual. I'm telling y'all the truth. We worship God. We reverence God. We didn't play with God. Most of us, I mean, even being a Baptist, but the more we prospered, the more we forgot about God. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And and what I'm trying to say is amazing when God says, "Give it all to me." And this is what I try to tell people. God asked you for something. Cuz he's got something greater. Hallelujah. Is that right? So what I'm trying to say, he blinded the people, don't blind. Like I said, if you keep God first, give whatever you want, not just what you need, what you want, because he knows you're going to make the right decisions. Hallelujah. I believe that. Oh Lord, let let me move on. So we're living in space where this is what he says where all things are possible. [Music] So if everything become possible, that mean the God in you is unlimited. Hallelujah. And because he's unlimited, you are unlimited. [Music] Come on, somebody. He says, "So the spiritual astronaut has a control power, a control tower down here like man is there." And the Holy Ghost in him. I'm going move on by the grace of God. So you'll know. I don't even know how long I'll go. Give me Okay, it's about 12 20. Give me 10 more minutes. You're a free person. Amen. So, you need to know that the kingdom, you know, I I for a long time, you know, all of us thought heaven is way up here and we thought God was so far away and the Bible said he's near thee. even in your mouth. We've been we've been we've been taught so many bad things. These things keep us from having that relationship and contact with God. But listen, he said in this in in the prayer, the our father's prayer, is the kingdom. Thine is the kingdom. Thine is the kingdom, the power and the glory. So that that that that uh kingdom is not far away. You understand? Matter of fact, is in you. How many of y'all remember when Jesus told Herod, "If my kingdom was of this world, I will fight for it. He had not yet died yet. His kingdom had not yet come yet. But his kingdom has come and it's in you. the beginning of a a whole new world but you kindness of power. Is that right? So to understand what I'm getting to, God will always fight for you. Always because he's in you. His kingdom is in you. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Listen. In the message paradox, paragraph 145, he said, "God, let me so be blended. Let me so be blended. Let me be so dead to myself anything around but be the conscious of the word of God living in us today. Be the conscious Lord of God. Not on the pages of a book consciousness of the word of God which is written and read of all men. because of that all day that I am you are a reflection of the word of God. One more quote coming from the position of a believer in Christ that's uh year 55 227. I'm closing. Think about it. When John the Baptist says, "Behold the lamb." I had an intention to go a different way, but God led me this way. Behold the lamb. So when you say behold, says take notice of this. You'll even hear brother Brandon sometimes on the table. Don't miss this. He puts a emphasis on what he's about to say. Now, I'm going I'm going to say something. I hope you get this and a lot of us just move right on on because we just see little words there and we don't catch the revelation of what he's saying. But, you need to stop. He says, "Listen, you need to listen cuz there's something there natural eye can't pick up." But let me go on. He said, "No, so if God was so pleased with Christ till he accepted him and said, "This is my beloved son, I'm well pleased." And through Christ being the perfect one, us dead to our own thoughts and ideas born of the spirit of God walking not after the theology. So let me I want y'all to hear how can I say this Lord but let me say it like this there's nobody can be as deep in this message as message preachers. But my my question is did the depth you heard did it change you? You understand me? With the many uh revelations we've heard for the rapture. Y'all understand what I'm saying? We need something that's going to change The revelations are great. Hallelujah. But if that revelation is not rel related to you, if you can't confess, what you just preached is where I am. You need to be you need to understand this is where you should be. No sinners will make a rapture. Y'all understand me? Only the image of Christ. Brother had to bring the whole word. We can't have a piece of hand missing or piece of a leg. That's not the full image. Jesus Christ was the full image of God. And in order to be accepted and we must be the fullness, we're not going to be raised Baptist and Methodist. We're going to be raised the word. Am I making sense? My point is, some of y'all done shut me off, but I'll say by the grace of God, not by power. is not by might but by my spirit. And the house of God is a correct a house of correction. That's what we're here for, to be corrected. And Lord, not my will, but thine be done. That's all I'm saying. You know, I'm I'm pressing too. Paul says, I have not apprehended He said, "I have not apprehended," Paul said, "but I'm pressing toward the mark of a high calling Christ." In this age, the bride supposed to hit the mark. All the could not hit the mark. The word of the word, they hit the mark. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. But we have the revelation of the word to hit the mark of perfection. Not ours, but him in us, God in us. Listen, this is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. through Christ. Us dead to our own thoughts and ideas of the spirit of God, walking not after the theology, after the spirit inside of us. And let the dead in Christ walk not of the world. Let not let the dead in Christ not walk after the things of the world, but after the things of the spirit. Romans 8:1 says there is therefore now no condemnation that them that are in Christ, that walk not after the flesh fightings strife, envying, selfish things. But after the spirit, if you're inside of Christ walking, all of the things of the world passes away. All the great creeds that you had of this thing, all the things is all vanish away. your heart and mind become a singular of Christ Jesus that shows you have died to yourself born again. Hallelujah. Amen. Then just as sure as the church times. Here you go. Because I didn't know whether some of y'all came late because you had to or you need to or because you wanted to. then just as sure when church times come you just can't keep from coming to church you're just going to go if you have to hobble that's all you're going to church because the spirit itself bear record gathering together in Christ Hallelujah. Amen. In closing, the word ultimate means something that is the final means the highest, nothing above it or the most extreme in a series of progressions. In other words, I have reached the top of the pyramid. Absolute means total. Nothing else. This is it. Y'all understand me? Unlimited. Not limited or restricted in any terms of number, quantity or extent. Hallelujah. And don't tell me God don't look for the unlimited. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. He rebuked those disciples because they failed to calm the sea. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that all right? Amen. He even rebuked Mary Martha. You didn't pick it up. He says, "Did not I say if you believe, you shall see." God intend for us to go beyond. Stand in this earthly environment, this third dimension is just going to make you miserable. You're going to be just a fleshly. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. Amen. The Lord told me, "I'm preaching to the bride." That's all. The bride of Jesus Christ understands. That's what's happening. I'm preaching to the bride. And and I I even told the church in deaching to the bride. We're going to We're going to make it like this. We've already made it. But we still need to hear things [Music] because by hearing it produces and give you more faith. Hallelujah. You got to recognize I cannot be lost. Didn't get too many of those. But you can't be You can't be lost. If you truly the bride of Jesus Christ, you can't be lost. And I'm say it like this. Why believe anything else? Did Jesus go to the the the Pharisees? He never did. They came to him. Nicodemus. He went to the prostitutes. He went to the tax collectors. thieves and all. Why didn't God on the cross? Why didn't he he save a rich man? A man of prestige. Ain't nothing wrong with being rich and all. That ain't what I'm talking about. But I'm trying to show you the class of people that God comes after. You know, God will take those whom the devil has rejected. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. And I don't know about you, I I I am I am so free. And that's where God wants you to be free. So free. Yeah. I know some and I I gotta say what God want me to say. I can't. My point is somebody need to be free. You can't you can't let the devil keep beating you. I don't know how to forgive. Teach me, Lord. When you don't know how, ask him. You're ashamed of that. Hallelujah. Amen. Forgiveness is unlimit un unlimited. Seven times 70 in a day. You got to keep and God put you to the test. [Music] Love one another. know that this message came to pro perfection and this little suffering that we're going through people and y'all know it's true. Some of y'all may even have loved ones there in in in in the Congo in the east and how so many things are happening. Look at you. Do you think God got you here just to be enjoying life? intercessors. You should be you should be praying for those people that was you. Y'all understand me? Amen. What about Ukraine? How many of y'all had a a Ukraine? They might be white, but they still bride in there. I'm saying you're still you know how many brother said it like this so many times. Use Ezekiel. Heal those that sigh and cry. This ain't about caring just for you. Jesus so loved the world stand his whole life was father what would you have me do and we must be the same amen let's pray our heavenly father we come before you as humbly as we There are so many needs. Even in this little fellowship, anxieties, frustrations, anger, Lord, bitterness, [Music] but I know you're able to clean us all up. I truly believe that we are your seed. But we all need quickening or or rebaptism. Lord, help us now that we would deny ourselves and focus on the work that you're doing within us, humbling ourselves to the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Help us now because your word says we're more than conquerors through Christ Jesus and that's the only way we can conquer is through you Lord Jesus. Help us now Lord God. Keep us and guide us. forgive us of our not understanding time at times. But I know Lord if you can keep us focused to know that wherever we go whatever we do, you are the one that's leading us. You're the one that's guiding us because the footstep of the righteous is ordered by the Lord. Give us praise. Give us sacrifices and praise that we will always honor you so we come to that place of perfection. Bless this little group tonight or this morning. Help them now in Jesus Christ's name. Help them in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] I'll praise all Upward way new head on every day. Stay [Music] pre my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven. Oh, table. Hey, high pl. Oh, I have found Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart is known desire to stay where are and fear is made. Though some may dwell where abound my pray my aim is higher ground. Falling man must stand. Oh by faith on heaven and stable a higher plan than I have found. Lord plan my feet on higher ground. I want to escape the atmosph save and go shame. All glory I still pray, still have not found. Lord, lead me onto high ground. So lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven stable. A higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on high ground. Amen. We got one announcement for the majority of those who comes on Friday. uh we were just uh talking about the hour that we studying the meeting. So we wanted to change it from 8 to 7 so that we can have time to go back home because when we're studying at 8 kids are sleeping and time is really gone. So we wanted to start on Friday to start at at seven. So we couldn't do it. We have to wait until today so that we can vote. If you really want that change, we can just vote for seven. Start at seven. So that we can have that meeting for 1 hour, 1 hour daily. So do we agree to study seven? If you agree, just raise your hand then. For those who agree with the time start at 7 on Friday. No, it's still even if you're not coming on Friday, but you're still going to vote. It's the church. This is the church vote. Even if you're not able to come on Friday, you still have a choice to go. Come again. So, who are not who don't agree to start on Friday. Those who don't want to start on at 7. Okay. But we've seen that the majority agreed to come at seven. The vote is not going to be 100%. So it's always maybe 70 80. So you got to join those who agree to come at seven. It's only you. So that's how the vote happened in the church. Was it only brother Gon? Who else? Who else doesn't want to come at seven? Okay. All right. So, brother come at seven. May God bless you. We're going to uh to sing one song then dismiss. Rock [Music] of Jesus is mine. Oh war. [Music] Angel descending. Oh no. Lord of everything is blood. My voice is not going up. I don't see the song that I'm looking for. It's the wrong number. Okay. They come from east and west then we leave. They come from the land of all to face with the king. Through that is his case. How blessed his pilgrims are. Oh behold is high. Lord f a glory. Oh [Music] bless go [Music] gra to shine. Say Jesus said Jesus said set me free. Oh, I'm happy. I'm happy and I can be. Oh, no longer. No longer I bear the burden of care is your kiss so sweet to me to me my soul was as darkness. Oh hallelujah. Now shout a victory for Jesus has set me free. Oh Saint Jesus Jesus said set me free. Yes I'm happy. I'm happy as I can be. Oh, no longer all longer I bear the ben of ging so sweet to me. to me. My soul was is blind. It's not is not but darkness take. [Applause] Oh [Music] hallelu vtory for Jesus said,
