################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-05 - Abiding in Christ - Bro. Jason Watkins - 33rd Anniversary Meetings - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-05
Title:   Abiding in Christ - Bro. Jason Watkins - 33rd Anniversary Meetings
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_6-UEXM2s0
========================================

[Music] Get on the video. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover me. Cover. Sing the first verse. Peace of God [Music] [Applause] [Music] me. Oh peace of God, cover me through the storm. [Music] Only in you I am safe. It's only in you I secure. It's only in you I find peace. Oh cover me. Oh cover [Music] me cover me when I am. Cover me when I strong. Cover me when I am going through the cover me when all seems hopeless. When my faith is gone, then the peace that passes all I [Music] understand me when [Music] I cover me when I'm not strong. Comfort me when I am going through a storm. Comfort me when all seems hopeless. Her me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover me. Oh cover me. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're so glad that we can find cover under your wings tonight, Lord. Father, as we gathered in your house, Lord, we pray that you would just come and overshadow us, Lord. Come on in the scene tonight, meet each and every need, Lord, from the youngest to the oldest, Lord, we know that nothing is too hard for our God, Lord. And we just lay ourselves at your feet tonight, Lord, and ask you to have your way. Use our brother Jason as he would minister, Lord. We pray that the word of God would just come forth in strength and empower and would just meet each and every need. Lord, we love you. We've come to worship you tonight, Lord, and ask that you would forgive us of those things that might not be pleasing to you, Lord. But Lord, we ask, Lord, for you to have your perfect way tonight. And we ask this now in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in his presence tonight. want to welcome each one to our anniversary meetings and trust that you've come expecting tonight. Amen. Want to go to the Lord in prayer, but just before we do, let's sing. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Amen. If you're in a time of trouble tonight, you have a place of refuge to run to. Amen. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower [Music] running. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of the Lord is a strong [Music] power and they are saved. The name of the Lord is my strong tower. The righteous runless. [Music] Oh, is the name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is the name of the Lord. Sing Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh, Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. [Music] [Music] Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. [Music] Blessed be his name tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. Understand brother Steve Clar is with us tonight. I'd like to ask brother Steve if he would come take us before the Lord in prayer. We have several prayer requests have been turned in tonight. Sister Suzanne has turned in a request for a young man back home in the church of this put back. He's in the ICU with very high blood white blood count. It's so high he needs to be monitored almost every day, every hour. He will have to be at the hospital for about a month. Amen. His name is Michael. So they're asking prayer for Michael. Pray the Lord would come on the scene and meet his need. Sister Deville is asking, we remember her daughter Naomi and her grandkids. They had a tornado went through their area, through their property. Her the kids are at a neighbor's house, but her daughter is unable to get back to the house because the roads are out. So, let's pray for Sister Deville's daughter and grandchildren. Sister Linda Green is asking prayer for her nephew, Jean Sha. He has cancer behind his eye. So, we know a God that can come on the scene and touch this this cancer. Praise the Lord. Sister Anne Love all says, "Please pray for my cousin's son, Michelle. He's a young believer, 18 years old. Yesterday, he was diagnosed with leukemia." Same prayer request. Okay. He was admitted to intensive care, already had first chemotherapy, and he's under dialysis. Amen. And so let's pray for this young man. Pray the Lord would just come and give him a mighty touch. And brother Mario is asking prayer for his sister. I believe her name is Maritus. She's suffering from cervical myopathy. The doctor said she may need to have surgery on her spine. May God intervene and come on the scene, touch her body with a complete healing. So I believe the Lord can do that. Nothing is too hard. Amen. How many would have a need tonight? Just want to lift that before the Lord. Brother Steve, if you would come and take us to the Lord in prayer [Music] tonight. Amen. Let's go to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father, we are so thankful. Yes, God that you have provided a place for us to come and to worship you, Lord. in spirit and in truth. And Father, we're asking that you would come in this meeting to take the first place. There has been many preparations been made and much energy put into meetings just like this. And Father, brothers have come and they've studied the word and they've come with a burden on their hearts to speak to your people this weekend. And Father, we open up our hearts wide, oh God, that you might come and anoint the brothers that they might speak words of life into our very beings, Lord. Father, we don't want this to be just an ordinary service, but Father, we want you to come and move upon your our hearts by your word. Heavens and earth will pass away, but you said your word should never pass away. Would you come in the beginning of this meeting as your minister would come and speak your word? We receive it already Lord. We receive it and we ask oh God even by the songs that would be sung that our hearts would become tender and soft before we pray. And Father before me are all these prayer requests and Lord I place my hands upon them and the church stands before you oh God. uh uniting their hearts for every single one of these needs. None of these needs are of a lesser, Lord. Each one are very serious and each one is on the heart of those that have written them in. So I pray, Father, that ones that need healing, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that they would receive the healing, Lord. Father, you said you were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities. And by the stripes that were upon your back, Lord, we can receive our healing. So, we take it by faith, Lord. That six sense that's in our life, we take it, Lord, and we hold fast, oh God, and those needs for our bodies, Lord, but there's those that need deliverance tonight and their spirit is in torment. I pray, God, that you come their way. Maybe there's somebody today, oh God, that needs, Father, healing, a deliverance of soul that you might fill them, Lord. I pray, God, that you would come on the scene. And so, Father, we give ourselves to you today, Lord, this weekend coming up, Lord, we give ourselves to you. And we ask, oh Lord, that you do the min ministering and the healing and the helping. Lord, we pray. We give you thanks now in Jesus name in this opening of this meeting. We glorify your name. Yes. And the church said, "Amen." Amen. Thank you, brother Steve. You may be seated tonight. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Want to welcome each one here tonight. And we have a lot of visitors and we have a number of number of ministers here with us tonight. Brother Ron want me to sure be sure to welcome them. Of course, brother Steve just prayed and brother David Deanhard is here with us. Brother Dale Smith, of course, brother Chad and brother Jason. And if you're here and we don't have your name, welcome you as well. Want to welcome all our visitors. Got a list. Okay. Brother Freddy Hatfield is here. Brother Brian Duffik and Brother Israel Poe with a question mark. So, Brother Israel may or may not be here, but we welcome each one. And if you're here visiting as well tonight, we we welcome you. They come from the east and west, the north and south. Amen. service tomorrow morning. We'll be here in the church 10:00 and then we will be serving a meal tomorrow after the service. Some people thought it was Sunday, but the meal is tomorrow. So, everybody is welcome. Come for lunch tomorrow. So, service will be at 10:00. Then our evening service tomorrow will be at 6 and then our regular Sunday morning service again at 10:00. So, just looking forward to what the Lord has in store for us. Amen. How many are on the firing line tonight? Ready to do battle. Amen. I was thinking of that song today. If you're in the battle for the Lord and right, got to keep on the firing line. Amen. If you're in the battle for the Lord and right, keep on the firing line. If you win, my brother, surely you must fight. on the [Music] firing. There are many dangers that we all face is no disgrace. Powered in the service will find a place. So keep on the firing line. Oh, you must fight be glory never in front nor even behind if you win for God and the [Music] right and God will only use the soldier You can't keep on you must keep on and life is what for the master [Music] devil and is good cheer will be rewarded for your service on the fire line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never ride or even be if you wish for God in the right. Keep on the [Music] firing. And when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Keep on fire. [Music] [Music] We have to win. We [Music] Jesus will all be the fiery. Oh, you must fight against all right behind you. God is the right you must fight against all evil. Once like a bird in prison I dwelt. No freedom from my sorrow I felt. But then Jesus came. He listened to me. Glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. And he broke the bond of prison for me. I'm glory my Jesus to save and glory to God. He set me free. Now I am flying higher each day and darkness of night has drifted away and my feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I wondered by you. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. And he broke the bone of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Now goodbye to sin and things that we found. God of this world will turn me [Music] around. Oh, I'm praying to glory to [Music] God. He set me free. Yes, he set me free and he broke the ris for me. I'm glory down my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. It's all over me. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Oh, it's all over me. It's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me. Sing it again. It's all over me. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's all over me. It's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me. It's down in my soul. It's down in my soul. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's down in my soul. It's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. It's down in my soul. It's keeping me alive. Amen. If you don't know what we're singing about tonight, make sure you don't leave tonight before you find out. Amen. Brother S, you have a song for us tonight if you want to come and get ready. Praise the Lord. God is so good. Amen. Just looking forward to what the Lord has in store for us this weekend. Lord, Amen. I feel free tonight. I feel free. Hallelujah. I feel good. And I'll tell you, this church is full of love. You're going to feel good this weekend. Whoever's visiting, we appreciate every each and every one. I'm going to try to sing this song here and I trusting it'll be a blessing to each and everyone. And and again, greetings from uh got to make sure where I'm at now. It's over in uh Bluffton, Ohio. and our pastor, brother Dwayne Wayne Lawson sends his love and says, "Greet the people for him." So here we are in the name of Jesus. We come and worship. [Music] Oh yeah. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. In a time when it was dry, not a cloud up in the sky, the children of God began to reason why. So they went to God's man cuz they did not understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Now they opened up the door. The second time they looked once more. A tiny cloud was rising from the sea. And they began to understand the time for rain was at hand. Just like God said it would be. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's [Music] hand. And I know it's going to rain. So today we have no fear. We have a cloud appear. The prophet scream, "My bride, go through that door. Have faith and just believe. A new spirit you'll receive. The rain is truly going to pour. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. Now the bride is looking above for a charity rain of love to fill their hearts with peace they never known. And soon this bride shall be God's unfolded mystery. The promised word has been revealed. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. I see a cloud like a man's head. And I know it's going to rain. Oh yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's hand. Yes, I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain. [Music] Yes, I know it's cold to rain. [Applause] [Music] Absolutely. Yeah. Can you say amen to that? Praise the Lord. Prophesy. Hallelujah. I greet you all tonight in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Good to have all of you out here. There's so many visitors in different ones. I I'm afraid to try to to uh greet them all. So, I just give everyone our greetings and say we're so blessed to have you here with us. Each and everyone. I'm under great expectation of what God's going to do. Amen. Because when you start pulling on the word, when you pull on these men's gifts, if you've been praying, you're going to get you're going to receive. How many is under expectation? Amen. We are certainly so blessed to be able to be here. This is our 33rd anniversary together and u so we're just praise the Lord. God starts in special ways and in small ways. And I remember 1987 over in the Black Forest of Germany there. And we went down to visit brother Lonnie Jenkins speaking at brother Garrett Rodalds. And of course we were over in Europe from ' 84 to '89. Started with Spoken Word and then went to Voice of God Recordings. But uh I knew I wasn't going to be staying there. And I went and and I asked Brother Lonnie, I said, "Brother Lonnie, I feel like I'm going to go back to America and everything." And I said, "How do you know God's will?" And you know, I just counseledled with him. And brother Lonnie was so wise and we just took a walk through the forest and everything. And I've been fasting and praying and asking God for guidance. And God spoke to my heart there in southern Germany. in an audible voice, he told me to go to Phoenix and start a church. That was in 1987. And so, it took several years for us to finally get here and everything, but we've been here. We started with just a handful of of people and uh but God has blessed us. Amen. And look what he's done. So, we thank God. Amen. And I'm so very pleased to have uh brother Jason and brother Chad here with us to minister for us. I believe we're in for a great treat. Brother David Dean Hart's good to see you. Incognito there with a little beard. Hey there. God bless you. Yeah. Just each and everyone. I'm glad I'm a Christian. Aren't you? Huh? Yeah. Listen, you was predestinated to hear this message. Yeah. Brother Bram said that seed gene of God, he said God placed it in there and he said you might not have known who you were, but when that light struck the seed, it took life. Hallelujah. That's what that's what there is a uh there's a strain that goes between each and every one of us. And what is that strain? It is the voice of God in this hour that God has sent. And he had sent a messenger and that messenger speaking. And when he spoke and you heard it, that's right. My sheep, that's right. Hear my voice and a stranger they will not follow. Hallelujah. You were ordained to catch this message. You can try to run from it. You can try to hide from it. But let me tell you, if you're Lex seed, you're going to God's going to get his man. Amen. Amen. All right. Praise the Lord. Listen, I'm just going to get out of the way, give it back to brother Mark and uh have another song special. Amen. I'm going to hear happy tonight. Sing talk about happy. I'm so happy. And our sister Perfect has a song. So if she wants to come and get ready while we're singing this. Talk about happy. I'm so happy. Praise the Lord. Talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy since I laid my burden down. Oh, talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Since I laid my burden down, I feel like shouting, "Oh, hallelujah." Since I play my burden down, I feel like shouting. Oh, hallelujah. Since I burden down, I'm going to walk on those streets of glory. Since I made my burden down, I'm going to walk on the streets of glory. Since I laid my burden down, oh glory, glory. Oh halleluah. Oh, since I laid my burden down. Glory, glory. Oh hallelujah. Since I play my burden, talk about happy. Oh, talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy since I laid my burden down. Talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy since I laid my burden down. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless Sister Perfect. Thank you for singing for us tonight. Um, God bless you saints. Um, we'd like to say share something quickly. Um uh a few years back um sorry a few years back I was praying and after the moment of prayer God inspired me with these words you're about to hear. I managed to write 80% then closed the book and life moved on. A couple of weeks back, I was planning to sing a song cuz I was like, I haven't sang in a while and I was looking for different songs to to sing. And somehow I stumbled on these unfinished words. I then decided, let's finish the song. Don't ask me how, but it was like the floodgates of words just opened up and I just started writing. Yes. The day I planned to sing the song, unfortunately I was unable to. However, the Ron sermon of that day was the entire song. I pray the song version of this of brother brother Ron's sermon is a blessing to you. [Music] I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ, my king. I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing, believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. We have the power to create. Speak the word today. Just like Brandon to call into existence the authority he gave to move into action. The third pool today is in our hands. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ, my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing, believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. The last trump has sounded the finish line before us. And by faith, I'll keep pressing on to persevere in his word, to walk in his footsteps. I'm reflected in his image. I won't fail. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ, my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing, believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. The word speaks to me. I see myself in need. Transformation just like Sarah. Abraham is on me. A name and body change. The promise I've received. Oh, the choice he made on Calvary just for me. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ, my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing, believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. Oh, I'm a creation, that perfect reflection of Christ, my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing. I'm believing Christ in me. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ. Here I am standing, believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of [Music] Christ. Praise the Lord. Amen. I've got a little little message flashing at me here on the screen. It says there is a choir practice tomorrow night at tomorrow right after the morning service. So, it's first time I've seen one of those messages there. So, choir practice, if you're in the choir, there's a practice tomorrow right after the morning service. But, as we prepare to change the order of the service, let's all stand. Casting all my cares upon him. Amen. It's the greatest love story of them all. Praise the Lord. I was blessed by that song, Sister Perfect. Amen. So, I'm so I'm casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. Redemption by love. Oh, that's the greatest of story. [Music] I my redeemer no longer in his ris coming back for you and me once again. And so I casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. Redemption by Oh, that's the greatest [Music] story. For restoration, for redemption. That's what seven angels in a cry. Testify my redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen. Oh, he's coming back. Let's sing it one more time. And so I'm casting all my cares on [Music] you. You love [Music] me. Redemption. Oh, that's the greatest [Music] story for restoration. for redemption. That's what seven angels can find. Tested by my glor. Hallelujah. He's coming back. One more time. Oh, you're singing good. So I'm casting So I'm casting all my cares on you. Come on, lift it up. Oh, I know you love me. Hallelujah, Lord. Redemption by blood. Thank God. Oh, that's the greatest love story for restoration, for redemption. That's when seven angels testify. My redeemer's no longer there. He's risen. Oh, he's coming back for you and me. Hallelujah. Coming back for you and me. Praise the name of the Lord. Hello all you beautiful people. My turn around, shake hands with somebody. Say, "God bless you." It's my favorite thing to make audiences do. Turn around, shake hands, say, "God bless you." Brother Brandham said that is the nicest thing you can say to someone is God bless you. Hallelujah. Think about what it means if the creator of all things blesses you. Amen. It's what being on the winning team does for you. Hallelujah. Amen. Opens you up to all kinds of wonderful things. Oh yes, sir. Now you have to take advantage of it. I'm going to preach along those lines tonight. You're going to find out here in a little bit. And um you know, if you get a an an announcement that you had a rich uncle you never even knew and he left you a fortune, you got to go get it. You can't just go tell all your friends, I'm rich. And you never go to the lawyers meeting. You never sign anything. You never uh they even put in your bank and you don't even know. You don't even do you you just forget about it. Well, you're crazy. I don't I don't want to be that guy. I don't plan to do that. I want everything. Calvary provision. Hallelujah. Jesus paid a tremendous price. I just say we ought to avail ourselves of every bit of it. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Steve. So good to see you standing there. Amen. Happy to be here tonight. Happy to have my my running buddy over there, Brother Dale. I I think I came out the wrong door, but I was glad I did because I got to walk right out and shake his hand. Amen. Praise God. So, um been uh been a minute since we were here. I think back back in last October, maybe. But we want to look into the word of God tonight. Now, I'm I'm already going to get in trouble with the sound guys, but and they can hurt you. You don't want to upset them, but I I told them John and then Matthew 11, but we're going to go to Matthew 11 first if that's okay. We're going to go to Matthew 11. Amen. And catch a few verses there. Matthew 11 27-30. Amen. I want to speak to you tonight on a a uh just some as the Lord leads me. It's impossible. It took me 10 10 sessions, 10 services at home to cover this topic. And uh we're only and I'm not a long preacher. So everybody calm down. Just I'm not I've got two services to um to unbburden myself. And uh so we're going to just go through as the Lord leads. And uh I don't even yet know what all I'll say tonight to say nothing of tomorrow if there's a tomorrow. If the rapture comes in the morning, I won't be here tomorrow night. Amen. And I hope you won't be either. That's right. Hallelujah. But we're going to find out tonight that, you know, the Lord has left us a great treasure. And as I've said, you know, a a tremendous price was paid, but you have to avail yourself of it. And uh, Brother Brandham, you know, talks about that all the uh, in many where he said, you know, concerning an overcomer that God's not just going to push you through a pipe. meaning like you know like you'd have a mold and pour something and close the mold and open up taking it take it out in the shape of your mold. So he's not going to use a pipe to shape you. You're going to have to overcome some things. And uh hey did so you know it's my turn. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. that this is exactly why you know when you and I've I've you know when when we teach on things around the world and and I've you know established my church to understand that you know when you read in the Bible and you read about the humanity of the Lord Jesus and the Bible says a lot about his humanity and brother Brandham is really the only one who could really clear it all all the smoke and debris and take all of the ad mixture that man had smeared over the the understanding of the Godhead and took a prophet to really straighten all that out. And um and I'm glad for that. But and that's what gives us the ability to see that, you know, he was a God man. Brother Brandham said, you know, he's not like exactly like Solomon. Solomon was a type. He said, but he's not exactly like Solomon because he said Solomon was just a man. But Jesus was more than a man. He was a man, but he was more than a man. He was a prototype of a brand new kind of human that God was going to build a whole kingdom from. And so he was a man, but he was more than a man. And brother Brandham, to use brother Brandham's exact words, he was man plus. He said Solom, he said Solomon, he was just a man. Amen. So I I I love that. And and when you read about his humanity side, I want you just to remember, just make a mental note that there's nothing when you read about his humanity, God doesn't do that to confuse his bride. Now, that confuses the world. Theology sees three people, Jesus only, two, four, nine, whatever. And uh but and and they're just in blind confusion. And and there are things where you can read about his humanity. And if you use your peanut between your ears and apply human logic, sometimes you're say, "Well, that trinitarian argument uh you know, you'd have to be sympathetic to it if you look at it from logic." Although there's many more that completely and you're just constantly fighting back and forth in front of your mind. And brother Brandon would just say it's the simplest thing in the world. God be lived in a man called Jesus. He created a body, created a blood cell, created an egg and and put and got in that and pushed out arms and legs and came out the God man. So, so you just remember friends when you're looking at his humanity. He doesn't do that to confuse you that that's in the Bible as a road map, as a blueprint for when it would be your turn to be the word made flesh. Amen. That make sense? Yes, sir. So, it's a blueprint. It's a road map. So, you'll know how cuz it's your turn to be the word made flesh. That's what the early church was. Brother Brandon makes that clear. That was the word made flesh in the earth and a many membered bride. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Not preaching on that tonight. That one was free. Amen. But we realize that I said all that to say this that as a man, Jesus, he had to press the battle. That's right. He had to pray constantly. He was tempted in all ways. And you know, he he was he was built out of I mean, he could age. He was built in a body built out of the cursed earth. He could age. He could he could get sick. Physician heal thyself. Brother Brandham uh quotes there I think out of the uh I think um Prince in the House of David I believe that might stand correction where you know Jesus after a big meeting sat on a rock with a pounding headache and and brother Brandham gave credence to to much of that. So hey can I just say this to you tonight and and I want to say this as I lead into my thought. We're all in this thing together. Exactly. We're all in this thing together. That's right. I'm so glad it's that way. Amen. And we're all just going to be honest with each other and with the Lord tonight. And uh the Lord's not going to let you hide. And he didn't let me hide. And uh and so we're just going to we're just going to look at it. And then tonight I'm going to, you know, try to lay some foundation and hit some main points. And then maybe tomorrow uh we'll get preaching. Tonight I'm going to try to stay studious. Now I'm not good at that. I get excited. But so anyway, if I do, I'll get back to I'll get back to to to slow down. Amen. Just just be patient with me. He um Matthew 11, I think I got you that far, right? Amen. Verses 27 to30. All things, Jesus speaking, all things are delivered unto me of my father. Now watch this. And no man knoweth the Son, but the Father, neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him. So, you know, Brother Chad and I were fellowshipping around this today. Redemption is locked under a mystery. Paul called it that, the mystery of redemption. There's things in the Bible you can read about how husbands treat wives and wives and children raising families. There's financial advice. There's there's ways to, you know, treat your neighbor. There's there there's you don't even need a revelation for baptism. You can just read. Brother Brandham said concerning the serpent seed, the Bible makes it so plain a 12-year-old child could understand it. So there there's the Bible's filled with stuff like that that just a student comparing verse with verse can decipher and figure out. But when it comes to that book of redemption, that seven sealed book of redemption, that was locked under a mystery of seals. And brother Brandham said it it would take more than a student comparing verse with verse. It's going to take a a prophetic insight, something that the Holy Spirit can speak to through and come out to you because because nobody can understand the mystery of redemption. only he to whom the son will reveal it. And the revelation of it when when it's really a revelation, you're it. You are it. Amen. That that's your revelation. My I I'm not I wasn't uh you know, brother A said, "I found out I'm I wasn't the son of Charles and Ela Brandon." Thank you, Lord. Amen. See, but he had another representation. All right. So, there I go already preaching. All right, let me let me Did we finish? Let me see here. All right, we I want to carry on. Let me read 27 again. All things are delivered unto me of my father. And no man knoweth the Son, but the Father, neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him. Now watch here. Here we're going to turn a corner. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. You wouldn't imagine that when the Lord revealed himself to you, you'd have any labors. That you'd ever get weary, but we do. That's right. Yes, sir. There's a remedy. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Now watch. That's the first time. I'll give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me for I am meek and lowly in heart. Now here it is. He's repeating himself and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. Amen. Amen. John 15. Amen. And we'll let you be seated. In fact, as I'll just uh read a couple verses, we'll let you be seated. We'll finish up because we're going to read uh John 15 1-1. John 15:1. I am the true vine and my father is the husbandman. He's the gardener. He's the farmer. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it that it may bring forth more fruit. Father, we ask for your blessing on your word. We know there's a blessing in reading it. We know there's a blessing in hearing it read. So now, may you bless us one and all, both speaker and hearer. We need to see you, Jesus. These are perilous, treacherous times. Darkness is covering the world. Gross darkness upon the minds of man. It's a neurotic age, Lord. It's unprecedented, unparalleled. We must see your movements. We must see you, Lord. As you opened every seal, the living creature said, "Come and see." How can we know you if we don't see you, Lord? Reveal yourself to us tonight. I pray that you will have mercy upon us. So, we humble ourselves and as a prophet said, "Humbled myself." Then I humbled myself again. Now, Lord, come, won't you? I'm sure you will in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. Amen. Now, just give me your undivided attention for 55 or 60 minutes and uh we'll uh we'll we'll stand on the brakes, pull the chute, and we'll get it stopped. um because I'm not going to I already know I can't get to all of it tonight. So and and uh and we started a little you know later than normal perhaps and uh so we want to just go right into it. So now let me finish reading in John 15 verse three. Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. Abide in me and I in you. I'm speaking tonight on abiding in Christ. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him. The same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me ye can do nothing. If a man abide not in me is cast forth as a branch, and is withered in men, gather them and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. Herein is my father glorified that you bear much fruit. So shall you be my disciples. So he's given the the true identity of a true disciple who's hitting on all cylinders. It's who abides in him and he abides in that disciple. Then you can ask what you will because then it's not you asking it. It's the father asking through you. See, that's what brother Brandham found out in the in the woods there creating those squirrels cuz he never could figure that out. How could how could I say to this mountain be moved and he and he just he was log jammed completely. And the Lord was never going to let him, you know, just rest in his Baptist theory. He thought, well, I'll just tell people, you know, if somebody asked me, you know, what about what about this? And he said, I'll just say, well, that was before the atonement. Because brother Brandham said everything's got to be in the atonement. How how could it be that I would say to a mountain be moved? But but uh and but brother Brandham said so I'll just say I'll just say uh that was before the atonement. Which is a pretty good Baptist answer, but not one the Lord was going to let him get by with. And so he takes him in the woods and nearly drives him to insanity. And brother Brandham is screaming in the woods running around like a crazy man. He says that and tells it on tape. He says, "I I I started yelling out, "Who are you? Well, I I don't usually see that light. Well, I don't see it. What do you want?" Yeah. And and and uh dramatic. And he's about to have a nervous breakdown. My goodness. He's told him, "I'm going to find the squirrel. You're going to find it and then it's not there." And then, "Oh, it must be here. Then it's not there." And and uh you know, and he finally has to come to terms with the fact. And finally, he just comes down and when he gets himself quiet enough and he's still grappling, but Lord, that's everything's got to be in the atonement. How do you say I'm going to say to this mountain? And the Lord just started talking to him and said, "Hey, when you know the secrets of people's heart, you think that's you doing that? All right. All right. When when diseases are cured and the and the the blind see and the deaf walk and the lame leap uh the the deaf have their hearing and the lame walk, the dead are raised and you're able to tell the future with and go into a person's past. You really think that's you doing that? And brother Brandham said he caught it. He said, "I thought no Lord that's not that's you doing that." And he said, "I realize that any anybody, any believer, any man, any woman who's willing, Yes, sir. All right. Who would who will live up in those atmospheres, those high spheres with God, then it wouldn't be you thinking it or doing it, it would be the mind of Christ flowing through you." So, there's a lot to be said about abiding in Christ. If ye abide in me and my word abide in you, then ask what you will. Amen. Hallelujah. So, so now we're going next level here. Amen. Herein is my father glorified. Amen. That you bear much fruit. The whole thing bear much fruit. See, so even David said, "Lord, if I if if you let me die, can I praise you from the grave? What good is that? Restore me. Help me. Heal me." And the Lord did. So God designed you to bring forth much. As the father hath loved me, so have I loved you. Continue ye in my love. So this is all about abiding. Amen. See, this is this is beyond the new birth. This is about abiding. Jesus doesn't abide in someone. That's I mean that's the very definition of the new birth is that the Holy Spirit is abiding in you. Exactly. See, if you keep my commandment, you shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my father's commandment and abide in his love. These things I have spoken unto you that my joy might remain in you and that your joy might be full. Amen. Praise the Lord. So this concept of abiding in Christ, you know, it it represents one of the what I would say is the most profound and transformative teachings that we have in in all of Christian spirituality because it's not merely a theological concept as it were, but it's actually an essential element that you abide in Christ. It is an essential element. It is it is that lifegiving relationship between Christ and believers. And as I've said already, it's made possible only by an experience of the new birth. Abiding in Christ is an active faith. And that's what faith is supposed to be. It's not supposed to be passive. It's not, okay, you come to an altar and the Lord says, "Okay, you're saved. See you in the rapture." And I and I I I've said to my church over the years, it is true we are going home on the old ship of Zion, but God didn't tell you to go down at the docks and sit on your luggage. That's right. Your faith is supposed to be active. It's supposed to move out. I've sent you out as sheep among wolves. See, so it's an active relationship abiding in him daily. It's what it literally produces. It It literally manufactures spiritual vitality. Uh it builds a spiritual shield of protection over your mind. It guards your heart. We need that. Oh my. We need that. It it manufactures and I use that word on purpose. It literally because brother Brandham talks about things that manufacture faith. And one of the things that that will manufacture faith is desperation. And brother Brennham just says it like this just to use his words. He says a lot of times, you know, we just can't we can't get uh the we're not as as desperate as we need to be and we can't get the faith that we need to have. And so God has to put us in a situation and make us desperate, then the the faith factory turns on. You have faith you didn't even know you had. And desperation because it's do or die. You got to do it. You got to make it. Lord, I got to have it. And then suddenly, uh, something happens and a prophet many times will look out and say, "Sir, you didn't know you had that kind of faith, did you?" Oh, you got more faith than you think you got. You certainly got more than the devil wants you to believe. And you can access it. It's all about abiding in Christ and him abiding in you. Hallelujah. See, Brother Ram says it's too bad. It has to be but sometimes it takes desperation. So as as desperation manufactures faith uh abiding in Christ manufactures fruitfulness and it manu it'll actually produce and reproduce at scale and massroduce uh the joys of the Lord that Calvary purchased for you as we keep repeating at a tremendous price. So I just I just say we ought not let it sit on the shelf. Amen. That's good. Many have taken that brave step to accept Christ into their lives. And as a pastor, and I know ministers and pastors are going to relate to what I'm talking about because we counsel a lot of people and then we ourselves have our own things to deal with. Don't think we don't. That's right. Brother Bram said, "Pray for your pastor." Please do that. You have no idea. And there's no way you and you can't know. That's why pastors don't hold it against you when you when you when you think and they can just take it. You can just say whatever you want to to them. and they're just the pastor. They can take it. Somehow they got a magic something. And listen, they're human beings just like you. And sometimes people say the most incredible things. I don't know. I guess they figure because you're a preacher, they have a a privilege they can just say it to you and they don't realize. And brother Brandham talked about deep wounds and scars and things. That's right. So, you know, but but but not only do we relate to this because of the people that we counsel and and a lot of times, you know, we have to go to the Lord. We don't have a counselor per se. We got friends. We've got close pastors and and you might have two or three in your whole life that you can just sit down and open your heart to. And then even them, there's things you would never say. And the only counselor you have is the Lord who understands. And I want to say to you tonight, he understands. Tell him about it. Just tell him about it. You can't hide it from him anyway. Just tell him about it. He wants to hear it. Get on your knees. Lift up your hands. Say, "Lord, I got a problem." That's right. Amen. These are trying times. God has placed you here on purpose with great forethought and intent. Yes, sir. Uh he's placed you in the darkest age in human history. He's placed you in what brother Brandham saw as an impossible darkness and yet here we are still standing and a lot of times many many of God's family and I want to say it that way tonight. I know there's compound meaning and there's places where I'm not dis discarding the fact that that you know Jesus talks about that these are cast into the fire and you know whatever doesn't bring forth as you know if I'm not preaching the other side of it there's there's compound meetings and everything I'm only taking one side of it tonight and I'm not even taking the side I'm not here preaching tonight necessarily to unbelievers if you're an unbeliever in Christ hopefully what I'll say tonight will break your heart and make you want to love the Lord but I'm preaching to believers tonight. I want that in the front of your mind. I'm believing that you're a believer. I'm preaching this through the through the lens of I've got a house full of people who love the Lord. Believe the word. Say amen to every word. Repent when they're wrong. Repent if they offend. Get up and keep going. Amen. So, so if I say that that many of us have taken this brave step, we've all taken that brave step to accept Christ into our lives. And yet, too often, friends, let's be honest with one another, real honest tonight. too often that we find even among God's family, we hear expressed the expression of feelings um of weariness and and and even disappointment and not not of not in God, of course, but in ourselves. Amen. It's true. Yes, sir. It can be disheartening. And I'm I'm I'm granting it to you. I'm saying it's not unnormal. Don't let the devil lie to you. It's not unnormal. We all go through it. It can be disheartening when the joy and the blessings that you once felt seem to fade over time, often leaving you, yep, I'm going to say it. Often leaving even a born again child of God to question their very experience. sometimes and you you know you're you know you wonder you know with your experience with such a such a savior such a savior that is so wonderful and and sometimes you can find yourself at such a lowb that you you you wonder why your experience with such a wonderful lord such a wonderful savior hasn't been perhaps as fulfilling as you had hoped It would be Satan can take you down a road with such a feeling of inadequacy. Amen. You wonder at times why the Lord even called you in the first place. That's true. Say, "Brother Jason, uh, this is going dark. I don't want I come to church to to worship the Lord." Well, you know, can I just say something, friends? I've been there. You've been there. I I may not stand here tonight and feel particularly there, but you might. And maybe the Lord has burdened my heart for you tonight. And I and but I will say this, that that there have been times, and I'll just be very transparent. There have been times in my life where where, you know, I can say, I wonder why he called me in the first place. had it not been for a firm belief in a first place that was a place before this place so that this place doesn't count against that place so that I had a heavenly position in his mind and I realized that there's no earthly condition that can undo that heavenly position a place in the mind of God before I was in this place, a place where I didn't fall, a place where I agree with every word. Oh, if not for that assuring revelation. Hallelujah. That's right. You and I would have faced impossible discouragement. Yes, sir. I'm glad tonight to know. I'm glad to hear these amens. I'm glad to hear you saying, "Yep, that's right. Me, too. Come on, sir. I'm glad to know that I'm not the only one who has wept before the Lord. Hallelujah. For dilatory ways and failures and sometimes repeated failures and sometimes repeats of the repeat. Godl, you know you do. That's not You're not fooling yourself or anybody. You actually really do. You know you love God. You believe that that you were in that first place. You believe in a first place and you believe you were in that first place. You're very grateful. You truly are very grateful deep in your heart sincerely. Amen. You're grateful for the word he's revealed to you. And you believe it and you long for more of it and you long for victory in it. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. But all too often you find yourself coming up heartbreakingly short of the glory of God. The glory that he so richly deserves. And the rub is that you know it. You painfully know it. I want to say to you tonight, and it's important for you to understand that those failures and even if they're repeated and those discouragements and those times when your faith feels anything but active, I just want you to know something, friends. The Holy Spirit, I told my church at home, the Holy Spirit is on me to say, and I feel the same again tonight. That is not a reflection of your worth to him. And it is and our failures are not a reflection of our true faith in him. I got them. You got them. But I'm a believer. That's right. That's right. I want to give you this assurance tonight. He who began a good work in you will finish it. Yes, praise the Lord. That's right. This is why you abide in him and he abides in you because this is actually a kingdom principle, not just at the last day. It's it's rather more important, the most important in the last days, but it's a it's a principle, a kingdom principle covering all the ages. All the ages. All down through time. his family, you know, his his family either achieved and did great exploits. The Bible says concerning the the last days that the people of the last days will know their God and those are the ones who will do great exploits. And God's family has always uh performed by being a a a usable vessel for God. Great exploits, things that no human could do, things way way above their uh their their weight class, no way to accomplish it, impossible situations. Paul goes down the list, you know, and uh but then sometimes, you know, we they did great exploits, but then sometimes they they lost battles. And and I'm not saying that I know we have trials and tribulations. I get that. But it's a different thing when you lose a battle you need not have lost. When you suffer humiliation that you need not have had to suffer. So this heavenly principle is is so vital. This is why Jesus is is telling it to us. Th this principle is is completely organic. It's probably it's I would say it's the most living principle in all of the word of God because it's literally a life. It's his life. It's the life of the creator living through you. You're a conduit of the life of Jehovah. Yes, sir. This is it is it is abiding. It is in your abiding in Christ. Yes, sir. We're not talking about a new birth. This is after the new birth. See, and because he's abiding in you and you're abiding in him, but Jesus is is is naming all kinds of conditions. I need you to abide because this is how my father gets glorified. I I need you to abide so that you can ask what you will in my name, and I'll do it. See, th this this is this is important because as my born again child, you're going to need to do this so that my confidence and love in you uh is not is not questioned and your joy can remain. Hallelujah. God needs to know he can trust you. Now, that's a weird way to say it because he's omnisient. But he was omnisient when he took Abraham up up Mariah and told him to sacrifice his son. And brother Brandham said he laid him down. And he took that knife. And brother Brandham said he raised that knife and he said he was just as determined to plunge that knife into the breast of his son. He said, as I am to lift up my Bible. Amen. And the spirit of God caught him. This wasn't no joke. He was serious. He was going to do it. Now, it seems humanly impossible, but Paul deciphered it. Paul Paul caught the the unencrypted information, and Paul said, "Well, here's what happened." Abraham thought, I love it how a prophet can go back and discern the thoughts of somebody that lived thousands of years before him. And he said, "Here's what here's what Abraham concluded that, well, the Lord gave him to me. That was impossible. I already couldn't have got him here. I can't keep him here. God's already said he's going to represent a a seed line that's as as numerous as the stars. I want him to be able to count it. And and and and so he said, I I just figure that if I do kill him, he'll have to resurrect him. So even before he goes up the mountain, he says to the servants, you stay here. I and this boy will go and don't worry, me and this boy will come back. Praise the Lord. And he raises his knife to plunge it in. And quickly, Abraham, Abraham, touch not the lad. And and it's curious. The Bible says, "For now I know." God says to him, God says, "For now I know." That you'll you will believe me. And I just thought to myself, you think there's something God didn't know? I'm here today, friends. God already knew that Abraham would do it. But Abraham needed to know Abraham would do it. Abraham. Sometimes you get in a situation and God has you there so that you know, I know my redeemer liveth. I know I'm a believer. I know I'm not going back. I'm never going to give up. I'm going to keep fighting again and again and again. It doesn't matter what the devil does. If I fail tomorrow, I'll get up again. So God does these things so that we can know. That's it. When push comes to shove, that's it. It is in abiding. It is in in the effort of abiding that you ask what you will. It is in the labor of abiding. Yes, sir. See, and so this is exactly why we went to to the book of Matthew because he says, "Come unto me." This is his family. All you that are weary or and heavy laden. I'll give you rest. Rest is the Holy Ghost. See, but then notice what he says. Now you come unto me, I'm going to give you rest. I'm going to give you the rest. Now that you have that, now take my yoke upon you. That's it. Learn of me. Now, now start. You're in school now. Start learning. Start growing. Start maturing. Learn of me. Learn of me. Learn of me. Be active. Go forward. Abide in me. I'll abide in you. And when you do that, then he comes down and repeats it. Then you'll find rest for your soul. That's next level rest. All right. That's not the rest of the new birth. You already got that. That's next level rest. I want next level rest. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is I mean it isn't it is this kind of a life. Listen friends, that's where you learn to play the sheet music. Yes sir. that the great composer has pinned and the great he's got a great conductor and there's a Holy Spirit and he sent us a prophet and we've got a message and all we're and you're gifted. You're called you're chosen to play an instrument and the instrument you're playing is your faith and your dedication and your consecration and your sincerity until your whole life becomes a life song that is played back to God that he wants to hear. Your life is playing a music. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Your life becomes a life song to the Lord. This this this element is is dependent in nature and it's it's vital for believers to be in relationship with Christ. As we already read the words of the Lord, a branch cannot survive separated from the vine. True. That's right. You're a believer. You're a child of God. But if if you have if you have so ordered your life that separates you from your Bibles, your tapes, your church attendance, your fellowship, say, "Well, it connected me to a lot of money." That's going to ash and cinder. Exactly right. That's right. That's going to ash and cinder. That there there's nothing that can save the world. All their gold and all their money. It's going to ash and cinder. And this I'm going to tell you something, friends. You need to re recalculate your investment strategy. I want to I want to know what's really important in my life. Amen. That's right. Yes, sir. You can't survive separated from the vine. And neither can believers thrive spiritually. They're believers, but they can't thrive spiritually apart from connection to Christ. It's distinct from the new birth. It's uh I it's essential and and it's much needed growth, you know, when you've come to know the Lord. So So it's, you know, it we we know it as a gene of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. And by the way, that's there's only three places in the scripture. First, Peter talks about it. John talks about it in the 17th chapter, which is my favorite chapter in in the in the book of John, probably in all the gospels. And then Paul talks about it in so Peter's talking about Christ. And you remember uh you were you were bought with the precious blood of Christ as a as of a lamb without blemish and without spot who verilely was for ordained before the foundation of the world. See everywhere else when it's somebody not Christ or not his bride because John 17 father I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me. Now it's Christ and his family together that they'll be with me that they may behold my glory which thou has given me for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. And now I love them the same way. That's right. And then when Paul comes to Ephesians 1 according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. Here's why he chose us. So that we would be holy and without blame before him in love. That's right. See? But any other time where you're talking about like the remnant of the woman seed, the tribulation saints that are saved, any other time, it's always since the foundation of the world because it begins at time or from the time they're born. And and and even the foolish virgin who receive eternal life because they were saints. That means sanctified one. They were righteous people. The king called them righteous in Matthew 25. That's right. the and they said to the to the king, the righteous said to the king, the king said to the righteous. That's right. And so so you see them standing there uh in Revelation 14 on Mount Zion. And with the 144,000, they're going in different directions because 144,000 were born again, become part of the first resurrection. But these unwanted of the woman's seed uh is not in the millennium. She comes up after the millennium and she's granted eternal life. And he says to her, "Enter into the joys of the Lord prepared for you since the foundation of the world, not before." It says in the book of Revelation, multiple places, all shall worship the beast whose names are not in the book of the book of life of the lamb since the foundation of the world. But there's a very small category of Jesus or Jesus and his bride or just his bride. And you were you were in Christ before the foundation of the world. That's right. See, praise the Lord. Amen. So, it can only be something after the new birth. And and and of course, we already know that that John 5:24 assures us that that once you've passed from death to life, you can never lose that. That's right. So, so, so then it, so then if it, if it's only to the born again and then it's to those who John 15 who are those who can't lose that, then it can only be speaking about the level of relationship that a bornagain believer maintains in Christ. Amen. That's it. See, so this clarifies why your redemption is permanent. So, so, so the but so it's the quality see your your redemption is permanent but the quality of relationship can fluctuate based on the believer's commitment to abiding. Now, Satan knows this. He knows he can't unborn again you. Somebody apologize to the king for slaughtering his English. Satan knows he can't he can't, you know, take away the life of God. That's never ended well for him when he's tried that. But and we maybe go a little more in that direction tomorrow. But but but the bottom but so what he does is is he bombards you and with every kind of things that you could ever imagine and things you can't imagine and just fills up your life with stuff. and he takes you here and he takes you there and the next thing you know you haven't prayed in a while and you haven't read your Bible. You feel dry. You know you're a believer. What's wrong with me? You need to come back and begin abiding in the vine. That's right. Yes, sir. We've established that it's your it's your daily lived voice. It's your consecration. It's your sincerity. It's your dedication. And all of this can be summed up in two words. divine relationship, divine fellowship. Brother Chad and I were talking about that today. Brother Chad talking about how that God there and going back from brother Brandham's teaching. You know, God already had worship. He didn't create Adam and Eve for worship. He already had worship. The angels already worshiped him. What he didn't have was fellowship with a like being. That's right. So he wanted to create something in his own image, something that would be kin that he could be kin to and have his kingdom through the ceaseless ages. Someone in his own image expressed from within him to be to be a further expression of him. And that's really the the whole mystery of the godhead. And brother Brandham said some jaw-dropping things about that. And I don't have time to go down that rabbit trail tonight. You know, Brother Brandham, one of the things that he talks about and and this is directly off the tape when he's referring to the bornagain family of God that that that any and he says anyone that's in that situation, uh, they're part of God's godhead. That's right. That's direct quote. Part of God's Godhead. Look it up. Part of God's Godhead. Amen. See, and so so we realize that when you and that makes sense to us because the bride, you know, was not simply um so there are things that God creates temporarily. For instance, hell, right? It's not eternal. Brother, he stood the theologians on their ear with that one. Oh yeah, it is. It's eternal. He said, well, how could it be eternal? If you if you could burn eternal, then you got eternal life. Right. And then there's only one form of eternal life, and that's God. And then if you had God's life, you wouldn't be in hell in the first place. I love Kentucky logic, man. It just I love it. See, they they couldn't drag him out into that deep water and give him all kinds of, you know, Greek and Hebrew and crisscross him up. He'd just stay right around in the shallow. Always believe Christ. He and you know he said, "Well, why'd he stick with that?" But you know why he says he says why he stuck with that? He told his mama on her deathbed, "You know, mama, I just never could see some of the things that were taught out there. I just believe the Bible and and the way it was written." And and guess what? I got the same results they got. So why wouldn't he believe the Bible the way it's written? Let them argue till the cows come home. I don't care about their arguments. I can get the same results they got. All right. Hallelujah. That's right. Yes, sir. See, so so the so he creates hell for the devil and his angels. Someday it'll be it'll be done away with. It's not eternal. It's not an expression. The earth is an eternal attribute. It can never be annihilated. See? So, so brother Brandham talks about paper. He said you can't annihilate anything. He said you can burn it. You can take a piece of paper. You can burn it. He said, "But you have now you've destroyed it, but you haven't annihilated it cuz all you did was send it back to its elements and gases that it was before it was a tree which then got manufactured, which then got turned into paper." And brother Brandham says, "If time would go on long enough, the cycle of life could bring it back around again. It could end up being another tree, get reh harvested again, come back to a sheet of paper again." And you say, "Well, that's that's a wonderful thing." Not when it comes to putting my sins in the sea of forgetfulness forever. I don't ever want them to be able to come back when I'm on the other side in a glorified body. I don't want to that can go back once I get over there. I don't want to ever have to go through this again. So, he didn't just create a bride like a companion like speaker right here in front of him. He expressed her. She's an eternal attribute. She can never pass away. No more die than God could die cuz she she's a part of him. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Th this is the privilege of the bride. Now, do you want to abide? Praise God. That's why brother Brandham would say make that to me three most profound words in all the message. That's right. And that's a blows fuses. She is him. And of course, you realize brother Brandham when he comes and he he's preaching shalom, preaches who is MelzDC, he he preaches the, you know, uh the God in simplicity. He preaches the revelation of Jesus Christ. All of these different things, the the the invisible union and and he's he's showing how all this comes together. And so, so you realize that when he's saying she is him, he's not saying she's literally him. I mean, I didn't die for you. You don't pray to me. You understand? But Hebrews 13:8, which was the theme of his ministry, it was on his tents. Hebrews 13:8 is the key that unlocks the mystery. She's the same as him. All right. See? So, so, so she's the same as him. She's not literally him. She is him. Uh, but because she's an expression of him. She's the That's how you identify the bride from the church because they have the image of the word that they bear. Which which goes beyond their testimony. their testimony that they're a Christian doesn't save them because their life doesn't match the sheet music. And we're not talking about wins and losses. It's not you can't even earn eternal life like that. That that that that's why that God disqualified Satan's lawsuit when he tries to sue God in in in God's heavenly court. You're talking about the audacity. Go read Ezekiel 3. And and here comes Satan. And he brings in Joshua the high priest. He's bringing the high priest because he represents all of Israel. And God had already said, "They're my people." And now that Satan has said, "Look here, I got evidence that they're secret sinners and they're adulterers and they're idolattors and they they they hide behind trees and and and eat things sacrificed." And you and you said and you said they were your people and you said they were the apple of your eye and you said you chose them. I'm here to tell you your word has failed. You need to come down off the throne. Let me have it. Oh, I'm here to tell you, the Lord stepped from that throne and he stepped out of eternity and he said, "Let me tell you something. I'm going to dismiss your case on one premise alone. I don't care what evidence you've got. I don't care what actuality you can prove. Is not this Jerusalem whom I have chosen. Is not this people? Do you not realize that there is now therefore no condemnation even possible to them who are in Christ? [Applause] This is my Jerusalem. These are my people. That's right. The case was dismissed just on that. The Lord didn't argue. See, so so anything that had a beginning would have an ending. So he didn't do it that way. And so you know um a a prophet even you know he goes there to the example of of Christ at Calvary you know just like Eve came out of the side of Adam and they opened the side of Jesus and he said the bride came out. Say what does that even mean? Brother Brandham says when they took that Roman spear and shoved it into his heart. Brother Brandham tells us on tape that the tip of that spear pierced that original blood cell, that original spoken word, he still had that in him. Although he was dead, completely dead, that blood cell of life was still inside there. And when that pierced that blood cell, out came the life of God. and and he descended and and emptied out and then ascended and then sent that life back onto his church again. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. So certainly so all things are delivered to me of my father. He had said in Matthew 11. I gota I gotta stop. Let me let me let me come down and catch this one point. So all things are delivered unto me of my father, and no man knoweth the son, but the father, neither knoweth any man the father save the son, and he to whomsoever the son will reveal him. Amen. See, so so he when he comes down to say, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Then take my yoke upon you. Learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy. Amen. And my burden is light. So you see friends, every day you you should be reaching for a higher handhold on this mountain that we are climbing. Are you climbing it tonight? Every day you should be reaching for a higher handhold. Christ in you, the hope of glory. How many are climbing to Mount Zion? Hallelujah. And so the mind of Christ, you know, that that that it has to be appropriated. It has to be assimilated deep inside your being. You have to take ownership of it. Uh you know, and and and and and this is this is where brother Brandon would bring his thought, fellowship by redemption. See, so we're not even just talking about basic salvation from destruction. The brother Brandham said that and that was a a question they asked him in COD. Brother Brandham, why you sounds like you're saying the foolish virgin gets saved in the tribulation, but we thought you said no one gets saved in tribulation. And brother Brandham just says, well, the confusion is because of what I've taught about them not getting saved in the tribulation. He said, they're already saved. See, but they're rejected in the bride. They have to go into the tribulation for their sin of unbelief and rejecting the message. Yes, sir. See, so they're not born again. They arrive there not born again, but they were righteous, sanctified people who believed God. You see that in the Old Testament, too. That's who Lot stood for. Uh although Lot was willing to live in Sodom, he lifted up his eyes and the fertile plains attracted his attention and it got him to live there and he almost lost everything and ended up in disgrace. But he had a right. It vexed his righteous soul. See, I mean, Aimilec was never going to get the revelation Abraham got. He was not called under under Abraham, but Aimilec was a righteous man. And God saved his life. And he said, "Lord, you know the integrity of my heart." And the Lord did know. So, you've got that brother says, "A remnant in every age." So, so we realize that there is salvation from destruction, but redemption is next level, friends. That's something you had to previously own and you buy it back and take possession of it. Oh, the next time you're the devil's got you graveling around and you don't feel like you're worth anything, you just remember, I I didn't start here. I'm not finishing here. I came from God and I'm going back to God. And there ain't enough devils in all of hell that can stop it. Hallelujah. Amen. So, it's fellowship in this redemption. redemption and and as you're redeemed there's a fellowship and without our willingness and our self listen without your willingness and your self-disipline even Christ giving can uh uh you you know cannot make it your own. That's right. Remember even a pardon is not a pardon unless it's received as a pardon. That's right. So, so the Lord the Lord can save you, but but then you've got to come and abide in him. You've got to take his yoke upon you. You've got to start learning of him. You got to move forward. Don't lay there and and boohoo all day long. That's just what the devil, oh, I'm no good. It's worthless. There's no use. Well, that was always true. That's right. That was always true. He saved you when you were in the world, didn't he? My goodness. Now you've been born again. You love God. you believe his word, get up. Get up. Wipe the face off and say, "Lord, today uh your mercies are new every morning and I'm going to avail myself of your mercies and I'm going to take my sword and go forward." And you grab your sword and you're walking out your walking out the door and the devil calls behind you. What happens if it happens again? Well, then tomorrow his mercies will be new again. And I'll go I'll grab the sword again. And I'll do that the next day and the next day until I'm like Enoch. I get so close I'm closer there than I am here. [Applause] So this is why Jesus this is why he repeats his promise because he he can't make you live in an overcomer's life. He can't he can't he won't force you. He's not going to push you through a pipe to to force you to experience the fullness of joy. You're going to have to do that. See, so when we see him repeat his promise and of course this isn't this isn't the rest, you know, he he grants to those wondering stars, as brother Brandon called them, his children. Oh, wandering star, stop wondering. Come home tonight. You know, and and we come in and we know the Lord in a in a glorious rebirth. But but but we're talking tonight and I I just really have barely got to lay my foundation. I'm going to close, but or I'm going to push a pause button. And uh but but the the the thing that I want to leave with you before you go home tonight is that this is a deeper Yeah. This is something personal. This is an this is an appropriated rest because he says you shall find. Listen, he you come unto me and I'll give you rest. And and and and so when you when you go down, you realize that he now not only says come un come unto me, but take my yoke upon you and learn of me. So yield yourself to my training. Submit everything to my will and let your whole life be one with mine. Abide in me. And then he adds, not only I will give, but ye shall find. How many want to find it tonight? I'm glad he gives it, but I want to find it. I'm glad it's there to be found. And you can find it tonight in this service. I'm here to tell you, I've seen right while the preaching of the word goes forth. I've seen young people filled with the Holy Ghost. I've seen people rise up healed of diseases. I've seen oppression and depression broken. There's power in the word of God going forth. If you'll believe it, why don't you stand to your feet with me right now and just say, "Lord, I appropriate every blessing. I take it. It's mine. You paid the price. I'm going to take ownership of it tonight. I'm going to appropriate the word of God. I'm going to take every promise. It's mine. It's your inaliable right. Jefferson wrote of that there are some rights that are inaliable. He is the old old English archaic now. Unalable means same thing. Unalable. Inaliable. It means that that it's your right by being a human. Life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. You have a right to that intrinsically. And so that means I don't need anyone's permission. That's what he was saying to the king. We don't need your permission to have liberty. I was born in the image of God. I have a right to liberty. I'm here to tell you something, friends. You need to say to the devil, I'm declaring independence from you tonight. I don't need your permission to have the joy of the Lord. I don't need your permission to believe God for every word. I don't need your permission. I don't need a treaty. I don't need an armistice. I'm going to fight you until the last breath in my body leaves me. And one day I'm going to dance on the hills of glory. One day we're going to shout together. The shout of the king will be among us. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's raise up our hands. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, we worship you tonight, oh God. We thank you for your mercies, oh Lord Jesus. Your mercies are great to us, Lord. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord. Oh, master, your word tonight, it thrills us, Lord. Is the last thing in the world the enemy wanted us to know, you've given us great secrets to your kingdom. And tonight, we're going to stop believing the enemy and we're going to start believing you. We're going to appropriate the blessing. We're going to take it into oursel. We're going to own it. I'm going to own it. I have a right to it. Oh, every head bowed, every head bowed. Listen friends, brother Brandham said taught us very clearly in many places, every son and daughter of God has a divine right to have a conference. No one can be denied you. That's another meaning of inaliable. It can't be altered. It can't be changed. It can't be taken from you. You don't need anyone's permission. You didn't get it. It was given to you. Why don't you exercise your right to a conference? Raise up those hands and say, "Lord God, tonight you see the need in my life, Lord. You see that that preacher don't know me. You knew me. And you you've sent your word when I have a purpose in my heart to say yay, Lord. Yay and amen to every word. Oh God, make us overcomers. Lord, give us the liberty that we are entitled to by the blood of that was shed for us at Calvary. Grant it, Lord. We are entitled to every redemptive blessing that you paid a horrible price for. I'm not going to see it sit on a shelf. I want to have active faith, Lord. I want to have active faith. May you grant it to us tonight. We love you. I thank you, Father, for these people. wonderful pull on the word patiently hearing a crazy man scream and wave his arms and oh, but it thrills us, Lord. It just thrills us. It just runs through us and we get so excited. It's become so wonderful. We thank you, Jesus. Oh, what a day that's going to be on the other side. Table thousands of miles long and we'll look across and there'll be Abraham and Isaac and Jacob. Oh, we'll hear the stories and we'll weep and sob and hug. And a prophet said, "Then the king will walk out in all of his beauty." He'll say, "Don't weep no more. It's all over. It's all over. Enter into the joy of Oh, lamb of God, tonight we love you. We profess our allegiance to you. We rededicate ourselves, Lord, to divine fellowship. You had worship, but you wanted fellowship. Yeah. What David said, "What is a man that thou art mindful of him?" How is this even possible? The one who hung the moon and the stars is concerned about you and me. Lord, may you be our helper tonight. Lord, we love you for your promise word. We commit now everything else into your hands. Lord, may these meetings just be a a dynamic time in the word of God. I pray for the service tomorrow morning. I pray for your servant, Brother Chad. Lord, may you just anoint him with the mighty word of God. May it expose the enemy. Reveal Christ, Lord, and show us show us ourselves in the in the portrait of your word. Show us walking in the vision of Almighty God, cooperating in the vision. Grant it to us, Lord. We love you. We thank you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. What you going to sing, brother? Praise the Lord. My hope is in the Lord. I love it. That's a good one. Amen. Let's sing it all together. Is that true about you now? Is this a real song? My hope is in the Lord. Oh, you'll be all right then. If that's true, you'll be all right. Is in the Lord. from this time. From this service tonight and and forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever. Again, my hope is in the Lord. Lift it up now. My hope. Let me hear you. Oh, there it is. Wow. Whoa. Lift it up. Oh. Oh, my hope is in the Lord. My I believe you got it now. I believe you got it. Let's do it again. My hope is in the Lord. Come on all you eagles. My hope is in the Lord. God bless you, brothers. And oh my is forever. Oh, let's sing that first verse. I stand in all. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes who the raing of the sea subides and living sacriice the only soul is from this and never is [Music] forever. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to be the sinner in his broken [Music] to Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is in. Let's lift our voices without the [Music] music. My hope is in the [Music] Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is [Music] in forever. One more time. Oh my hope is in the Lord from this time and ever. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] Give him praise. Hallelujah. We're worthy of our praise. We love you. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Amen. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over every heart and every [Music] mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Lord, I speak Jesus. [Music] Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. [Music] Till every dark condition starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is [Music] power. Your name is healing. Your name [Music] is [Music] great. Shine through the shadows. Burn my [Music] eyes. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. [Music] to every soul by [Music] depression. I see Jesus. [Music] Your name is Your name is healing. Your name is strong. Shine through the shadow. [Music] Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness. For every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. [Music] Jesus from the mountain. Oh Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn once again. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. like [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Jesus. I speak Jesus. Hallelujah. We speak your name Jesus. We love you, Father. Amen. Brother Mario, would you come and close our service in a word of prayer? It's been good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And look forward to our service tomorrow morning at 10:00. And just a reminder, there'll be a lunchon afterwards. Everyone is welcome. Amen. Can you say it's been good to be here tonight? Let's bow our head. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you so much for your presence, Lord, tonight. Thank you all for lifting our faith, Lord. To let us know who we are, Lord. Thank you Lord for the blood that justified us Lord, sanctified us Lord and baptized Lord with your Holy Ghost Lord. Thank you Lord for the revelation that you've been giving us Lord tonight and we so rejoice your presence Lord. We feel your love toward us Lord while you're giving us the word tonight. We're so us, Lord, and you draw us closer more to you, Lord God, tonight. Thank you, Lord, for giving us the understanding, Lord, of your mystery that was sealed, Lord, before the foundation of the word, but now it was open to us, Lord. And we so rejoice that we saw ourselves, Lord, in the book, Lord, being open. We're so thankful, Lord God, tonight. Thank you, Lord, for the fellowship. Thank you Lord God for using brother Jason Lord as a mouthpiece tonight Lord and we so enjoy Lord and we ask you to bless him Lord tonight and give us uh return the virtue Lord that give us tonight Lord and even Lord where so great expectations for tomorrow Lord but continue Lord God may you continually be with us Lord and use brother Chad Lord as your mouth of peace tomorrow and Okay, be with us, Lord, tonight Lord, as we go our separate ways, Lord. And we so enjoy your presence, Lord, tonight. And may you just continue to be with us tomorrow. Prepare our heart, Lord. Prepare our mind once again to have fellowship with you in Jesus Christ's name. We thank you, Lord. We love you so much in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. As we go, let's sing that song 10,000 Reasons. Amen. And how many have something to thank him for tonight? The sun comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing. Your song again. Whatever may pass, whatever lies before me, let me be singing when the day comes. So bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never [Music] before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy [Music] name. You're rich in love. You're slow to wait. Your name is great [Music] and for all your goodness I'll keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. to bless the Lord soul. Oh my soul. I'll worship his holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. And on that day when my strength is failing, the end draws near and my time has come. Till my soul will sing your praise by 10,000 years and [Music] forever. Oh bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul. I'll worship. Sing the chorus one more time. Sing like never before. Oh, I'll worship once again. Sing like never before. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Amen. You are dismissed tonight in Jesus name. I'll bless you. [Music] What [Music] is that? Are you [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Congratulations. [Music] [Music]
