################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - Manifested Image - Bro. Lindsay McGrady - Lindsay McGrady.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-08
Title:    Manifested Image - Bro. Lindsay McGrady
Speaker:  Lindsay McGrady
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hw4aFJCW5s
========================================

Description:
2025-0507 Wednesday Evening Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You make your mercy new every day. Let's all stand as we sing. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet grace. You f me yesterday, today forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning. You make your mercy new every morning. Sing the first verse. And I thought that I had crossed the line. Walked away from love one [Music] time. Too many. And I thought I'd used up all the grace set aside for my mistakes. So many. [Music] But on my knees I found to my surprise that your mercy renews with the [Music] sunrise. You make your mercy new every day. Oh, you change my life in so many ways. You pray over me in your sweet grace. You can fill me yesterday, today, forever more. Oh, there's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as a morning new, you make your mercy new. every morning second verse and all the wasted times that I have known. A prodigal away from home. God knowing that every day your grace is multiplied with forgiveness waiting to provide. You make your mercy new every day. Oh, you changed my life in so many ways. You cradled me in your sweet grace. You fill me yesterday, today, forever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as the morning, you make your mercy [Music] new. Every morning. Amen. So glad for those mercies that are new each and every morning. Amen. I'd like to ask brother Elias Paige if you'd come, Elias, and take us to the Lord in prayer tonight. Have a praise report from sister Nancy. I want to thank each of you for praying for me during my minor surgery. It was successful and they found no cancer. Now I go to my to the new doctor that Sister Becky helped me to find. Thank you again, Sister Nancy. So let's continue to remember Sister Nancy in prayer and faithful warrior. It's always good to see her there in the back. Amen. Brother Greg Yarro is not feeling well tonight, so he's asked that we remember him in prayer. Sister Flo Peterson says that this past Thursday, a classmate of mine passed away after a seizure. He was very young, always kind towards me. Please pray for his family and his friends. So, let's pray for the family, the friends of this young man. And somehow, may the Lord speak to them through all of this. Amen. God is capable of doing anything. His ways are beyond our understanding. Amen. And if you have a need tonight, I just want to lift that before the Lord for their lies. Let's just all pray. Lord, Father, it's just such a good opportunity, Father, to be in your house once again, Father, to set aside from our busy schedules, Father. Lord, it takes you to come in and intervene in our lives, Father. Lord, Father, as I hold these needs in my hand, Father, I can't remember them all, but Father, you know each one. You could come down and meet meet each need, Father, according to your will, Father. So, I ask on these behalfs of these needs, Father, come and intervene, Father. We know you do everything in a good and perfect timing, Father. We know you work all things for the good, Father. I'm just asking for the song service, Father, as we praise and worship your name, Father. Just be with our midst, Father. be with brother Lindsay as he comes forth, Father, and preaches your word, Father. We know it's not you, Father. We know it's you, Father. And you know, we know it's not the man, Father. Push him aside, Father. Lord, we just love you. We thank you, Father. We just ask these things in your name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight and want to welcome each one and those who be on the internet. Want to wish my daughter Lissa happy birthday. Probably shouldn't say how old she is, but she celebrated 29 a few times now, but love Lissa and appreciate what the Lord's done in her life. Amen. Just a reminder, Sunday school play be a couple Sundays from now on the 18th be here at the church be at 6:00 p.m. Amen. Thank you. Today that song, this world is not my home. I'm just passing through. Amen. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up. Somewhere beyond the blue, the angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus oh many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak anymore and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't be at home in this world anymore. Just over in the glory land will live eternally. The saints on every hand they're shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise bring back from heaven show. I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels beck at me from heaven to the door. And I can't let in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friends like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels back at me from heaven's open door. I can't be left in this world. Oh by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gather, we will tell the story how we come and we'll understand it better. By and by, we are often tossed and riveted on the restless sea of time. Super skies and how tempest drops succeed a bright sunshine in that land of perfect day. When the mist have come away, we will understand it better by and by. Oh, by and by when the morning comes of God are gathered home. We will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. And we are often destitute of the things that life demands. Want of food and want of shelter. thirsty hills, bar and land. Trusting in the Lord and according to his word, we will understand it better. By and by, oh by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we overcome and we'll understand it better. Sing the chorus again. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it [Music] better. Oh, see the bright light shine. Words just about hold time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sing before. Sing it again. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about time. I can see my father standing at the door of this world in a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home. Sing me. Sing it one more time. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about night. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Give him praise to me. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, oh Lord Jesus. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Let's lift our voices and worship him tonight. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior, God, my healer, God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] [Applause] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my hater, God my [Music] deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Give him praise tonight. Amen. Turn the service to brother [Music] Rock. Amen. God bless you all this evening. Greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. I'm happy to be a Christian. Amen. I am thankful that God has opened my eyes and ears to the truth of this hour. Amen. Think of all the people in the world and how that this terrairma has got all these little people crawling all over it and everything and yet he called you. Now your journey didn't start just here. didn't start at your birth. It started at your conception in the mind of God before time even began. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I just am thankful to the Lord for all he's done for us. Please remember to pray for Brother Mario Chua, Sister Josephine. They're they're over in Italy. He's going to be there for a couple weeks preaching there in in Italy. So, we want to remember him. And um I've got a friend of mine, Brother Kelly McMillan, who's um he's battling throat cancer right now. And it's rough. Amen. It's rough. And he's he can't hardly eat and losing a lot of weight and his wife is, you know, it's just affecting her, you know, and uh so God be merciful. Yes. Oh, I'd love to see God just come in here and just heal. We know that by his stripes we are healed. And so I just want you to remember him. And I know it's on my heart and everything. I have u some visitors here tonight come all the way from down under. Amen. Brother Eric and Sister Kylie Funk from Australia. Brother Eric, come on up here real quickly and just just greet the people. And uh we're just very very pleased. We had dinner with them last night and the Menards and and just special to see him once again. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you saints. Uh just a privilege to be back again. I think I know a lot of you and uh you are part of the extended family of God throughout the world. And uh just so you know, there's a huge group of the family of God down under. So if you ever feel compelled to have a trip down somewhere, come to visit us. But uh we just love you and uh we just appreciate their lives and appreciate your pastor and just been a really special part of our lives. Um I've kind of joked with some people that uh I've got three homes, one in Canada, one in Australia, and one here in Phoenix as well. So and I'm trying to just juggle them all. But uh anyway, we have a saint, brother Quac is our pastor down in Melbourne, Australia and uh got a wonderful group of people down there and a real stable wonderful fellowship. So very important if you're somewhere be where the fellowship is absolutely critical. Uh nothing more important than that. Um so we thank God for that and just want to greet you all. We want to thank you that uh you're a part of our lives and uh just privilege that we can come back and visit you and uh like I said, come visit us sometime. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. He's got three homes. Actually, he's got a fourth home. When you leave all these here and all of this stuff is burned over and everything, you got another one. Huh. Thank the Lord. So, we praise God for that. I do have a baby dedication tonight. If uh our brother Justin and sister shalom, love all will come at this time. Let's sing that song. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the world of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. You know there are several milestones in one's life. One is a birth, then is a dedication, then it is your conversion, then marriage and then eventually the chapter of your life is closed which you know it's from the time of the birth till death. But during that whole time, imagine all the things that God has watched over you, blessed you with so many things and kept your life and we're just proud of Brother Justin, Sister Shalom. Look at these beautiful little kids they got. My I tell you, Amen. I I think we got I Yeah, I must say we have some of the best looking little babies born in this church. I don't know. Uh maybe I'm partial, but I I I just think that we do have some absolutely beautiful little babies. So they have got a little one there here. Do you say aliyah? Aaliyah. A l i y a h. It's Hebrew means exalted or to ascend to royalty. To ascend to royal. Wow. I tell you that's powerful. Amen. I tell you. Ed in gan g e a n it is means that god is gracious. Amen. So praise the lord. I I've always told you that I do believe that it's extremely important that you name your children names that have character. Amen. Okay. Especially that that you want to have them go in a certain direction. They face such a hard time as it is. Yeah. Best thing you can do is give them a name that will bless them. And so the Bible says, let me get my glasses here in Mark 13, excuse me, chapter 10:3. And they brought young children to him that he should touch them. And his disciples rebuked those that brought them. But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased and said unto them, "Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not. For of such is the kingdom of God, and verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein." He took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them. Amen. One of the most important things that you can do, I believe, as after the birth of the child and and everything is to bring them forward, have them dedicated. Amen. God bless you richly that you have that that you that you have that desire. And so now we'll take this little one. Come on up here a little bit closer. Amen. Yes. Oh, she's awake. Yeah. Yeah. She's uh Oh, the bright lights. I think kind of takes after daddy a little bit shy in front of all these people, too. We love I tell you what, we love all the love alls. Amen. And come on up here just a wee bit closer. Now Jesus took the little children and put them in his arms and he blessed them. Now, I stand here as a representative of him. And we're going to ask now that God would take this little one, this little love gift, Aaliyah Jean. And we're going to dedicate her back to God now. Amen. For a life of service. Heavenly Father, I hold in my hands Aaliyah Jean love all a love gift that you have given to brother Justin Shalom that they might raise her in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Father, they are a faithful couple. They believe your word. They believe your message. Amen. And father God, they're going to raise up this little girl. They've named her such a beautiful name. One who is gracious from God and who is going to ascend to a to royalty. One who is exalted. Aaliyah Jean love all now. I bless you right now. And I ask that God give you health, virtue, and strength. That you would rise above all of the loud and age and the spirits of this time. May these little feet, Father, may they stand upon every promise. May these eyes behold your virtue and your glory. The hands may they do things father and work for your glory at one day if you should tar your coming. Aaliyah Jean love all now I bless you for a life of service to your great God and I pray that you will know him in a very personal way that your revelation will be her strength or quickening power. I pray and dedicate her now back to you for a life of service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Their little daughter looking at me like I don't know. I think that's that guy I hear yelling at people on Sunday. You know, God bless you what a privilege, what a privilege it is to serve God. Amen. Amen. He says, "Come unto me all ye that are weary and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Thank you, Lord. I will give you a peace that the world does not give. I'll give you a peace that passes all understanding. I thank God that I know that. Let's stand together. to turn service to our brother Mark and let him lead us in another chorus. And our brother Lindsay is here this evening. He said, "Brother Ron, you don't have to minister me when I come in." I said, "Brother Lindsay, let me tell you, we love you." Amen. We have confidence in you. And I says, "And I love to have the five-fold ministry." Brother Warren, it's good to have you here tonight. I know you weren't feeling well. God bless you. Raise you up. Uh, and but brother Lindsay, I said, "Brother Lindsay, you're not a stranger to us. Come in here." I love to have a well-rounded part of uh the five-fold ministry. I mean, we had brother Chad, we had the different ministers here that had spoke for us, Brother Jason. And you were blessed because of the direction and the uniqueness of their ministries. Yes. And that's what I love because they come in and they have a certain perspective, a certain way of ministry, diversities of gifts, but one spirit. Amen. So, I'm just very proud to have our brother Lindsay McGrady to come up here and speak for us. And he said, "Well, brother Ron, you don't have to." I I said, "Brother Lindsay, I think you know me well enough that if our schedule was full and we didn't have an opportunity, I would just say just sit down." He said, "You know what, Brother Ron?" He says, "I love to eat." And he says, "When I go to somebody else's church, I like to I like to put my feet under their table and just be fed." But um anyway, we've asked him to speak this evening. Brother Mark, if you would lead us in worship. Pour your spirit out on me. Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Fill my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your Sing it again as we invite him to have his way tonight. Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. [Music] saturate my thirsty [Music] [Applause] [Music] soul. My cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Don't we need him tonight? Amen. We need him every day, every hour. You know, sometimes we I think we fail to recognize just how much we need him, how much we're dependent upon him. You know, and he told us plainly there in John the 15th chapter. Without me, you can do nothing. That's right. And uh I know that. I know that very much that it takes the Lord. For you to be blessed, for you to be helped, it would be nothing that I could do. It all would be him. It would all be the Lord. And uh I guess that brother, I do qualify as a well-rounded part of the ministry. I'm too well-rounded. I need to be less well-rounded. But uh I thought, well, I qualify for that part. I I do know that. Amen. But it's certainly certainly a privilege to be here with you guys. Always love the the presence of the Lord that I feel when I come here. Just the the welcoming the spirit. You make it easy to minister. And uh and I need that. I need that. While you're standing, just go with me over to the book of Luke, the 20th chapter. I told them when I got off the airplane Monday, I said, "I must have got on the wrong plane because this can't be Phoenix." It was cooled. I thought, "This is great. If y'all could just petition to get this, you know, for several months, it'd be wonderful." But I understand it's supposed to change. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We're going to Luke the 20th chapter and then we're also going to go over to 2 Corinthians the 3rd chapter for one verse. Luke the 20th chapter. And the chief priest and the scribes the same hour sought to lay hands on him. They feared the people for they perceived that he had spoken this parable against him. Jesus had just spoken the parable about the vineyard and the man who had bought the vineyard and led it out to husband and then took his journey to a far country and then he came again and they slayed his servants. They slayed his son. And so they're they're saying, "Hey, he's he's spoke this parable against us." And so they watched him and sent forth spies which should fain themselves just men that they might take hold his word so that they might deliver him unto the power and the authority of the governor. And down in the 22nd verse it says it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar or no. So here's a trick question. But he perceived their craftiness, and said unto them, Why tempt you me? Show me a penny, whose image and superscription have it? And they answered and said, Caesars. And he said unto them, render unto Caesar the things that which are which be Caesars's, and unto God the things which be God's. Now over in 2 Corinthians the third chapter, one verse there, 2 Corinthians the third chapter, one verse. the third verse and it says, "For as much as you are manifestly declared to be the epistles of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in fleshly tables of the heart." Let's just bow our hearts tonight. Heavenly Father, we just come given honor and glory and praise, Lord, for the privilege that we have, dear Lord, to to come to worship you, dear Lord, to exalt you, to magnify you, Lord, to to just take your word, dear God, and and to be able to feed upon your word. And we're just asking tonight, dear Lord, that you would speak your word to each individual that's here. You know each need. You know each heart, each situation, Lord, the questions that may be on someone's mind, the pain or the suffering that someone else is dealing with, dear Lord. And we believe that you're able to minister to each of these needs for your glory, Lord. And that God, it would bring glory to you. Wouldn't not that I should receive glory, but Lord, that your name would be exalted and magnified, dear Lord Jesus, among the saints. We thank you. We praise. We ask all these things in your precious name. Amen. And a church said, "Amen." God bless you may be seated tonight. Thank you, brother. You supposed to be back there in the congregation with your wife. He told me, "I'm going to go see." So, I'm going to go sit with Sister Sandy. So, all right. Okay. Not that I'm running him off, but you know, I look back and he's he's still there and he told me he was going. It's hey, it's his pull pit. He can be anywhere he wants to be. Praise the Lord. I want to take a thought tonight if I could from these couple of places that I that we've that we've read here on manifested image. Now, just a small thought tonight, not big. Hopefully, we'll be out of here quickly, so I I won't drag this out. But we read this story here, this of Jesus whenever the the chief priest and the scribe, they're coming and they're, you know, they they hate Jesus. They hate what he is and they're trying to find occasion against him to try to uh uh uh try to entrap him, you know, that they may, as it says in that 20th verse, that they may deliver him under the power and the authority of the governor. So they're asking that question, you know, is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or no? So, it's a it's definitely a trick question that they're asking him because if Jesus said no, then they would hand him over to the authorities as a Roman trader. But if he simply says yes to this question, then he would be deemed a traitor to the Jews. So, you know, you you maybe you've been asked those questions before. Somebody put you in that tight spot that you know, no matter what you answer, it looks like there's just not a good answer, right? That somebody's going to take it the wrong way. somebody's going to make the wrong thing out of it. People do that, right? And so that's what they're trying to do to Jesus. But as the scripture says here, he perceived their deceptiveness. He perceived what they were trying to do against him. And he says, "Okay, show me a penny, a Roma dinari, whatever it might have been." He says, "Whose image and supercription have it?" And they said, "It's got Caesars." And so they he took that penny and they looked at it. They were very versed with it. They knew what it was. They knew that it had the image of Caesar on it. They knew that it had a superscription to Caesar on it. And Jesus made this statement. He says, "Render therefore unto Caesars the things which belong to Caesar, which be Caesars, and to God the things which be God's." Amen. Now, you know what is kind of amazing about that when you think about it is, you know, Jesus, he didn't have to he didn't have to analyze he didn't ask him to analyze the alloy of that coin to see who it belonged to. He didn't say, you know, hey, you know, let's let's research this thing. Maybe we should go ask a tax collector, somebody that is an expert in the field. He didn't say those things. He said, just show me and tell me whose image it is bearing. Yes. and you'll know who it belongs to by the image that it is bearing. Right. And you know I thought Lord how true that is not just of a coin but of an individual as us as individuals. What image are we bearing? You know what are we showing? The word image here from the uh from the Greek comes from the word econ which we have our word icon. Icon we we all know what an icon is. It is as the definition there is one in whom the likeness of anyone is seen. And you know if if if I you know told you showed you the big swoop swoosh or whatever that thing's called swoosh then I listen right here. You know I should be looking around for some tennis shoes or something. But if I told you you know if I showed you that image you know immediately that that that swoosh that it represented Nike. You know, if you if I showed you the icon or the corporate logo for Chevrolet, the the bow tie, you would automatically say, "Well, that's represents Chevrolet." You wouldn't have to see a word. You wouldn't have to, you know, you wouldn't have to research it. You've seen it. So, you can identify something by an image, right? I mean, you you know that you don't have to have the words that goes with it. You just see the image and automatically you know already what that identifies with in in many many cases. Now, I worked in corporate America for 31 years. work for Lowe's in their corporate offices and and uh you know I've been retired for 10 years now and you can go to my closet brother Mark and in my closet are still several shirts and hats and coats and whatever that bears Lowe's corporate logo on that and you know I wear those things and that would identify me with Lowe's and so somebody come up and they start talking about Lowe's and they'd tell me about the terrible experience that they had that are the the crooked tub before that they bought bought at Lowe's, you know. I said, "Yeah, me too." You know, I I get the same thing. I buy I buy the same cricket 24 as you buy. I don't get special two4s cuz I I work for Lowe's. Or somebody come along and they want, you know, maybe they want a discount or whatever, you know, but I was identified with them because of that clothing or whatever that I that I wear. And so you know you you know the image that you're that you're manifest it identifies us with something right I mean you you know that I mean this is elementary this is not difficult it's not hard uh but you recognize a lot of times those those icons and funny story happened several years ago I don't know if I mentioned this here I don't know why I would have but I'm old I don't know what I told you and what I didn't tell you but years ago I've got a a precious wonderful father-in-law Avery Ror one of the most godly men honest one of the most godly people you'll ever meet. Precious, precious mother. But he loves a bargain. I mean, you know, you going to get him excited. You know, talk about a bargain. So, he is out one time and he was out yard selling and he bought a a a bunch of neck ties for a dollar. And we were over at his house. This been a few years ago. And and he was he was showing us those neck ties and oh, this is beautiful neck tie. And just be honest with you, they're all out of style for the most part. You know, he loved to bargain, but he didn't know a whole lot about style and fashion and so forth. And he was showing us those neck ties and beautiful and different ones. And he gets down to one of Solid Brand said, "This is one's my favorite." And I'm kidding you not, it had a Playboy bunny on it. He's a pastor of the church. He's a preacher of the message, but he didn't know what it was. He didn't know what that represented. And you know, I had to tell him. I wish I hadn't told him. I wish I'd let him wear it at the church, you know, cuz he had no clue what that cute little bunny represented. And uh but you know, I I I I told him, "Amen." But you know, you can identify those those things, right? I mean, you know, you see these different things and and you identify what they are. And a lot of times, you know, you see people that wear around they got a cross on their neck or they got a cross little pin pined on them or, you know, you you can see a wrapper with a big chain around their neck and a big cross on it. But you know, those things do not make them a Christian. Just because they're wearing a cross, amen, just because maybe they go somewhere to church, that doesn't make them a Christian, right? What image are they bearing? Amen. You know the scripture tells us as Paul was writing over there to Titus the first chapter the 16th verse said they profess that they know God but in works in works what they're manifesting what they're living what they're producing it denies what they say and I said God forbid we should not be that way right our life ought to back up what we claim that we are amen we should we should manifest Jesus Christ said he he goes on said be abominable and disobedient unto every good work reprobate. So, you know what? It's abominable for someone to say, "Hey, I'm identified with Jesus Christ, but yet they manifest the image of the world." And but so, you know, sometimes we we get confused with these things. We don't think about these things. We we we allow these things maybe to come over us or or you know, the things of the world look nice, they look good and and we get caught up in those things not real realizing the image that it is producing to someone else. what is being manifested to somebody else. In that 2 Corinthians the third chapter that we read that third verse said for as much as ye are manifestally declared are declared by manifestation. It's declared by manifestation that you are the epistle of Christ minister by us. Say amen. So we declare what we are by what we manifest. The image we manifest declares who we belong to. That's what Jesus said. Whose image is on that coin? It's Caesar's. Okay. It belongs to Caesar. If it is bearing the image of Caesar, it belongs to to Caesar. If it's bearing the image of the world if it's manifesting the image of Jesus Christ, I mean, you see these things. I mean, so you know, people can dress a certain way uh to identify with something. I remember I was years ago I was up in Boston and the I was working with an engineer group and they said, "Hey, you know, here after work, we got tickets to go down to watch the Red Sox and I didn't care a thing about the Red Sox, but I said, "Okay, I'll go with you." And so we we walked we parked and we walked start walking toward the stadium and all this stuff. And we turned a corner. And we turned a corner the whole opposite side of the street. All the way down the block and down the next block. Here was this group of of uh young people all dressed in black. Black leather. Their hair was black. Their nails were painted black. Their lips were painted black. You know, well, I didn't have to cross the street to ask them what they identified with. I knew that it was a goth group. I knew that they they were into the Gothic scene and all those things. And I want to tell you something, I wasn't crossing the street. I was staying as far away from that crowd as I could cuz you could feel the you could feel the spirit that was identified with. But see, I didn't have to go ask them. You Well, who are you identifying with? You know, you see somebody dressed up in their their cowboy boots and their blue jeans and all these things and you know, who are they identifying with? What are they? I'm not knocking those. Yeah, don't be like the Gothic. But you know, sometimes you see that, right? You know, if I walked out here and I was wearing a fireman's suit, you'd be going like, "What are you doing? You're supposed to be a preacher of the gospel." Amen. Not a fireman or whatever. Amen. We're here to start fires, not put them out. Okay? That's the idea. It's to start a fire, not to put it out. Right? Amen. So, but you can identify somebody by that image that they're manifesting, how they're dressing, and and so forth. So if somebody's dressing like the world, right? What are they identifying with? Very good. What are they manifesting? What is what is people seeing in them? In fact, it says in first Peter the first chapter the 14th verse says this. And as obedient children, not fashioning yourselves according to the form of lust in your ignorance. And so we're not supposed to, you know, there's a time that we were ignorant. My father-in-law was ignorant of the Playboy Bunny. He shouldn't be anymore, right? He's probably forgotten that was a long time ago. But uh you know not fashioning yourselves the way maybe you once lived the things you once did that were once okay. You know you're not fashion yourself that. You're not fashion yourselves like the world. Amen. You don't you don't fashion yourself one way to come to church on Sunday and another way to go to school or to go to work on Monday. Right? That that would be a makeeliever. We you know that that fashion is identified as a makebeliever. But but so you're not fashioning yourselves according to the form of lust these other things. And that word fashion is to conform to the to some pattern or the same pattern. Fashion yourselves according to something else. And so we're not doing that. Amen. You have to wonder sometimes when you see these fashions that the world is is manifesting, where did those fashions come from? Where did where did skinny jeans come from? Who got the idea I'm going to wear my pants really really tight? Not a not a well-rounded preacher. not a well-rounded preacher like me. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. That's the father. But, you know, sometimes you you have to ask yourself, you know, you sisters, before you put on a tight, you know, tight clothes, what is this manifesting? Who's this identifying with before you put on mascara, who is this identifying with, brothers? before you, you know, uh, you get your mop head haircut, you know, they anymore, they said, "Well, you know, it's short on the sides and so forth, but up here it's it's all mopped up. I got a young man come to our church and he's not a Christian. He's been in church all his life, but he's just not a Christian." And most time when he walks seeing, you can only see him from here down. I do not know how he sees where he's going. I do not know. I mean, you know, and and I hate it. I hate it. But I know that if if if I put him in a corner that, you know, he'll just he'll quit and not come back. So I, you know, I just keep on preaching. Lord, just just convict him. Amen. Cuz but a lot of people get this idea, well, it's short here, so you know, it doesn't matter that it looks like I got a mop stuck on top of my head if it's short on the side. But who is what is that image? Where did that come from? You know, he talked about these men and I don't I don't know if they're popular still anymore or not, but they used to wear they used to, you know, wear their saggy pants and so forth, you know, have their pants sagging way down. So, and understand that come from prison, right? You know what I'm talking about, right? Well, I don't want to be identified with that, right? I mean, we that's God has not called us to be identified with the things of the world, but be separate. Being different. Amen. It's all right to be different. It's all right. Amen. If we are oddballs in this age, I'd hate not to be an oddball in this age. I'd hate to to be mistaken for the world in this age that we're living in. Somebody's talked I was talking to somebody the other day and I talking about some of the places they were going to and and and and that that places that played bluegrass music and all this stuff. And I said I said, "Brother, I want to tell you something. when I was working, you know, and I'd go to these uh meeting with developers and contractors and all this stuff and we'd go out to eat or whatever and we were negotiating and they'd order wine and all these things and they'd be especially up in the northeast there every other word's a curse word. And I said, and I want to tell you something. I said it it was not my choice to go there. It was a part of my job, but I never ever was comfortable in that atmosphere. Amen. And you should be scared if if you can dive into the things of the world and you're comfortable in the things of the world. You we a believer should never just be comfortable out here in a pig pin. Amen. That's not where we belong. Brother Brandham talked about, you know, said it wouldn't surprise me at all if I drove down the road and seen a a pig on a on a manure pile eating manure. But he said if I ever seen his sheep, you know, because we shouldn't that's that's not who we are, right? Amen. So, we need to be we need to guard what we do. Amen. We need to guard where we go. We need to gu be on guard. Be sober. Be vigilant for your adversary, the devil. He's looking for that opportunity. He's looking for a place to try to come in into an individual's life. Amen. A scripture, you know, the scripture very well. These are these are familiar scriptures to you. Amen. Romans the se the 12th chapter, the second verse says, "And be not conformed to this world. Now, I'd like I'd love just to ask some denominational Christians, what does that right there mean to you? Whenever you're when you dress like everybody else, you look like everybody else. What does that scripture right there mean to you? Be not conformed to this world, but be transformed to the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Amen. So, what we're conforming to again proves who we're serving. Amen. And so, we're not supposed to conform to the world. Our music shouldn't conform to the world. Our fashion shouldn't conform to the world. We're supposed to be different. Amen. And I believe that as dark a as the darkness continues to take over, Amen. Your light is going to shine brighter. Amen. Your difference is going to be magnified. Right. Amen. We we know that here uh the the the Pope just passed away and they're in a conclave now trying to figure out who's who's going to be that next and and and hope for the last one. and could be the manifestation h of the antichrist in our age. Amen. The the embodiment. We, you know, that's what we're looking at. But but you know, this this Pope Francis when he passed away, the LGBT community, they were they honored him. They honored him because he was the first pope, a man, that opened up the doors for homosexuality in the Catholic Church and saying it was acceptable and okay. You know, again, the later it gets, the closer we get to leaving, the darker the world is going to be, the brighter you should shine, the bigger the difference is going to be. You know, be like if I was up here and I lit a match, well, you know, you wouldn't even hardly notice the light of that match in this brightly lit room. But if you turned out all the lights, then every eye would see the brightness of just that little old match. And that's what you and I are supposed to be in this hour. Amen. That people can see something different in us. Praise God. And I say, Lord, do do the work on me. Amen. Do the work in my life. But see what it is is humanity doesn't want to change to conform to God's image. We want to change the image of God. We want to bring the image of God down. Amen. To be like us. It's, you know, Romans the first chapter the 23rd verse and it says, "And changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man and to birds and to forfeited beasts and creeping things." I mean, so you know what? Instead of us, you know, we want to bring God down to our level instead of us we we can't get up to God's level. So, let's just let's just bring God down to our level that everything is okay or whatever. But, you know, you know, they weren't like God. They weren't like the word. And so they changed the image of the word. They changed the image of God. And and I I've lost count how many English translations there are of this book. That's right. I know that there's well over a hundred English translations of this book. I mean, it may be up in the hundreds now. I don't know. At one time it was it was 104, but I know it's it's a lot higher than that. Everybody's got their verse. Everybody's got their translations. You know, let's let's take out the the gender of it. Yes. Right. Amen. So, they've got all these different things. Amen. So, what they're doing is they're trying to change the image of God to suit them. Right. Amen. To become what they want it to be. Now, here's the thing is you've got to realize is that that Satan also has an image. That's right. Satan has an image and he wants to manifest that image. You, you know, you've seen some of these people that, you know, they go tattooed all over and they get implants where looks like maybe they got horns and, you know, they got their tongue that is split and they got piercings everywhere. And what is that? What in world would would cause someone that had a that was in their right mind to to to manifest that to to to portray that, right? you know that it has to be a spirit that is on the inside of that individual that is trying to manifest itself that's manifesting that image. Amen. And and and it just takes on that hideous look at Satan is trying to manifest himself greater in this hour than ever before. Oh my. So he's doing that. We know the the image of the the beast and so forth. Revelations the 19th chapter and it said that the beast was taken and him and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive in a lake of burning with fire and brimstone. So here it is. You know there's there's an image and people worship that image. Now that image, Amen. The or the word worship here, if you look this up in the Greek, you'll find out that it we talking about the pope, it says to kiss the hand. Worship here referenced in this book verse talking about that it is to kiss the hand. Who you know if you go in to see the pope, you're supposed to kiss the ring, right? Brother Brandon wouldn't he wouldn't go in to see the pope because he wouldn't get to bow down and kiss the ring. Amen. That was God that was preventing him. Amen. From going into that place. But here's the mark of the beast. Amen. The image of the beast. The mark is something that is carved or sculpt fashioned like uh uh into a form of something. So Satan wants to manifest his image through humanity today. and people that are taking on the image of not not just when I'm talking about somebody that is tattooed and and and got horn implants in and all this stuff, but the world looking like Satan. Amen. They're they're they're they're coming into that. Amen. They're they're coming into that place of worship of that. Brother Beam said in the message, turn on the light. He said, "One of these days something's going to happen. It's going to be too late. The people will take on the mark of the beast not even knowing what they're doing. They're not even going to know. Amen. And he says this in multiple places. They're not even going to they're going to take it. Amen. And he talked about you sitting in a trinitarian doctrine and these different things. Amen. That people were they were accepting that and they didn't even recognize what they were coming into. Amen. And so if they can take the mark of the beast without knowing it, they can also worship then the image of the beast without knowing it. That's right. Right. Amen. They can they can they can take on that image without knowing it. Right. And see that's what's happening in the world is they're taking on the image. They're worshiping the image. Amen. It's t of the image of God. It's it's become Satan's manifestation in this hour. And people are conforming to that. Religion is conforming to that. Secular Christianity is conforming to that. Amen. They're becoming more like that. Brother Bam said in the message the token he says this different places he says you say what about the mark of the beast those who reject the holy ghost is already marked by the beast the punishment will come later see it he said hey whenever all of a sudden the holy ghost you pour out said so did the mark of the beast amen because they started rejecting it and by rejecting it they were taking the mark of the beast and to reject amen to to defame or refuse that holy ghost the holy spirit amen then it becomes amen the unpardonable sin. I mean, so they were taking the mark of the beast. They didn't even realize what was going on, what was happening. Amen. But we're living in an age that God has given us revelation. He has given us truth. Amen. That we're not supposed to be deceived by these things that are happening. Amen. That we're not conforming to the image of the world, but that God is working on us. He's doing a work. He's changing us, right? God is He's doing a work changing us. I mean, I hope I hope you can say, "Yeah, he's changing me." Amen. I'm Thank God I'm not what I used to be. I may not be what I ought to be, but I'm not what I used to be. Praise the Lord. That's the way it should be. Amen. Maybe there's still things in your life, Amen, that need to be corrected or need to be worked on, but thank God you're not what you used to be. Amen. You're not in the things that you used to be into. Amen. So, God is doing the work of changing us. And Colossians the 3 chapter the 8th verse says but now you also put off these but now ye also put off all these anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth. Lie not one another and see that ye have put off the old man with his deeds and have put on the new man which is renewed, made new in knowledge after the image of him that created him. And so there's a change that takes place. Yeah. Once I once I I I acted like the world, I talked like the world. I I enjoyed the things of the world. I was in the world. Amen. I wasn't raised in the message. I was raid raised a a Methodist. And I did every dirty rotten thing that I could find to do in the in the little bitty nowhere town uh of Rugby, USA. Amen. You know, he was I I so and I enjoyed. I looked for that. Amen. But thank God one day, Amen. there come a change in my life. Amen. And I could no longer go back to those things. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new a new creature, a new creation, a new species. The old things, amen, are passed away. Behold, all things become new. The things that I once were involved in the ones I was attracted to, the image that I once tried to manifest. Amen. Now, all that was being changed. Amen. And it was the change was taking place in my life. Praise God. He was doing a work in me. And it was I was being made new in knowledge. Renew in your mind. Not being conformed to this world, but being transformed, but the renewal of your mind in the knowledge after the image of him that created him. Amen. So human knowledge is flawed. I I without a doubt you can date some of these young people that's been around the message and they can explain everything to you, but yet they still aren't in that image because they're doing it with a flawed. They're trying to do it with a flawed knowledge. But God has to do a change. There has to be a change that takes place on the inside of us for us to bear the image of Christ. Amen. He does the work. Now, Romans 8:29, I love this verse. One of my favorite verses. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the first born among many brethren. Amen. So, he predestinated us to be conformed to the image of Jesus Christ. Amen. That was Christ is the pattern. The word is the pattern. He's the standard. He's what we're He's what we're aiming for him. You you you're not aiming to be like Lindsey McGra. You're aiming You're aiming is to be the manifested word, right? Is the word in this hour. Praise God. Is to come into his image. Praise God. And not just the image of the world and not the things of the world. And the things of the world that h are in us, they should be they those things should be falling away from us. Praise God. Amen. Amen. I don't know why the Lord led me this direction. Maybe maybe the devil's been tempting you to to dabble with the things of the world. Amen. Well, I'm telling you, don't do it. Amen. Because when Satan can convince you, Amen. to start taking on the things of the world, a little bit here and a little bit there, all of a sudden he's painting the picture of you. Amen. You're on his eel and he's painting the picture. He's putting his image on you instead of the image of almighty God. Second Peter the uh the 1st chapter the fourth verse says whereby given us exceeding great and precious promises that's the word that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Amen. So here's the divine and that divine in the Greek is whatever can in any aspect be liked like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like li like like unto God or resembles him in any way and to be a partaker is to share you're sharing in that very nature amen it is given us this this word is given unto us amen to bring us into the image of Jesus Christ praise God the promises God these the the revelation of this promised word to produce a divine image of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's what that's what we're looking for. Amen. That we, you know, that we might be identified with him. Amen. Not identified with the world. Praise the Lord. You know, listen, a little word, a little word with the traditions of man produces a Baptist, a Methodist, a Pentecostal. A megaurch believer. That's the big thing today is the mega church, right? All these mega churches popping up out here. Amen. Where the the pastor gets up in his tennis shoes and his blue jeans. I hope Brother Ron's not doing F. I am. Forgive me, brother. But you know, that's what they're doing, right? You know, and so Amen. But that's that's what a a little word Yeah. with a lot of tradition of men will produce exactly that. Amen. It's kind of like if you if we took a puzzle, if I if I had a piece of puzzle up here, I could I could hand that piece of puzzle around some somebody tells me what the picture what this what this puzzle is. Well, you couldn't identify what that piece of the pu or from that one piece of puzzle what the puzzle is, right? I mean, you you couldn't do it. I mean, you look at that one piece, you know, one person say, "Well, you know, it's going to be a picture of some clouds in the sky." No, no, no, it's water and waves. and somebody say, "No, it's a car." Whatever. You know, you you'd have all your ideas, but you couldn't you couldn't make it out from that one little piece. Amen. But all of a sudden, you start taking multiple pieces. Amen. Now, you know, you could take multiple pieces and you could take pieces from another puzzle and start trying to put them together and you still are not going to get the right picture. In fact, they're not even going to fit together. Right. Right. They're they're not they're not going to they're not going to you're not going to get a picture. Amen. But you got to take amen the the full puzzle, the revealed puzzle. Amen. That the pieces are are revealed. Amen. And then it begins to make the picture. Praise God. You begin to see the picture and what it what it is manifesting. Amen. What is becoming and the revealed word, the revealed word, it will produce the word. That's what it's going to do, right? It's not going to produce the world. It's not going to produce something that's half the world. Amen. And and and and half a believer, not some hybrid or something. But the the revealed word is going to produce Yes. the word. Praise God. Amen. It's not. Now, listen. It I don't believe that the word it's going to produce the image of Jesus Christ, which is the word we know. But it's not going to produce a Pharisee. That's right. Oh, those Pharisees, man, they had they they thought they had all the the word all figured out, you know, how to dress, how to live, how to act. But yet, they were so hard. They were white and supplers, but on the inside, they were full of death, right? Full of dead man's bones. Amen. And and and and you know, you somebody can they cannot miss a church service. Oh my. They can look the perfect image on the outside, Amen. of of what a believer should look like, but on the inside, they're full of bitterness and full of hardness. That is not the image of Christ. Because not only is it going to look and manifest itself properly, it's going to act as it should. Right? I mean, it is going to manifest the love of Jesus Christ to other people. That's what we're supposed to do. It is not my job just to judge other people. But we we we you know, Jesus said, "You shall know the tree by the fruit that it bears." That's right. In other words, what it's producing is you're going to it's going to identify what it is, right? But but people don't need me to judge them. Amen. They need me to show them what truth is. Manifest what truth is. Now, if I'm arrogant, Yeah. then I'm just as bad off as they are. Because I am proud of what I know. And I'm going to tell you something. If it wasn't for Jesus Christ, I wouldn't know anything. That's right. If it wasn't for him, I didn't go looking for him. I didn't say, you know what, I didn't wake up one day and say, you know what, I believe that today I'm going to instead of just going to the Methodist church, I'm going to seek out truth. Absolutely not. He come looking for me. He come looking for me. Amen. Amen. I wouldn't even know where to start at. I I was so ignorant. Amen. I still am ignorant. Amen. But he found me. He changed me. Praise God. And all I can do is brag about him. That's all I can say. He did it. Amen. As Paul said, if there be any good thing in me, it's it's him. It's not me. Because in me dwelleth no good thing. Amen. It's not what I can do. It's what Jesus Christ does in you. Amen. And if it's going to make us arrogant, if it's going to make us proud, if it's going to make us look down our nose as somebody else, brother said, don't you ever let that arrogant spirit come around you. That's what he's saying. Amen. So, we got to be careful. Amen. That you know what? Hey, I can worship God just as much in a nice beautiful church. Amen. or I can worship God just as much down here in a storefront building. Right. Right. Amen. Because that's that's God. He's God. Whether I'm we're in a nice church or where we're down on the street corner or where we're in a a storefront building or whatever, he's still God. Amen. It doesn't change. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad? Praise God. So, we realize, Lord, it is it is not us, but it is you. And it is not me producing the image. Amen. All I can do is reyield to him and he does. He does it right. He He changes us. Praise God. The scripture said over there can can a leopard change his spots. They they can't do it no more than we can. We can't change oursel either, right? Amen. But the Lord can change it. Amen. And we know that the revealed word, he come to produce the word in us, not to make us Pharisees. That's right. Religious Pharisees. Listen. 2 Corinthians the 3rd chapter in the 18th verse. Excuse me. I don't know why it's so dry out here. It says there in the 2 Corinthians 3rd chapter the 18th verse says, "But we all with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord." Now, you look over there and you probably see maybe somewhere in the margins of your Bible, maybe it says in a mirror, we're looking into a mirror. We're looking into a mirror, right? Amen. And are changed into the same image from glory to glory even as by the spirit of the Lord. And so we're looking into the mirror of the revealed word and seeing that's what he's changing us into by his spirit. Right? Again, if you know, if I thought, well, you know, you know what? It's it's my intellect. I've figured this out. I've studied this and so forth. Well, that would be me. Amen. But I can't do that. Amen. That would mean, you know, somebody that's got a limited IQ like me of 85 or whatever. Amen. I said that the other night in our church and some brother looked over. I said, "Is that good? And the whole back row cracked up and I'm like, "What are they laughing at? I'm trying to preach the gospel here." And uh but you know, we if you know, Mike, oh yeah, I got something I can brag about myself cuz I figure this thing out. No, it's the spirit of the Lord changing you into the revealed word. Amen. It's his spirit doing it. If you've got revelation, thank God. Amen. That the word is being given to you as revelation to change you. Amen. For what you once were into the image of Jesus Christ in this last hour. Praise God. The image of the bride, the image of the word. Amen. It is not you. Oh my. The message Brother Baron preached to the invisible union of the bride of Christ. He says a true preacher, the true picture of the modern church today. Neither does the modern church want any of these screaming, shouting, tongue speaking. Acts 2:38 youngans around her. Yeah. Yeah. See, yeah. She don't want any of them whooping and crying and screaming. How Amen. Hallelujah. Why such a child would immediately put her out of her denomination? They had one uh they had one like that in one of the churches. Why? They would throw her out right quick. Why you let such things as this go on? He says, "You see, she's pregnantated with something because she's bringing forth members all the time, but she want she don't want none of them screaming, hollering, babbling too, Acts 2:38 miserable creatures that she thinks they are. It would certainly embarrass her. It would ruin her educated, ethical, scientific society, church that she belongs to here. They would throw her out at the next council. She can't she can't have it. So she doesn't want it to be pregnantated with the word because that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. What is the image that the word is going to produce? Amen. Amen. The spirit of God upon the word anointing the word is going to produce the life of Jesus Christ. And I'm going to tell you something. It may make you act somehow different than you've ever act. That's okay. Amen. Amen. It's okay. Amen. If all of a sudden you get you get caught up in the presence of God and you you forget about the bobby pins and they begin to fly, that's okay. Amen. You let God do what God needs to do in your life. You don't stop him. Amen. And you know what? Because he'll never take you out of order. He'll never take you out of the word. But whatever he does in you is to bring forth the word, right? It's not to say, "Well, you know what? Our church shouts more than the other church." Amen. God's not interested in that. Our in gold is not emotion. I know around I know around the message hour, you know, some people are all about the emotion, the emotion, the emotion, emotion. I said, you know, I'm okay with emotion. I'm fine with emotion, but that's not the goal. Emotion is not the goal. If the presence of God produces emotion, that's okay. That's wonderful. I love it. Amen. But it isn't my goal just to get you to stand on your feet and wave your hanky. Amen. My goal, Amen, is to get you closer into Jesus Christ. Amen. that he does something in your life. Amen. And then if you get beside yourself, so be it. Amen. He won't let you get out of order. Praise God. Amen. It ain't about who can jump the highs, who can scream the loudest. Amen. That is again, that's not the goal. The goal is that the image of Jesus Christ be produced in us. That the word be produced in us. That the word be manifested in us. Amen. in in the seven church ages, brother Ram says, "A good man out of the good treasures of heart bringeth forth good things, and an evil man out of the evil treasures bringeth forth evil things." Now, if a man is born of the word, being born again not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth in the body of forever, 1 Peter 1:23, he will produce the word. Amen. He will produce. That is what we're supposed to be producing. Yes. Whether it makes you shout or not, where it makes you fall on your knees and you weep. Hey, you know, I'm to the point I'd rather fall on my face and a tears flow like a river, amen, than to hop around the church. But either way, God wants it, I don't care. Amen. Amen. As long as it produces the word and the life of Jesus Christ in me that other people can see that. Amen. I want other people to be able to see Christ in me. Praise God. Because listen, I'm going to tell you something again. He's not going to the the and and that's what the devil's trying to produce. He's trying to produce a this hybrid image of religion and the world and trying to blend up. But you cannot be both. Amen. It's not going to be work. Amen. Even that's what the world tries. 1 Corinthians 10:20. But I say that the things that which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils and not to God. And I would not that you should have fellowship with devils. You cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of devils. You cannot partake of the Lord's table and of the table of devils. Amen. So you can't you you can't do both. Amen. Somewhere there's got to be a choice that you made like, hey, I've got my mind made up. Amen. I'm going to quit going to the fountain of the world. I'm going to quit turning to the things of the world. Amen. That are are producing the image of the world in me. But I want something that's going to produce the image of Jesus Christ in my life. Amen. The revealed word. Amen. You know, if God cared enough about you, listen, I know some of you, this is maybe all you've ever known and you was raised on a message pew. I wasn't. And so, I am thankful for God bringing me out. Amen. Bringing me out of those things of the world. Amen. I've got an appreciation because once I I wasn't a surfer, brother Ron. I wasn't that coordinated enough to do anything like that. I couldn't, you know, I couldn't chew a chewing gum walk at the same time. But listen, I I But God, Amen. He He got a hold of my whole life. Amen. Am I perfect? Absolutely not. I make mistakes. But I am glad, Amen. that whenever I do make the mistakes that the spirit comes along, gives me a spanking. And listen, you know, I remember my mom, she used to tell me and he says, "Yeah, when you was a kid, you got a spanking every day." Hey, not much has changed. I still get a lot of spankings, but I'm going to tell you something. I'm glad I get spanked because if you can go out here and play with the world and it's okay and you're not convicted, then that's a bad problem. You may be a bastard, not a son, right? So, yeah. Amen. We make mistakes. He recogn He knew that. He knew before he called you. Amen. No baby. Amen. We just had a baby dedication. Where's the baby at? That seemed like it's a Tennessee girl up here or something with a baby. you know, and and you know, here's that. That baby didn't come out eating steak. That baby didn't come out out here, you know, walked up here by itself. Said, "Hey, dedicate me, Brother Ron. That baby I mean, that baby didn't pick out his clothes. That baby didn't wipe its nose. That baby didn't feed itself." Amen. None of us do. Ain't right. Amen. But there's a growing pro. But it was still born. Not still born. It was It was born. It was born, right? Amen. It was born. You know, there's still people. Amen. They're still still born Christians, so to speak. Amen. But it was born and now it goes through a process of growing. It wasn't born matur wasn't born perfect. And you know what? Neither was you. Neither was I. Amen. It is a growing process. Amen. For the Hey, I I didn't come out of the Methodist church. Amen. Go in and get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Get the baptism of Holy Ghost. And the next day, I was the perfect picture of the revealed word of God. That was not it. Amen. But he's still working on me. He's still changing me. If you've been around me long enough, you saw my you've seen saw seen. You've seen amen my imperfections. You've seen my flaws. You've seen my mistakes. But I'm so glad that as a little child sings. Amen. He's still working on me to make me what he wants to be. What does he want me to be? He wants me to be conformed to the image. He predestined me to be conformed to the image of his dear son. Amen. That he might be the firstborn among many brethren. And praise God. Thank God. Lord, just keep doing the work. You got to yield yourself to his presence. Yield yourself to his spirit. Let him lead you, guide you. You know what? You you you let the spirit begin to lead you some. He leads you into all truth, which is producing the image, right? All truth produces the right image. And so, he's leading you. And as he leads you, amen, all of a sudden there's things maybe in your life that maybe you were comfortable doing last week, last year. Maybe even a person beside you is comfortable doing it. But all of a sudden, the Lord starts dealing with you. That no longer can you do that. You step up higher. And so that image becomes a little bit clearer. You know, if we walked out here and we weren't in the metropolis of of the Maricopa Valley. We were somewhere where we could look up and see some stars. You know, I could look up there and I could see, wow, look. Oh, there's some stars. There's some stars. Oh, there's some stars. That looks good. But then I pulled out of my pocket and said, "Brother Robert, oh wait, oh yeah, I can see more now." Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh, I see a consolation now. And you know, somebody says, "Well, here's some binoculars. Try these." I wow. Look. Oh. Whoa. Look at all Look. Wow. That's a planet. Look. And somebody says, "Well, forget that. Here's a here's a telescope." And you look down. Whoa. Oh, you know, I mean, if you all of a sudden the image starts getting clearer and clearer and clearer and clearer, and that's what God is doing. Amen. That's what he's doing in us. Amen. Oh, man. You might have, you might have walked out of the world looking like the world. You might have smelled like the world. Yeah. You might have talked like the world. You walked out of him, but all of a sudden, the Holy Spirit started revealing word to you and taking that word by the washing of the water of the word. Who's doing the washing? The spirit of God's doing a scrubbing on you. Doing a scrubbing on all of a sudden ain't bad. And the things that just once doing you, oh, I can't do that no more. The friends that you once was hanging around with, I can't hang around them no more. Right. Yeah. See again, cuz if you know you can hang around with it. Amen. You'll be like it. Amen. So that's what we God make us different. Amen. Let the word Amen. Let the spirit begin to take the word begin to work in our life. Amen. Producing. Amen. That you know, if I come back out here sometime and I if it's 6 months or it's a year, whenever I come back out here, I hope that you can see a difference in me that I'm more like Jesus Christ. Lord, that's the way it ought to be. That ought to be a progression in my life because I believe that I believe we're running out of time. Amen. Amen. I believe it's time. It's manifestation time. It's time for us to be manifestally declared the sons of God, right? Amen. that the manifestation of what we are begins to uh take place. Amen. You know, sometimes it may take a a catalyst in your life. You got to have something to get you off your seat. You got to get something to get you out of your your your place of of complacency, your seat of complacency. Amen. All of a sudden, amen. To draw closer to the Lord. You know, Lord might have to may be a sickness. It may be some I don't know. But the Lord knows how to get our attention. Amen. Lord knows how to do these things. Amen. And so, you know, we you as I said, you can't fellowship with the things of the world, be like the world and conform to the world and on on on on Monday or on Saturday and and and try to conform to God on it don't work that way. God sees that, right? He recognizes that. Brother Ram sent a message identification. Our character molds us to the image of what we are. Our character of the life that is in us. Now, you take a little germ of life, it if it's a germ of a bird, it'll produce a bird. If it's a germ of wheat, it'll produce a wheat. If a germ of corn, it'll produce corn. See, the life that is in it molds the character of it. Amen. Christ in you, the hope of glory, right? The word on the inside begins to manifest on the outside. Praise God. Amen. It begins to manifest in what we how we talk and how we act and how we treat others and and how we love one another. And amen. By this shall all men know that Jeremiah disciples because you have love one to another. Amen. So it be well know you're put not a part of my click or this click or that click you know so you know we're we're not going to associate with you. We're not going to fellowship with you. That's not the spirit of Christ. That's right. That is not it. Amen. Amen. He's changing us. Amen. Brother Bram said in the doors and the door he says therefore when we're born of above and all the sin is moved plum from across the chasm. It's the spirit of God that comes in the creator into our heart and he conducts our character. We don't lie, steal, cheat, honest, upright, walk like citizens of heaven. For we for we are that if we're born to the spirit of God. Amen. So, you know, the spirit of God begins to conduct our character. Amen. It's the Lord that begins to do these things. But you know what? You have to you have to yield to him, right? You've got to allow him. You've got to give him the liberty and the opportunity, Amen, to work through you and in you and do what he wants to do. the brother Bram said the the that the Holy Ghost was a gentleman. I mean, he's not going to force himself on you, but he also knows how to bring you to where he needs you to be. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Lord, do it if you got to do it. Whatever you got to do. I might be stubborn. I might be hard-headed, but Lord, whatever you got to do to bring me around, Lord, you do, you bring me around. First, I'm going to John the 3rd chapter the 21st verse. He said, "But he that doeth truth cometh to the light that his deeds may be made manifest that they are wrought in God." That that what we're doing, the deeds that we're manifesting are wrought in God. Now, there's people that love darkness better than light because their deeds are evil, right? I mean, they don't want it to be exposed. They don't want it to be in a light. Amen. But, you know, they that that doeth the truth or that that doeth truth, Amen. that has the word cometh to the light. Praise God. Because their deeds are are not their own. Their deeds are wrought of God. Amen. It's God that is doing the work. So if God is doing the work in me, how can I take credit for it? Because if I want to take credit for what God is doing in my life, then I say, "Well, you know what? He don't deserve the glory. I deserve the glory." And I want to tell you something. That would be a bad thing to do. Amen. God stops right there. Amen. In the message infallible proof of resurrection, brother Bram says and the spirit of God in you manifest the life of Jesus. The spirit of God in you manifests the life of Jesus. So that's the image that is going to be produced by the spirit of God is going to be the word, right? Amen. It's going to produce that just like the main spring in a watch that ticks and every part of it moves just exactly the right. It controls your emotions. It controls your habits. It controls your senses. It controls your faith. It is the main spring, the Holy Spirit in the middle of your heart controlling you. Amen. So, you know what it's doing is it's controlling things when we allow him to. And it produces Jesus Christ. It produces it manifests the life. It manifests the word. Praise God. Amen. I got to get down here close real quickly. Amen. I was going longer than I thought I would. Amen. So, Brother Bam sent a message. What does what does take to make a Christian? What does it take to make a Christian life? He said the Holy Spirit will make every movement like Christ. It'll make you Christlike. The fruits of the spirit. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith. Those things are what the Holy Spirit controls our emotions. Holy Spirit brings you into the operation are in control of God. That you walk in peace and in love and in joy and longsuffering and goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience. It isn't something that you do. It's something the Holy Spirit does in you. It's no longer an intellectual thought of your own. It's a subconscious moving of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Moving the word. Amen. Producing the word. Have you ever thought, hey, let's go out here to the to the the field where the sheep are and you know, let's say, hey, hey, sheep, you know, what are you doing to produce that wool? Well, let me think here. I'm going to, you know, if I really were think about it hard today, I'll grow I'll grow a millimeter of wool today. If I really, if I really take thought about if I root, no. Because of the nature, because of what it is, it produces wool. Amen. Amen. The believer, Amen. filled with the spirit of God. Amen. They're going to produce the word of almighty God. It becomes a subconscious act of you. It's no longer you have to think about it, right? Amen. You know, if you've ever ever taken on some kind of new hobby or whatever it is, and and maybe you needed is something that required some coordination and and I I don't know. Let me let me let me guess. Uh uh what is that stuff that y'all play? I hear pickle ball or whatever. You know, you you get that little paddle and you know, you have to think about what I got to stay out of the kitchen. I thought, what's the kitchen? Where's the kitchen? Yeah. You know, what is that? You know, you know, you're over here. No, it's not your turn ball. You know, you got to be over here. You got to serve over there. Whatever. And you know, you're thinking about, oh man, we got I got to do this and I got to do that. And you're just sitting there going like, well, I don't know what to do. Where to go next? You know, get out of the kitchen. I'm in a kitchen. Don't be in a kitchen. You can't hit the ball in the kitchen. And I'm like, what? And you just, you know, you're just c I got to do. I I got But you know, after you've done it a few times, man, you're at home in the kitchen, whatever the kitchen is. You know, you you know, you know what to do. You don't have to ask somebody, "What am I supposed to do? Where am I supposed to go?" It becomes a part of it, right? I mean, you you know what you're doing, but you I I think they they call that what muscle memory or whatever. You know, you all of a sudden, you know, I I years ago at the office, I went out to play golf with the mayor and all I was all I was on a golf course was entertainment and a liability. Entertainment and liability cuz you didn't know who I was going to hit or what I was going to hit or whatever, you know. And you know, I get up there and I'm like, "Okay, you know, okay, keep your head down." Okay. Hey, you know, keep your arm straight, do this, do that. You know, I'm thinking about it and I missed the ball because all I was thinking about it because, you know, you you hadn't developed the muscle memory, right? I give it up a long long time ago because all it does was frustrate me. And I didn't need to be a frustrated Christian. And so I just give it up. I, you know, I forget this, forget that. And uh and you know, I guess, but you know, you get to the point there's a muscle memory there that you don't have to think about. And as a believer, right? A minute, it gets to the point as brother Bam said here, you get to the place all of a sudden it's a spirit of God operating in you. You know how to yield yourself to the spirit. You know how to let him take control. Right? Listen, I I I didn't I didn't go study figure out how to be a preacher. I didn't go, you know, let me read a book about how to be a preacher. Let me, you know, take a course on how to be a preacher. You know, it was it was simply yielding to the spirit, to the anointing, and letting him do the work. Amen. And he can do the work when we yield to him, right? Amen. So, he wants to work in you. He wants to manifest his presence, his attributes, his character in your life. Amen. But you got to yield to him. Amen. The Holy Ghost will make every movement like Christ. It'll make you Christlike. Praise God. So listen, what we manifest declares who is our father. That's right. 1 John the 3rd chapter the 10th verse. In fact, let me look here. A few musicians will come on back. 1 John 3r chapter the 10th verse says, "In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil. Whosoever doth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother." So he's saying here, you know what? They they can say they're a Christian all they want to. They say they're a believer all they want to. But if they don't do righteousness, God is not their father. They are not producing his image. They're not bearing his image. They're not identified with him. So you know it's it is the to be like is there is resembling. Amen. You're they they're not like him. But it says here first John the third chapter the second verse just down at the second verse. It says, "Beloved, how are the sons of God now? Are we the sons of God? And it does not yet appear what we shall be. Now, here's John writing. It does not yet appear what we shall be because the fullness of the word had not been manifested. So, we don't know. He said here, right? We don't know what what we're going to look like all the way down here to, you know, we haven't got the full the fullness of revelation. It does not yet appear what we shall be. But we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. He's going to be revealed according to Luke 10 uh excuse me, Luke 17:30. Amen. When the son, even when the shall be in the days when the son of man is revealed in our day, our time, he's revealing himself. And now it is appearing what we're going to be. We're going to be like him because he's going to take word by his spirit and produce his image. Hallelujah. Thank God. I say, Lord, I could never do it. No matter how hard I tried, no matter how determined I am, I could never ever do it. If you don't do it in me, it'll never happen. But he knew that I couldn't do it. He knew that you couldn't do it. He said, "I'm going to give you revealed word. I'm going to give you revelation." Amen. And then I'm going to take my spirit on that revealed word sir. And it's going to produce the image of Jesus Christ in the last day when the world is going insane. And when the world is looking more filthy and more ungodly and doing more corruption in this wicked evil evil age like that little lily down there in the mire of that that pond down in the mud and the mire. How could anything good come out of that wicked mire? Filth of mud of that pond and all of a sudden that that that that little lily becomes starts rising through the mud. Amen. It begins to start rising through that stagnated water. Amen. Up to the top and that beautiful bloom comes forth. It was something that was inside of that lily. Amen. Amen. They didn't have to think about it. It was something that was being produced in it. Praise God. And that's what God is going to do in us in this age. I said, "Oh God, let it be. Let it be, Lord. God, pull me through the mire of Vladia. Amen. pull me through the mire and the filth of this age that we're living in. See, I used to have the thought, well, you know what, Lord, if I could if I could move somewhere to maybe the Rocky Mountains up in Canada or somewhere and just get a cabin and live in a cabin, man, I could live this thing. You ever thought like that? Am I the only person that's ever thought like that? Yeah. Yeah, if I could just get away from everybody, not be exposed to all these things. So, oh, I could live this thing. But you know what? He's revealed that in the filth, he's going to produce a bride. He's going to produce his image. It ain't going to be locked away in a cabin somewhere, but it's going to be right here in the filth of Latia. There's a bride, AJ. Amen. There's a bride that's coming forth bearing not just the image but the very character of Christ the word not hard not critical not judgmental but the love of Jesus Christ when everybody else is hating one another and when everybody else is screaming out they're getting on their social platforms and screaming out and and spewing bitterness and hatred toward everybody else in the midst of all that God is going to produce the image of Jesus Christ. I say, Lord, let that be in me, Lord. God, do that work. Can we just stand to our feet tonight? Lord, do the work. Do the work in me. Amen. Amen. One last quote here from the seven church ages. Brother Beam said, "They and the bride will be so much like him that they will even be in his very image." This is in order to be united with him. They will be one. They will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God. They will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God. Denominations cannot produce this the wrong seed. Amen. Amen. Whose image are we bearing? Amen. Yield to Jesus Christ. Heavenly Father, we just come right now bowing our hearts before you, Lord. I know some here maybe have had a difficult week. Maybe they've had a difficult uh uh uh uh Wednesday, Lord. Maybe their life is full and they don't have time to stop and and and to just enter into your presence, Lord. But God, some of them have come out tonight, Lord, and they're here, Lord. Whenever they they could have probably been doing a lot of other things, Lord, at home, but Lord, because they come out here tonight, Lord, would you just let your spirit just sweep over? Yes, Lord. and the word that is on the inside, that revealed word, Lord, let the spirit of God just begin to woo over it, dear Lord Jesus. Let it just begin to warm up that word, oh God, in their heart that it begin to produce you, Lord. Not all the anxiety of everything that's going on around us, Lord. when the world is going insane, Lord, let us just draw near to you. And God, you produce that. Lord, your spirit just begin to produce. Lord, I don't care if in my life it's a shout, if it's a tear, Lord, as long as it's the word. As long as it produces the word, Lord, I don't care. Long as it produces your character, Lord, I don't care. Dear God, do that, Lord. Because so many times I find myself a failure, a failure as a father, as a a husband, as a pastor. Lord, as a Christian, as a believer, Lord, do the work that I cannot do. Do the work in these believers that Lord, none of us can do ourselves. Lord, if if we could do it, then Lord, you wouldn't have had to come. But we couldn't. You had to come to show us the word to be the word to become we might become the word Lord and that it be operated by your spirit. Grant it Lord in this assembly Lord the hearts maybe that are hurting the hearts that don't know which way to turn. Maybe they got those that have decisions to make dear Lord that they don't know the answers to. Lord we know that you have the answer that they can turn to you. they can yield to you, dear Lord Jesus, and that God, you can guide, you can lead. Lord, grant it, Lord. We thank you. We praise you, Lord. Maybe there's somebody here that is suffering. Maybe there's somebody that's got a a a diagnosis from the doctor that was less than desirable. Lord, we're just praying that God, you would come and minister to them and bring your healing virtue them because, Lord, healing is still in your word. It's still a part of who you are and it's part of what we manifest, Lord Jesus. That we can lay hands on the sick, dear Lord. That we can do these things as believers that these signs shall follow us, Lord. That we can do the works that you did and greater works because you go into your father. Lord, we believe it. We thank you. We praise you, Lord. Let us begin to manifest these things in this hour. Lord, I praise you. I appreciate you. I need you. In Jesus precious, holy name we pray. We ask. God bless you church. Amen. Amen. In my life Lord be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today and in this church Lord be glorified. will be glorified in this church. Lord, be glorified today. And in your praise, Lord, be glorified. will be glorified in your right be glorified in my home. In my home Lord be glorified. will be glorified in my oh be glorified. Everything I say and do. In everything that I say and I do, be glorified. will be glorified in everything that I say and I do. Be glorified in my life, Lord. In my life, Lord, be glorified. will be glorified in [Music] life be glorified to [Music] blessed be your name Lord Jesus we love you have your Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Sing that [Music] tonight. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see the beauty that made this heart adore you. All of a life spend with you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together [Applause] wonderful. King of all things. Oh so highly exalted glorious in [Music] [Applause] [Music] heaven to the earth you ced all for sake became here I am to worship Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovey. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonder. All to me. I'll never know how it cross to see myself on that cross. I'll never know how much it was to see my s upon that cross. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, alltogether worthy, all together wonderful to me. [Music] That was refreshing tonight. It's all about him. Yes, it is. Producing an image in you manifesting an image that others might see Christ. Help us, Lord, that we bear that image that others would say there's something different about you. That's right. Yes. If we don't stand out from the crowd or something different, there's something wrong somewhere. [Music] Because Israel never fit in. That's right. When they tried to fit in, they were choosing captains to go and be like the Philistines and be like the and the Sodommites and the different ones that lived around them. That was their problem. They began to integrate all this stuff of the world into their worship and it defiled them. God help us. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this evening. What a pleasure it's been to be at church once again, hear his word, ministering to our hearts, telling us where we come from, where we're going, and what God is doing in your life. He's manifesting himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, I thank you, Lord. Yes. that you place this thought of manifesting the image of God in our brother Lindsay's heart. Father, the scriptures, the quotes, every one of them fitting so perfectly together. Father, realizing that that's what it's all about. It's you, Lord, wanting to manifest your life in our lives. I pray heavenly father as we are drawing to the close of all of humanity. The time is so very quickly going by and we know that the world is coming into the image of their father. More and more reprobate minds. Why? All this confusion. They don't know a man from a woman. Father God, they've been turned over to uh a repbate mind that they might believe a lie and be damned. Oh God, I pray if that be so about them, then what about us? A pure mind, a holy mind, a Christlike mind. Let this mind that was in Christ be in you. Oh Father, I pray you will just draw us closer to that image, oh father, that we will manifest the word of God for this hour. We thank you, we praise you, we ask these things for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right, let's sing one more song here. You got another song, brother? I'm in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever been. Let's sing it again. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Oh, falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever in his arms. I feel protected. In his arms, I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather falling in love. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with [Music] Jesus was the best thing I've ever Amen. Go in that name [Music] tonight. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Oh yeah. [Music]
