################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-21 - Redemption Through Blood - Bro. Steven McNeilly - Steven McNeilly.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-21
Title:    Redemption Through Blood - Bro. Steven McNeilly
Speaker:  Steven McNeilly
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8wlWAAT2lo
========================================

Description:
2025-04120 Sunday Morning Evening
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] He holds my future and life is worth a living just because. Let's stand and sing the chorus this morning when we welcome him today. Because he lives tomorrow because he will. Oh, here [Music] is he. [Music] Hold the future. I like his word because he lives. Amen. Are you glad he lives this morning? Amen. Where does he live? He's not in an empty grave this morning. He lives in the hearts of his people this morning. Let's give the Lord a hand clap. I praise him. Amen. The tomb now is empty. The stone has been rolled away. Let's sing that this morning. I'm glad we have a savior and an empty tomb this morning. Amen. Let's worship the Lord today and we'll give him thanks and praise. The now is empty. The storm is rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death is [Music] [Applause] conquer Christ is alive in the present. testimony today. Now is my soul is glor and Christ is alive with my heart and [Music] death at the heart of Christ is alive in my heart. [Music] Hallelujah. We can say amen to that today. Amen. He's alive and well, living in me to tell this morning. Oh, he's alive and well. He's living in me. the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today. Jesus is alive and Amen. our our needs that we'd like to bring to you this morning that we can all pray together. And if you got a prayer request on your heart, God's mindful of the needs today. Amen. We have a several requests and several praise reports this morning. Uh first, our praise reports. We're thankful for what God's doing in our midst. Sister Anita Hogwin says this morning, I want to give God thanks for being with me yesterday. My car broke down and I thought it was the transmission. I prayed over my car and it was only a cable clip that had come loose. God is so good. He is awesome and he's there for all things and I say amen to that this morning. Amen. Brother Steven McNeely, ministering for us this morning. He would like to thank the Lord for being with Miles this week at school. Miles had some grapes in his mouth and he choked. They had to do the himlick on him and he was all was well. So, thank the Lord for being with Miles for that. Amen. Want to um it's good to have Cedric and Christine here today. They're asking for traveling mercies back home. Several people traveling today. One remember sister Sandy in South Africa for the services there in their travels. Sister Ramona Aldco says please pray for my son-in-law Dwayne. Dwayne is starting chemotherapy and radiation on Monday and may the Lord uh help him and his family through this difficult time. So let's remember Dwayne and his family. Brother Paul Maple is asking request for his daughter Emerald that God would deliver her and give her a relationship with him. So let's remember Emerald today the Lord touch him her excuse me. Sister Josie Robless says please pray for Dolores Delgado. Dolores needs a kidney transplant. So let's remember this this lady. The Lord would touch her and make a way for her. Sister Nancy Tempy is going to be having a minor surgical procedure tomorrow around noon. Please pray that all goes well and that Sister Nancy will continue uh on the track for further testing towards a final re resolution for her condition. So let's remember Sister Nancy. The Lord will continue to touch her. Brother Chris Roine is going to be having eye surgery on Tuesday at 8:00 in the morning. Want to remember him and he appreciates our prayers. Let's remember brother Chris for this eye surgery. The Lord will be with them and guide the surgeon's hands. Sister Becky Menard says this morning, "We want to thank you for the prayers for Sister Lorie Snow. Sister Lori is out of ICU and she is progressing well. Please continue to pray for Sister Lori to be able to eat enough food to get the feeding tube removed and that her kidneys would start to improve. She's currently on dialysis three times a week. God has been so merciful and we thank him for all that he has done for Sister Lorie." Also, Brother Ry's eye surgery went very well. Thank you, Sister Becky Manard. We thank the Lord for what he's doing for Sister Lori. May he continue. Do you have a need today? He's alive today, saints. He's alive. He's a healer. And whatever your need is, claiming today in his name. Let's sing it one more time. He's alive and well. Living in me to tell the world that he's the same. Oh, he's alive and well. Oh, living in me to death. Brother Andy Bernard, will you lead us in prayer? Andy is the [Applause] same. He's the same [Music] yesterday and forever. Jesus is alive. Amen. I want to remember the Garby's too as they went to Washington to take care of brother Sean's brother. Let's remember them as well. You pray with brother Andy. You had to call me today. It's good to testify. Uh you know I I tell people I believe the greatest testimony to every believer should be your own life. [Music] If it isn't, then you haven't yielded yet. I know everybody's is different, but God changed my life on Easter Sunday. Thank you, Lord. In 1984, so I'm not as old as I look. That I'm just 41. So, but let's pray. Lord, we we're so thankful that you gave each of us a a seed of faith, Lord. Lord, a little look of fire, Lord. Maybe today you'll kindle that fire, Lord. And you gave us a mission to go out into the world to be salty, to be a shining light. Lord, today we're going to hear the word and Lord, maybe we'll shine a little brighter. Maybe we'll be a little saltier. Lord, I I ask that you would fulfill your word through the lives represented here. We thank you for the praise reports, the prayer requests. We know that you're working, Lord, even if we don't see it, Lord. But maybe if we'd stop once in a while, we could recognize, wow, there really is something happening around me. Lord, ask today that it'd just be an appointed time that we could receive, Lord, cuz we're in a dark age. Lord, your prophet said, "The world's falling apart." He wasn't kidding. Lord, help us to walk out the doors better today. Bless our brother Steven as he, I'm sure, has labored. Pray that you'd help him to deliver what you put on his heart. Lord, we ask your grace. We ask your favor today for this service. as we give it to you now. Take control. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Somebody next to you and tell them, "God bless you today." Shake their hand. I want to welcome our guests. We have several visitors today. Want to welcome the pages here today. And Sister Gloria has her granddaughter here, Alana Barker. We want to welcome her today. Some might be seen for a little while. We want to welcome you back. And it's good to have our guests and her visitors. Ray and Lori Ro. It's good to have you guys here today. God bless you today. Amen. It's good to have the Lord here today. Amen. Where would we be without the Lord Jesus Christ in our lives? Amen. I serve a risen Savior. He lives. He lives. Where does he live? In the hearts of his children today. Amen. Let's worship the Lord today. We have several songs. Amen. I serve a risen savior. He's in the world today. I know that he is living whatever may say. I see his mercy. I hear his voice of just the time I need him. He's always here. He lives. He lives. Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me and walks to me. A long life away. He lives. He lives. salvation to him. You ask me, "Oh, he lives. He lives within my [Music] heart and all the world around his loving care and hope we never will despair. through all the stormy blast. The day of Jesus will come at the last he Christ Jesus today. He walks with me and talks with me away. He lives. He lives. Salvation to him. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives within my soul. Rejoice, rejoice, rejoice. Oh Christian, lift up your voice and singing. Hallelujah to Jesus Christ the king. [Music] is so lovely. So good morning with me and talks with me along my way. He lives salvation to him. You ask me how I know he lives. He lives with him my heart. Amen. Lord bless her. She sings today. And right after her, she'll sing. We'll have uh we have David, Deborah, Sister Deborah, and Sister Accasha, and Sister Perfect if they'll come sing right after Rachel sings today. Appreciate our song specials. May the Lord bless them today. Amen. [Music] You made a covenant with me. Signed by the blood that still speaks. Now I'm forgi. I'm called righteous. I'm made clean. There on the cross of Calary. You gave it all to purchase me. You are the Savior and the God who sets me free. And now my heart cries, this is my redeemer. With my whole life, I will give you praise and all the glory. To the one who's [Music] worthy. Because of Jesus, I have been changed. changed. You made a way for me to enter into your holy place forever. And now I'm hidden. I am covered. I found peace. And into your likeness you transform me, making me holy like you're holy. And it's not I who lives, but Christ who lives in me. And now my heart cries, "This is my redeemer. [Music] With my whole life, I will give you praise and all the gloryy to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have been changed. You bring freedom to the captives, good news to the poor, healing to the broken, and joy to those who mourn. You turn ashes into beauty. Ruins you restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. You bring freedom to the captives. Good news to the poor. Healing to the broken and joy to those who mourn. Turn ashes into beauty. The ruins you restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. Now my heart cries. This is my redeemer. with my whole life. I will give you praise and all the gloryy to the one who's worthy. Because of Jesus, I have been changed. Because of Jesus, I have been [Music] changed. Amen. Because of Jesus, we've been changed. Amen. David, Accasha, Deborah, and Perfect, if they'll sing for us now. Oh, mech. [Music] viewer is little [Music] Every [Music] [Applause] [Music] message is possible. Muhammed confus. [Music] [Music] She I tell a [Music] man. I tell a man. [Music] I for me. [Music] [Music] [Music] I tell a man [Music] [Music] shal. Amen. Thank you for that this morning. And I'm glad he holds my hand. And I do love him this morning. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. Let's sing the song. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Let's sing that. And then we have uh Rachel and Lydia and Lorissa. Our last song special this morning. Thank you for the cross this morning. Amen. Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. All my [Applause] shame you came and gave amazing gra. Thank you for this love. Lord we thank you today. Thank you [Music] for Thank you [Music] Lord. Now I know is your angry worthy he is to the lamb. You are so worthy today. Lord, we crown you. We crown you down with me. We raise victory. We lift you high. [Music] Oh [Music] Jesus. In my heart. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Sing the chorus one more time. [Music] Worthy, worthy is the lamb. The courses they [Music] come. Worthy is the seated on the throne. We crown you down with [Applause] me before. I am lifted up. I lifted up for Jesus. the [Music] crucify is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] [Music] outside. I hear them talking. Could it be it's me? They're mocking. An I for an I is all that matters anymore. Pilot put me in this prison. And I deserve what I've been gi. Life for life. That's the one I'm dying for. I caught the eye of a man who was beaten. I saw the truth. Even I believed him. Now I can tell from myself. Ooh, there are more. I hear them cry. released forever. In disbelief, I turned to Jesus. He looked at me and he said, "Go free. You're the one I'm dying for. For the one who is hurting and the one who has done wrong. For the one who needs healing and feels like hope is gone. For the weary who can't carry his cross anymore. You're the one. You're the one I'm dying for. [Music] For the one with all the questions and the one who just believes. For the one who casts the first stone and the one down on her knees. For the weary who can't carry his cross anymore. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one I'm dying [Laughter] [Music] for. Amen. I'm thankful he died for me this morning. Are you thankful he died for you? Amen. Let's stand as we ask brother Stephen to get ready to come to the pulpit. Christ in you, the hope of glory. As we change over the service today, I'd like to sing the song in Christ alone. That's my victory in him alone. My healing is in him. My redemption is in him. Whatever you and I have need of, it's in Christ alone. Let us worship him this morning. And as we sing this song, let us thank him today. In Christ alone, my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. This corner song this solid ground for the music is sound and what heights of love. What gives of peace? When kids are still with striving my comforter you are in the love of Christ I stand in Christ flesh. Oh God in [Music] helpless gift of love and [Music] righteousness by the Lord he came to sing till on that cross and Jesus died the wrath of God was sisfied for every sin on him was born for here in the death of Christ. I live I live there in the ground his body. All life on the world for glorious will from the great again. And as he said, he stands in victory. All s for him and he is mine. I walk with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life, no fear in death. Oh, this is the power of Christ from my first Jesus command. No power power. Hallelujah. from his all behold. Sing the last verse again. Last verse. Oh, this is the power of Christ. [Music] My first to my Jesus command my [Music] power and ever from [Music] his return Oh, here is the power of Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. until even in death or if he takes me home before death here in the power of Christ I'll stand. Hallelujah. God bless you this morning. It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. And we just want to wish you all a very happy resurrection day. Happy Easter from our family to yours and uh to think what he has done for us. Amen. Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approach thee this morning by the new and living way by the precious blood of Jesus Christ that was shed for us on Calvary. No longer do we have to come by the the way of bulls and goats that that just covered sin, but now we can come into thy presence, Lord, as a sinless people because of the finished work. And so I ask, Lord, that you would come by this morning and that you would take the word and and break it open to us, Lord, and perhaps put us in remembrance, Father, of the great things that you have accomplished for us and done for us as your children. Now we commit this service into your hands for thy kingdom's glory. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. God bless you. Thank you so much, musicians. And uh if you have your Bibles, turn with me to the book of Isaiah, chapter 53. And uh we bring you greetings from brother Ron there in South Africa. And uh he said to greet the people. They're having a wonderful time. And uh God did something very special there for the young people. He did a he took a young person's meeting, a youth meeting, and uh pretty much every single one rededicated or gave their life to Christ. And so we just see the fruit of the ministry there. And uh I believe we have some pictures there, brethren. If we could show them. Um everybody remember we had prayer for for brother uh there's an oldie right here. Look at that. I couldn't help myself. We had to put that one up there. Go on to the next one. This is brother uh Ruben Daniels. Remember we had prayer for brother Ruben. He was in a a coma, induced coma there for a while and stuff. And now he's out. He's doing well. You can see he finished his breakfast and his orange juice. The next picture. And there's brother. I'm not sure who this brother is, but Brother Joe Daniels. Okay. Praise the Lord. Yeah. So, praise the Lord. He's doing good. His health is good. He's preaching good. And so, that makes us all happy here at home. So Isaiah 53, we'll read verses 1-2. And the Bible says, "Who hath believed a report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form nor calmliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of man, a man of sorrows, acquainted with grief, and we hid, as it were, our faces from him. He was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. Thank you, Lord. All we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed. He was afflicted. Yet he opened not his mouth. He is brought as a lamb to the slaughter and as a sheep before her shears is dumb. So he opened not his mouth. He was taken from prison and from judgment. And who shall declare his generation? For he was cut off of the land of the living for the transgression of my people was he stricken? And he made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his death. Because he had done no violence. Neither was any deceit in his mouth. Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He hath put him to grief. And when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed. He shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand. He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied. By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many. Hallelujah. For he shall bear their iniquities. Thank you, Lord. Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great and he shall divide the spoil with the strong because he hath poured out his soul unto death. He was numbered with the transgressors and he bare the sin of many and made intercession for the transgressors. Hallelujah. You may take your seat this morning. We'll trust that the Lord will add the blessing to the reading of his word. I would like to title my sermon this morning redemption through blood. I'd like to start off our service this morning there in the book of Genesis. And we can see uh that is the first place where redemption took place. And we know that God made the heavens and he made the earth and he made the sun and he made the moon and the galaxies and natures and the trees and vegetation and and and and all of this. creation and and and he did it God didn't do it just for the sake of creating something. But God was doing it because he was beginning to unfold a great plan. He was beginning to unfold the thoughts that he had in his mind since the foundations of the world. So when God does something, we know he does it with a purpose. And that makes us happy and glad as Christians because we know whether it's good or bad or whether we have ups or whether we have downs, we know that God is working in our lives for a purpose. And so we see now that God be through nature was beginning to reveal himself and he was beginning to unfold this great plan of redemption that he had in his mind. Romans 1:20 says, "For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen." Notice, "The invisible things are clearly seen, being understood by the things which are made, even his eternal power and godhead, so that they are without excuse." So now God takes things that are visible, things that are tangible, things that can be seen and tasted and and and felt and heard, and he and he takes those visible things and he makes known the invisible or he makes known the supernatural by the things which are. Amen. Right? So, we can take a look at a tree and we can look at a flower and and we can we can realize that a seed that is planted in the ground is going to bring forth of its kind. If we plant the sunflower seed in the ground, Baniah came home the other day from school with this little pot and um and uh and and and it just looked like dirt on the it's just dirt. And unless you knew what was this, there was something planted inside this dirt. You would think it's just dirt. Well, yesterday all of a sudden, man, this little thing, there was two little shoots all of a sudden sprung up. Well, he was really impatient and he's looking at that thing and he's saying, "I need to put it in the sun and I need to add a little bit of water to it." And he is right. For in order for a seed to come forth, it's got to be in the presence of the sun. It's got to have the water of the Holy Spirit in order for it to bring forth. And so now he's getting very impatient and he's looking at it and I'm son just be patient. And all of a sudden this little thing is starting to spring forth. What is it? It's life that's coming forth. You may not see the life coming forth when you want to, but just be patient in God cuz God knows what he's doing. Praise the Lord. So now we can take we can look at a seed and we realize a seed brings forth after its kind. We can look at the same tree and look at the same flower and we can see the death, burial and resurrection within the scriptures. We can look at the stars and we can say wow look at these the magnificent stars. But yet when you look with inspiration you can see God's Bible. Why? Because God has made the visible things that we may understand the invisible. But too much of the time we we we can get super hypers spiritual and we can say, "Wow, uh you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to study the stars and I'm going to study the galaxies and I'm going to study the black holes and I'm going to study this and because God is known by by nature and and his first Bible was written in the heavens and all of a sudden especially those of you who are extremely intellectual. I don't have this problem. Believe me, if you were to see my grades in school, you would understand. And so we can uh uh ex uh intellectual people, they look and they say, "Wow, well, if I could just figure the galaxies out and if I could just figure the moon out and how all of these things work, I'll be able to understand God." But God is understood by faith. And so God is revealed in simplicity. So instead of trying to figure everything out and trying to understand all of these natural things, you ought to just stay with the scripture, uh, he told Abraham, "Look at the stars. Can you number them?" No, I can't number the stars. Well, so shall your seed be. Look at the grain and the sand. Can you number them? No, I I can't number them, Lord. Well, that's how much that's what your seed is. That's the the the amount that your seed is going to be. Instead of trying to figure out and count all the grains of sand and the stars in the sky, how about we just say, "You know what? Abraham has a lot of seed." Just God revealing himself in simplicity and take the words of a prophet. When he says that the Zodiac is God's first Bible, he starts off with with the virgin and ends up with Leo the lion. Hey, that's good enough for me. I don't need to try and figure out all the inbetweens. I just need to stay what the what a prophet said in this day. God reveals himself in simplicity. And the more intellectual that we get trying to figure out God's word, the further we get away from the presence of God because God is not known by reasoning or the knowledge of man, but God is known by simple faith. Hallelujah. This is why Eve fell in and and seduction of the serpent because she choose reasoning over faith in God's word. And sometimes it's just good to say, I believe the word of God. I don't need to try to figure all the ins and outs. I just believe God's word. Amen. But because of her reasoning and her intellects of her humanity, it got her off track. So, Brother Brandham said this. He said, "Adam was not deceived, but Eve was deceived, but Adam knew exactly what what he was doing." Hear ye him 1957. You can notice I'm trying to go fast because I have I have a lot of I have a lot to car to go through here today. So, you help me. You pull on the word, you help me preach, we'll get through it. And if the Lord wants me to leave my notes, I'll leave them. I'm happy to do that. We just want the will of the Lord to be done this morning. Paragraph 24. God here was going to do something that he'd asked man to do. Um, and God will never ask you to do anything that he would not do himself. Did you ever think of that? Did you ever go back in the Garden of Eden in the great coming forth of Adam and Eve? The Bible said that Adam was not deceived. Adam was not deceived. He knowed exactly what he was doing. But because of the love that he had for Eve, he walked right out into death with her. Not because he had to. He no different. Eve was absolutely deceived. She thought she was right. But Adam knowed better. He walked out with her and took death with her. Was was a great sign that the church, the bride, was guilty. Christ was not guilty, but he become guilty to die. The death for the church to redeem her. He went to death with her. Hallelujah. We talk about the bride and we talk about about about the bride of Jesus Christ. But guess what? Within ourselves, we are guilty. Within ourselves, we would choose the wrong way. But God rich in mercy. Hallelujah. He died for us at Calvary, knowing better, knowing what he was doing, knowing what would be the the pain that was set before him. Yet, he laid it all aside. Why? Because he had somebody in his mind. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So God now was showing through Adam and Eve this plan of redemption and how that one could be wrong and deserving of death. Yet there would be one who would be innocent would take the place of the guilty. One who knew no sin. One who did nothing wrong. Have you ever been punished for something that you never did? I have. And it wasn't good. And you know what? When you're a troublemaker, you're your trouble. Yeah. Trouble's always following that person. So, it's got to be them. And because you're a troublemaker, you know, not to tattletail on other people. It wasn't me. It was so and so. No, you just keep your mouth shut and you take it. It's not nice, though. You're innocent. It wasn't me. You ever had a sibling rivalry? I fought with my cousins. I have no siblings. Huh? And and there's always the one sibling that's super smart and hits the other one. And if they don't make a noise, they hit them harder. And they hit them harder until they try to get them to to to make a noise and get mom and dad mad. I told you to stop it. It wasn't me. Well, you screamed. Huh? Get in trouble. Yeah, sibling rivalry. It's a good thing. A lot of times we have sibling rivalry within the church, don't we? Huh? Some of you siblings always fighting and getting on with one another, saying something and poking and proddding and huh, hey, let's leave the sibly sibling rivalry to the side cuz it doesn't make papa happy. Amen. Okay, so moving on. So God was showing through Adam and Eve that that that that uh that there would be that there would be an innocent one would take the place of the guilty and the plan of redemption. Now God would begin to unfold his plan in in in shadows and types and symbols through the lives of people. So we see that God would show through Abraham that not only would he have a royal seed, but he would all or would he have a natural seed, but he would also have a royal seed. And that royal seed would be a very peculiar people. I would say we are very peculiar people to the world, aren't we? Sometimes we're not only peculiar to one another, but we're peculiar to ourselves. Right? Sometimes, you know, it it's hard for people to figure you out when you can't figure yourself out. But we see then through the life of Isaac, we realize that uh God would use now the life of Isaac and and Isaac would be that promised son and and he would be a type of Christ where he would take his wood, carry his wood up the hill to uh for to be his own sacrifice. He was a type of Christ. We could see that uh that Christ would be uh made known through the life of Joseph and how Joseph would be sold for 30 pieces of silver and and he would be thrown into a dungeon and and and and there would be the baker and this other guy and one would be saved and one would be killed just like Christ on the cross. one would be saved and and uh uh and and and be with him in eternity and the other one, you know, would would spend his his uh uh I wouldn't say eternal days because we know hell is not eternal, but he would spend however long it is those days in that place called hell. You know, hell is a real place. We talk about heaven so much, but we never talk about hell. Understand? without being born again. There's only one place to go after this life. It's either heaven or hell. And if you're not born again, we're going to hell. I realized that one time that I was a good for nothing rotten sinner. But that God had gave his life for me and shed his blood that I would not go to hell, but I would go to that place called heaven. Hallelujah. He did the same for you, my brother and my sister. You just got to accept the gift that God has given for us. Amen. So we see that Joseph then would be in a dungeon and then all of a sudden he would be risen up to the right hand of Pharaoh just like Christ after he his resurrection. Now he sits at the right hand of the father with full authority and full power. Amen. We could look at uh we could look at Moses and we could see that how God used Moses and Moses would portray the life of Christ and and that that God would use Moses really a a one-man army and he would bring the children of Israel out of Egypt and as he was before he would bring them out of Egypt, he would say, "Uh, you've got to slay a lamb." Hallelujah. the very first Passover. If the lamb is not slain for every household, if the blood is not applied, the death angel will not pass over. But if you'll do what I say, if we'll just take the words of a prophet and we'll apply it to our lives, understand the death angel will not only pass over us, but he'll pass over our families, over our children, and over our loved ones. That's why it's so important for us to live such a godly life that when our children see our testimony and they see our lives that they want what we have. Amen. Exactly. But you've got to come under the blood. If you're not under the blood, there's no safety. But under the blood, under the token life of God is safety for the believers. So he had to apply the blood. God would now reveal himself in the life of David. And down through the many characters of the Bible, he would prophesy of a Messiah who would come and redeem Israel out of his bondage until finally finally, you understand this this scripture that we read in Isaiah 53, it it wasn't written after the crucifixion of Christ. Realize it was before. It was hundreds of years before. And yet it was a man anointed of God. And he would speak prophetic words. And these prophetic words would, brother Brandham said, they would circle the earth until finally they found the right ground in order to come to pass in the right ground of a person's heart. And so everything we read there, whenever you read Isa Isaiah and you read the new the New Testament on the crucifixion of Christ, you think, "Wow, was he there?" It's actually worded. The verbiage is actually worded like it already come to pass. My back they have stricken. My back they have whipped. And by my stripes you are healed. And and it's already written in such a way that it's already come to pass. When God says something, it is as good as done. Even if it hasn't come to pass yet. And so if God spoke that California is going to sink, understand California is going to sink. But if God if brother Brandham spoke of a rapture, understand that also that a rapture is going to happen. We just got to be patient and stay in the presence of God. So finally, hundreds of years later, sometimes maybe it was a thousand or more, these words, these prophecies that were spoken many, many, many prophecies, speaking of the Lord's crucifixion, speaking of the coming of the Messiah, and everybody was looking for it. Have you ever have you ever waited on somebody before? And you're looking and you're waiting and you're waiting. You get kind of tired of waiting, don't you? Well, where are they? They're supposed to be here 20 minutes ago. Miles, he was he went to Aunt Bee's and Uncle Nick's the other day. And uh and and anyways, he he he got to spend a little time with them. And um so it was, you know, Uncle Nick said, "Yeah, I'll be there such and such a time." Yep, I'm going to be there. Sorry, Uncle Nick. Not throwing you under the bus, but it goes with the story. So supposed to be there at a certain time and and and we ate dinner and and Miles is all, "Is Uncle is Uncle Nick here yet?" And you know, sometimes it's hard not to be sarcastic. uh doesn't look like he's here yet. You know, when he's here, you're going to know he's here because you're going to go with them. Yes, sir. Oh, hallelujah. If you can read between the lines, he was watching and he was waiting and he was asking and asking. But when Uncle Nick finally came, when the Lord finally comes, you'll go with him. If you're watching and waiting, we just got to be prepared and watch and wait that when he comes as a thief in the night, brother Mario, we'll be watching. We'll be waiting and we'll go with him. Praise the Lord. But sometimes it gets tiring waiting. I want to tell you, be patient. He's coming. Be patient. Your healing is coming. Be patient. Amen. The answer of your prayers are coming. Be patient. The answer is on its way. Thank you, Lord. Finally, Isaiah 7:14 was fulfilled. Therefore, the Lord himself shall give you a sign. Behold, a virgin shall conceive and bear a son, shall call his name Emanuel. Isaiah 9:es 6-7. For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given. The government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called wonderful counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace. Of the increase of his government, and peace there shall be no end. The peace of God which passes all understanding, there is no end to it. That's right. Amen. He said to uh to order it and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even forever. The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this. So now we see that through the ages God would reveal himself. Notice this in part through man. Until the time of Adam and Eve, until the time of of Jesus coming in his physical form, in the fulfillment of the prophecies, God would reveal himself in part, right? Just a little bit. In Ireland, we see just a wee bit. A wee bit here and a wee bit there. A wee bit through Moses and a wee bit through David. A wee bit through this one and a wee bit through that one. But until finally there was one who would come and it would be Emmanuel. His name was Jesus Christ. He's the wonderful, the counselor, the prince of peace, the mighty father, all of these titles. But his name was Jesus Christ. Finally, he would come and fulfill the scriptures. And now God would reveal himself in his entirety. It was no longer a wee bit here and a wee bit there. But now God would make himself known in his completeness through the man called Christ Jesus. Colossians 2:es 8-9 says, "Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ. For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the godhead bodily. So it was no longer a wee bit here and a wee bit there. But now Christ come according to the prophecy fulfilling the word and the prophecies of the Old Testament. And now God would begin to reveal his entire plan of redemption through one man. Hallelujah. Amen. Questions and answers 1964. Brother Brandham says now that pillar of fire is the lugos that went out of God. The lugos which is actually the attribute of the fullness of God when God become into a form to where it could be seen. It was the anointing of the great spirit that went forth. It's condescending coming down God the father the logos that was up over Israel. He was holy could not bear sin. There had to be a blood offering right in Eden. Then that logos became flesh and dwelt among us. And where this logos dwelt in a human body, which was the sacrifice, when man was made in the image of God, and then God come down in the image of man to redeem man, that brought God that brought man and God together. So what is it that brings God and man together? It was when the word was made flesh and dwelt among us and died to death, it brought man and God together. Understand? When the word is made flesh and the hour and the age in which you live in, it is a connection between man and God. It is a connection. It's what brings man and God together. It's the blood for the age. the message of the age, not a message of another day, but for the day in which you live. So, it's more than just sermons. It's more than just words and paragraphs and quotes. It's actually a connection. What the message does, it it connects man and God together for a relationship. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why we don't have just the message of Luther. That was for Luther's day. It took them so far. We can go on to Wesley. We can go on to Pentecost, but the message of this day has brought a closer connection with God and his people to where they're at a point where they are one where now she becomes him. What is it that makes her him? It's the connection of the revealed word of this day. Amen. Praise. So don't read it like it's just a quotation. Don't read it just like it's a a a a a sermon or a book. No, read it like saying, "Wow, I feel a connection. I feel something that's pulling me towards God." Don't just read it for the sake of reading it, but read it with a revelation that that that you're being pulled into a higher kingdom. A oneness, with God. Yes. That's right. You know, until you get married, you never un fully understand the scripture that these two shall be one. But once you get married, there's a scripture that begins to unfold. And now you understand that these two flesh are joined together and they're one flesh. That's what this message has done. It has joined together the bride of this age in Jesus Christ. And it is an invisible union. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. It's the word that is drawing us into a union with our Christ and our God. Amen. So he says, "And then God came down in image of man to redeem man that brought man and God together. Heavens and earth hugged and kissed each other." Isn't that beautiful? God and man embraced each other as fatherhood and sunship. When the lugos became flesh and dwelt among us, Jesus said, "I came from God and I go to God." Is that right? After his death, burial, resurrection, and ascension, when the body was taken up and set at the right hand of God, he says, "I don't mean uh God got a right hand, God's a spirit, but at the right hand means in power and authority of God." That in that name, everything in heaven is named after it and subject to it. Everything in earth is named after it and subject to it. Understand that's good and bad. That's you and that's evil. I want to tell you an evil spirit that's bothering you is subject to the name of Jesus Christ. You just got to use it in faith. In knowing that it's a name above all names and it can be used for your benefit. Thank you, Lord. That's right. Everything in everything in earth is named after it and subject to it. A name above all names, Jesus Christ. Now this logos that was in him which was the spirit of God, the anointing through the sanctifying grace of the blood brought many sons to God which is anointed with this same logos. Wow. So the logos that was God that was made flesh amongst us is the same logos now that dwells is the same logos that is anointing many sons and daughters of God. Amen. Man, this Zoey life of God, this Holy Ghost baptism, it ain't nothing to nothing to kid about, man. It ain't nothing to put off, but it's so vitally important because that's what seals us until the day of our redemption. That's what reveals to us the word of God is the Holy Ghost, the very Zoey life, the logos of God himself. So God now came down in the image of man to redeem man because man fell in the flesh. We understand that mortal man could die for one another, but none was able to take away the sins of our fellow countrymen. So we see now in order for for for God now to take away the sins of the earth, he had to come in the body of flesh himself because man was not worthy. There was nobody worthy because we are all born in sin. Our lives are shaped in iniquity. We can help each other in certain ways that we can, but we can never give each other uh uh uh salvation. Our blood, if I was to shed my blood for you, it would be a a nice thing. It would be a nice thing to do. And you might be remembered as a hero, but my blood is not good enough to take away the sin in your life. And so God now had to become flesh because man died in the flesh himself. He came that he might partake of sickness. He came that he might be a partaker of a of a headache and and and be a partaker of being alone and being a partaker of of of being rejected and and all these different things that we go through in life. Why did he do it? because he was going to be a mediator at one point and he needs to be a high priest who can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. And so he brought So now God brought Jesus Christ through these things for our benefits. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Because he knows how you feel and he knows what you're going through. And he knows how to intercede. Why? Because he's already been through it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. So now when he did this, he became our kinsman redeemer. Now when we think about a kinsman redeemer, a kinsman redeemer actually goes a lot further than just God becoming flesh in order to redeem man and flesh. Because um in order to be a a kinsman, you have to be kinfolk. You know what it means to be kinfolk? You know what it means to be kin to someone else? It means that you're family. It means that you're either bloodreated or that you're family through marriage. So, Brother Nicholas is my kinfolk because he married my sister-in-law. And she's my kinfolk because I married her sister. And so, now we're we're kinfolk. We are we are related. We can become a a a kinsman. We can redeem each other if we had to according to the Old Testament laws because we are family. Now, if there was something in the Old Testament, if if there was something that uh say somebody fell behind on their bills and they were going to lose their house and they were going to lose their land and something was going to happen. If if there was a neighbor across the street and they said, "Wow, you know, you're really struggling. Let me come and let me help you. Let me pay for your bills. Let me let me redeem uh what you've lost." They were unable to do it. But wait a second, their flesh. They're flesh just like me. They're human beings just like me. They're they're kinsmen to me. They're kinsmen in flesh, but not by not by family. They're kinsmen in flesh, not by blood. Right? And so now kinsman redeemer goes further than God just becoming flesh to redeem man. But he came to redeem those who were kinfolk. Yes, he came to redeem those who was kinsmen to him who were part of his blood related who were a part of his family. Hallelujah. That's why Boaz could redeem Ruth because they were kinfolk. They were kinfolk through marriage. Do you see it? Why was Why was Ruth redeemed? Ruth was redeemed because she was redeemable. Why was Ruth redeemable? Because she was kinfolk to Boaz. Right? If she wasn't if Naomi wasn't kinfolk to Boaz, Boaz could never do the act of a redeemer of a kinsman redeemer to Naomi. He couldn't do it to get Ruth. Why? Because they're not kinfolk. She was redeemed because she was redeemable. And she was redeemable because she was kinfolk. And so it is with the bride of Jesus Christ. Understand not everybody is redeemable in the world. But the bride of Jesus Christ is redeemable. Why is she redeemable? Because she is kinfolk. She's of his blood. She's from the same family. She's part of his flesh. Yes, sir. How am I redeemed? I'll tell you why you're redeemed. Because you're redeemable. That's why. Did I do anything to deserve it? No. I was just born into this family. There was nothing that I did to deserve it. It wasn't of my own choosing, but it was of my father's choosing. And I've been redeemed. And my life has been changed because I'm redeemable. Because there's something within my heart. It's called the logos of God. that when it came across the logos of the word and the anointing of the hour, guess what? It brought forth life and it brought forth redemption by blood. Thank you, Lord. That's why brother Brandon would say this. He would say uh uh John 3:16, for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whoever would uh believe in him should not perish but have everlasting life. Brother Brandham said it's not for everybody. He would that everybody would be saved. He would. But he knows that there's a chosen people who are a part of him, who are off his sheepfold, who are off his body and part of his family that he came to redeem. Amen. My So if you've been redeemed, you ought to be shouting this morning. Why? Because your name has been written in the Lamb's book of life before the foundations of the world. Hallelujah. How do I know I've been redeemed? That's a good question, isn't it? Is it because I felt something and I had a shiver and and is it because I got baptized? Understand you can get baptized as many times as you want, but if you've never fully repented of your sin and turned from your life, you'll go down a wet a dry sinner and come up a wet one. But a true fact, a true a true uh a true way of knowing and acknowledging that you've been redeemed is because your life, Hallelujah. One Easter service, Brother Andy, you were walking this way and all of a sudden you did a roundabout turn and you looked to that thing right there, the cross of Calvary, and you began to walk to it. Something happened in your life. Something happened in our lives where God took away the desire of sin and riotous behaviors. When we turned our ways to the cross, you doesn't mean that you're not going to have mistakes. That's right. Doesn't mean that the old carnal nature won't come up once in a while. But when it does, it means this. You'll repent quickly. You'll make things right quickly because the desire in your heart is not to do those things. Amen. Hallelujah. Yeah. I've said it before. I'll say it again. We all need to say sorry once in a while to each other. Yeah. Yeah. Especially, you know, uh especially especially our family. You know, the more comfortable you get with people, the more your carnal side comes out. You huh? You ever notice that? Or is that just me? You get comfortable with somebody, all of a sudden you let your hair down. Oh. Ah, I'm sorry. H you overreact to something. Hey, it's good to make things right quickly. It's good not to let your the the your wrath go down with the sun. Hey, it's good to good to set your family aside and say, "You know what? I overreacted and I am sorry." Yeah. Sister, lovely honey, whoever you are, guess what? I'm sorry. Wonder when the last time some of you boys ever said sorry to mom and dad. Huh? Sorry for slamming the door. Sorry for punching a hole in the wall. I know none of you guys do that. It happens. They're all laughing because they know it's true. Just be careful. Let me give you some advice. You want to punch a hole in the wall, make sure it's between the studs. That's right. Yeah. Yeah, brother Jim. Yeah, he could be a good stud finder. Bring some of these guys to work with us. Find a stud. Understand? Yes. Soft answer turns away wrath. You got wrath in your family, try talking a little bit softer. Hallelujah. Okay. Now, we see here, brother Brandham makes this this outstanding remark in the indictment 19 and68, brother Brandham or 1963, paragraph 68, brother Brandham says this, and my indictment is against the churches of today. Now, I'm not bringing the sinner into this. I'm just speaking this to the church. He says it's to be in the tapes now and I'll try to get through as quick as I can. He says, "I indict this generation for the second crucifixion of Jesus Christ." Paragraph 71, the same sermon. It could not have been done a few years ago. This is pretty powerful. He says, 'I say 50 years ago, it could not have been done, but but today uh today this is very timely. And so when I read that, I begin to wonder, well, what time is he is he beginning to indict this generation? And when you look at the date of the indictment, it's 1963 uh 0707. So it's it's around June time or whatever it is. What time is it? Why is it so timely? because it's after the opening of the seven seals which happened in March. So now he says it couldn't have been done 50 years ago. It it it could barely but today it's very timely and it could not have been done maybe 10 years ago. Now watch this. He says but it can be done today because the time has run out. We are at the end time and I believe as a servant we are just about to cross this land to another. So now, brother Brandham is he's he's beginning to take uh happenings in his life and he's beginning to realize of what time of day it is that we're living in. And he says uh it couldn't have been done 50 years ago. It couldn't have been done 10 years ago, but now is the right time to do it because there has been an unfolding of the word. Now, uh many things transpired in brother Brandham's life. We understand that he moved to Tucson, Arizona according to six dreams. And on the seventh, the seventh was a vision. And we see that uh there had to be something that come to pass that they would extend the road um on his driveway and stuff like that. And whenever he would see these things come to pass that it was time for him to move west. And brother Brandham explains these things and sers, what time is it? And so when it begins to come to pass and he and and the and the dreams uh have been uh have been interpreted and he sees this this vision that the vision now has has become a reality. He knows that it's time to move west. Now God did with brother Brandham just as he did with Abraham. He did not tell him why he's moving west right off the bat but he just said when you see these things happening move west. And so he told Abraham, I just want you to get up and I want you to walk and I want you to take a journey. So God a lot of times he doesn't tell us. He'll give us an end result. He'll give us something to do, but he'll never tell us of the journey in between from the beginning until the end. And so God doesn't share everything with us. True. Sometimes you can go to the preacher. You say, "Preacher, I I I have this question or or or what about this in my life?" You know, sometimes we we don't have an answer. Right? Sometimes God doesn't want us to have an answer, but he wants you to wrestle with the angel yourself. He wants you to wrestle. He wants your life to be changed. He wants you to to to stay up at night and pray and cry and wonder and sob and ask questions. He doesn't want you just to be lazy and ask somebody else, but he wants you to spend time with him yourself. Very good. So, we see he moves to Arizona and one day he's up there in the Catalina mountains and this sword strikes his hand and and he looks at it and he says this, "This sword fit my hand just perfectly." And there was a voice and it said that this is the king's sword and we understand that it was the sword of the word. And I want you to know that just as Elijah gave Elisha his garments, it fit Elisha just perfectly. This same sword, this same word that fit in Brother Brandham's hand just perfectly fits in the hand of the bride just perfectly. This sword was made for you. This sword wasn't made for you to collect dust on the on on the shelf or in your study or on the floor or whatever. No, this sword was made specifically for you to use the word because it's the word that overcomes the hour. It's the word that overcomes the temptation of the hour in which we're living in. The word of God will defeat the enemy, any place, any time, anywhere, under any circumstances when used by faith. So, we see he gets caught up the constellation of angels and and he's given a word and he's given the the he's he's he's told he's saying, "Hey, you need to go back east and you need to preach uh the the seven seals because I'm going to open the word." And and he's just walking by faith. and he goes back east and he goes in his study and and he and he's trying to prepare his notes and and and and he's trying to find the mind of God and obviously he couldn't find the mind of God because he he just put together notes and stuff from things he preached in the past and books that he had read in the past and and he said, "Well, this sounds about right. I'll just preach this." You know, sometimes you got to work to find the mind of God. Not only the minister, but you also you got to work. You got to you got to study. You got to sometimes you got to labor. You got to labor in pain to find the mind of God for your life. It's not easy. You ever tried to make a decision and you got two choices and both doors are opened? Yeah. Wow, they both look good. I could do this or I could do that. How do you know? Well, I'll just do one and see. Sometimes we got to labor. Sometimes we got to wait before God. We got to get ourselves alone in a desert place and we got to pray and we got to ask. And God forbid once in a while you got to fast. That's true. You know that fasting, it takes your carnality away. You know, if you're carnal and you fast for a little while, all of a sudden you feel like a burden is taken away. You feel like you can just pray and enter in a little bit better and a little bit easier. I'm not talking about 40-day fasts. I'm talking about skip a couple of meals and don't do it because you want to lose weight. I'm doing the 16 and 8 today. God's going to speak to my heart. No nonsense. God knows the desire in your heart. But when you come to God and you say, "Father, I'm this food that keeps me alive. This water that that keeps me hydrated, I'm going to set it to the side for two meals. I'm going to skip breakfast today because I want to pray at 9:00 and I want to ask, Father, and I and and I want to pray tomorrow. And I want to do the same thing, Lord, because I want you to guide me and direct me in in your perfect will. Amen. Hallelujah. So now the seals are opened. The Bible becomes a new book. The mystery of God is fulfilled according to Revelation 10:7. The book which was once closed is now open. And the word of God is laying before him in its completeness. understand his Bible became a new book. He read it differently. The revelation was more clear than what it was before the opening of the seals. Even though many things he preached before the opening of the seals, he preached serpent seed before opening of the seals. He preached water baptism before opening of the seals. He preached godhead before the opening of the seals. But what did the opening of the seals do? It brought a special anointing and instead of just wondering, it opened it up in its in complete clarity that he said, "Wow, any wonder I've been against those denominations for so long. I always wondered why." Well, now he knows why. Why? Because the book was opened and now the book was revealed in its completeness. Amen. So when Jesus was here, we understand that he was the fulfillment of the word and he was the word in its fullness. He was the word made flesh and dwelling amongst us. And when the word was dwelling amongst us in its fullness, the word which Jesus Christ I'm talking about was crucified. So now, brother Brandham, after the opening of the seals, he's beginning to see this is an open book. It's a new book. And it's not just a book, but it's the word. And who is the word? It's Christ. So now the same Jesus that was crucified, who was made flesh back there, is the same Jesus in this open word. It's a full word. It's a complete word. is no longer in its partness, but now it is completely opened and revealed. Amen. So now it's very timely, he says. Why? Because here is Christ the word. And so now he begins to look and he and he and he sees what denominations have done to the word by their creeds, dogmas, intelligence, reasonings of man's ideas. And he and something rises up in him and he says, "I indict this generation." Yes. For the second crucifixion of Jesus Christ, the word which is being made flesh amongst us. Why? Because it is now open. What a statement. He had seen what they were doing to the word throughout all the years, but it wasn't time to bring the indictment. But now the timing was perfect. Go listen to the sermon. Brother Brandham said the same spirit that did that to Jesus and we'll go through it here and I'm going to try to hurry. What they did to him at the cross, what they did to him when they scorched him, what they did to him when they plucked his beard and so on and so forth is the exact same spirits that's doing the exact same thing to the word of this day. Only it's not in a body of flesh. It's in the word. But if you can visualize the crucifixion, you can see what they're doing to the word of God. God, help us. Let me just say this. God, help us as message believers, not to add to, not to take away from the word, not to reason with the word with our own ideas, but just say what a prophet of God said. Amen. Otherwise, we fall under the same category. Yeah. because of our reasoning, because of our man-made ideas, because of our taking a quote over here and taking a quote over there and trying to put it together. It's it it it makes up a denomination within the message. That's right. Cuz what is a denomination? It's when you put a period instead of a comma and you organize under a man-made idea. Hallelujah. Think of it yourself. Yeah. Say, "Brother Stephen, why don't you just Why don't you just hit on some stuff, man?" Nah. Don't need to. Let the word do it. You know, and then when you know, you'll know when I get off. Hallelujah. And then you'll say, "Brother Stephen, you're putting a period instead of a comma, son." Amen. Erase it and put a comma. That's right. Amen. Guess keep each other accountable. Hallelujah. Okay. So, Jesus suffered many things at Calvary. And if I may uh if I may for just 20 minutes or so, I would like to go over and rehearse to you some of the things that Christ went through in the sermon adoption 1960. Brother Brandham said this. He says in the garden of Gethsemane, this is very, we all know this. The anointing left him, you know, and he had to die as a sinner. He died a sinner. You know that. Not his sins, but mine and yours. That's where that love come in. Hallelujah. How he took mine. Oh, hallelujah. How he took mine. So up until this point now, every temptation and everything that he went through, he had the anointing with him and he was able to overcome because he was so anointed with God. But now here he is in the garden of Gethsemane. And here he is. He has never known sin in his life. He was a he was the perfect lamb of God without spot, without shame, without sin. He was perfect before God. And now here he was in his greatest hour of temptation. The anointing had left him. the disciples were falling asleep. There's one spot where I've always kind of ridiculed the disciples in my heart of, well, how could they fall asleep when they saw the shape he was in? The Bible says in in one of the gospels, it says for sorrow, they fell asleep. They got weary. They they they seen they seen the pressure he was under. They seen what was happening to him. They they saw a change in his demeanor. Yeah, they saw that something was off and something wasn't right and and and here he was in his greatness and they were so sorrowful for him. He had been telling him that he'd be crucified and and and he'd be given into the hands of the elders and all these different things and the scribes and they were sorrowful. Have you ever gotten so sorrowful that you just get tired and you cry yourself to sleep? I'm sure we've all done it once or twice in our lives. They were sorrowful. They were exhausted. And when he needed them the most, they were sleeping. And here he was, he's under so much pressure. And he kneels before God and he's crying. He said, "Oh, Father, let this cup pass from me. I can't stand it." It's not that he didn't want to do it. What cup was that? It was the cup of iniquity. It was the cup of my sins and your sins that he was about to be partaker of. He who knew no sin was about to become sin for you and I. The one the the guiltless was about to become guilty. He was about to take the place and take the blame for someone else's faults. But that's what he came to do. Thank you, Lord. And he was under so much pressure and so much turmoil and so much and he was crying out to God and he says, "Nevertheless, Lord, not my will, but let thine be done." Sometimes God gets us to a place for us to scream out, "Lord, not my will. I'm tired of my will. My will leads me down the wrong paths, but let thy will be done, Lord. Sometimes your Gethsemane is humbling yourself. It's true. It's so hard for us as prideful humanity. To humble ourselves and say sorry and say, "Lord, not my will. Let thine be done." He was under this immense pressure until suddenly his his his blood vessels begin to burst and Luke the physician picks it up. No other gospel writer picks it up, but look the physician and he sees it and great sweat drops of blood started dripping from his forehead. No doubt it was dripping down his back, down his arms, down his forehead. This sweat was bright red of blood. Can you imagine when the when the scribes and the Pharisees and the elders and they came to get him and here he is? He's already looks like he's tarnished with blood. He's sweating. He doesn't This guy don't look like he's in his right mind. What's What's going on with this guy? He was in great sorrow. He was He was in great pain and suffering and it was a calamity in his life. Yeah. But yet instead of choosing the easy way out, he took the hard way because he had a journey that he had to go through. And that was at a place called Golgtha. And there wasn't anything even his own human emotions was going to keep him from fulfilling the word of God that God had planned for him and his life. Understand? If you just put your face towards Jerusalem, if you just put your face towards the cross of Jesus Christ, it doesn't matter what comes or goes. He'll say, "Father, not my will, but let thine be done." Matthew 27:es 21-31. The governor answered and said unto them, "Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you?" They said, "Babbus." Pilate saith unto them, "What shall I do then which with with Jesus which is called Christ?" They all say unto him, "Let him be crucified." And the governor said,"Wh, what evil hath he done?" But they cried the more, saying, "Let him be crucified." When Pilate saw that it could prevail nothing, but rather a tumult was made, he took water and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this person. See ye to it. Then answered all the people and said, "His blood be upon us and upon our children." Can you imagine? Can you can you visualize in your mind the hatred that they had towards this man who did nothing wrong, who walked the shores of Galilee, who healed the sick, who opened the blinded eyes, who who who prayed, who touched hands upon the paralyzed, and they begin to walk. And he he raised the dead, he did many mighty works, yet they hated him for righteousness sake. Why? Because evil was found in their hearts. You know, when somebody has a quarrel or something against you for no reason, I'll tell you why. It's because there's evil in their hearts. You say believers, absolutely. Religious people, religious people have a lot of evil in their hearts and they can't see the evil that they have towards their fellow brother or sister. Help us, Lord. Yeah. evil. Say the bride, we don't we we're we don't have no evil in us. Yeah. Well, your fruits say otherwise. Yeah. Hallelujah. Then released he Barabus and said unto them, and when he had scored scorged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified. Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers. And they stripped him and put him in a scarlet robe. And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head and a reed in his right hand. And and they bowed the name before him. They mocked him, saying, "Hail, King of the Jews." Someday these soldiers that thought they were just having some big laugh, they had dressed him up as a king and bowed before him, someday they're going to bow before him. Amen. And the tables are going to be turned. If you want mercy in your life, show mercy. Yes. Whatever judgment you judge somebody else with, that's the judgment you're going to be met with yourself. Help us, Lord. I wouldn't want to be in their shoes. Oh, thank God for grace. Thank you, Lord. Thank God for the logos. Amen. That dwells within the heart of the believer. Amen. that brings them to a place of repentance because there go I mocking and scorging and spitting and hitting them if it wasn't for the grace of God. That's right. And they spit upon him. That's so dirty. Huh? Spit on them. Somebody's dirty slobber. Such a dis disrespectful thing. I'd rather somebody call me the worst name in the world and spit on me. I don't know if I could hold my Christian character if someone spit on me. I'm dead serious. Make you want to pick something up and hit him with it. But the Bible said, see that's the carnal man, isn't it? Yeah. But the Bible said he opened not his mouth. Wow. He reviled not. Wow. I wonder if we're able to do that. I don't know. I don't know. It would have to be something supernatural that would come over us like when that bull and and the beast and everything came to brother Brandham and he said something came over me. That man that one said he was going to take his life and run up to the pulpit. He said I had love for that man. He says I wish it would happen all the time. Amen. So do I. That's what we need, my friend. The love of God. Otherwise, the carnal man takes over so easily. They mocked him. And after they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, put his own raignment on him, and led him away to crucify him. Isaiah 50:6, I give my back to the smiters and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair. I hidden up my face from shame and spitting. Isaiah 52:14. As many were astonished at thee, his visage visage was so marred more than any man, and his form more than the sons of men. You know what that means? They beat the daylights out of him until finally his visage was as bad. They couldn't recognize who he was for his human features because they had beat him so hard. They had punched him. They smited him. They whipped him. They beat him. And I love that the Bible says there, it says that I gave my back to the smiters. He didn't try to run away. He didn't try to turn. He didn't try to wiggle out of it. But instead, he turned his back to the smiters. He turned not his face when they punched him. They turned not his face when they spit on him. He turned not his face when they plucked his beard. Why? Because he had a purpose in his life. He had a reason for being there. You know why he turned his back? Because he knew that you would be in need of it someday. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He knew that you would be in need of healing someday. So he turned his back and he had you in his mind and he took a whip. Then he took another whip and there goes that cold and there goes the the sugar diabetes and this one over here with cancer and this one over here and he said, "Father, I have come that thy will would be done." It didn't matter how much they beat him. It didn't matter how much they tormented him. It didn't matter how much they tortured his body. His mind had his mind was strong. You know, you can break someone's you can break their someone's body, but they're not broken until you break their mind. He was so strong minded. Why? Because he had an elected lady within his mind that he knew would need those stripes someday. Thank you, Lord. He said, "I'm not going to turn. I'm not going to wiggle away. I'm not going to turn my face. I'm going to give myself because you can't make me do anything. I freely give my life. I freely give my back. I freely give my cheeks. I freely give my face. I freely lay down my life because God has given me power to lay down my life and to raise it back up again. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. He didn't do it because they made him. It was either Pilate or Herod. They told him, "Don't you know that I have power over you?" He said, "You don't have no power over me unless it was given to you from above." You ain't going to make me do nothing, but I'm going to do it freely. Oh, I want to give my life to him freely this morning. Don't you? He gave his life freely for me. I want to reciprocate. And I want to say, "Father, here's my life. I freely give it. I don't want to turn away to the left. I don't want to turn away to the right. I don't want to try to wiggle out of it, Lord. But here I am. All of my inconsistencies, all of my downfalls and shortcomings, everything that I have, I give it to you, Lord, freely, not begrudgingly, not holding back, but here I give it. My desires, my wants, my will. Here it is, Lord. I give it to you freely. Amen. You say how can he with withstand such punishment? He was constrained by love. Amen. He was constrained for his love for those whom the father loves. For those who God imparted a little bit of the logos in. He loved him so much that he said, "Here I am. Freely I give." Thank you, Lord. Jesus was the fulfillment of the Old Testament prophecies. We know it. Shadows, types, whatever it may be, we know that he was the lamb of God without spot or blemish. He was the Passover lamb. Something that is extremely interesting to me is that even the very timing of his crucifixion is perfect. That by his death, we know that he would do away with the daily sacrifice. This is amazing. Some people try to say that this isn't true. But yet, whenever you see that the Old Testament lines up with the New Testament and this prophesied and it came to pass here and and and all these different things and we see how is that possible, I'm going to tell you it's not possible. But anything is possible with God. So, Exodus, I'm almost done. Exodus 29 38 and 39. Oh man. It says, "Thou this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar. Two lambs of the first year day by day continually. The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning and the other lamb thou shalt offer at evening." Now this scripture that we just read, it's referring to the daily sacrifice that was supposed to be performed in the morning and evening of each day. And these sacrifices meant the covering of sin and restoration and fellowship with God. It was a daily act of worship expressing expressing devotion and obedience to God. And it was also these these sacrifices. It was an expression of the people's commitment to the covenant and God's faithfulness to his promises. Now, I want you to those what what I just said there. I want you to to to put it in New Testament um uh uh verbiage here. And the Bible says that that your bodies are a living sacrifice which we are supposed to pres present onto God on a daily basis which is our reasonable service. And so our reasonable service of self sacrifice of self giving up self-will and of giving up our own wills and to God. It is a daily act of worship. It is a an expression of our lives of our devotion and obedience to God. Well, why do you do these things? Because I want to be devoted. I want to express my love to God through the sacrifice of myself on a daily basis, morning and night. I want to daily worship God and express myself to him. How do we worship God? Number one, you you believe the word that was sent in the day and hour in which you're living in. That's worshiping God. True worship of God. But yet now it comes down to us sacrificing our lives. Wow. Giving up self-will, crucifying the flesh on a daily basis is a sign of worship and devotion to our father. Amen. It is commonly known that the times of these sacrifices was at the third and 9inth hour of the day. the exact times when they put Jesus on the cross when he died. Mark chapter 15 verse 25 and it was the third hour and they crucified him. What was the time? It was the third hour. What's the time of the third hour? No, the third hour is at 9:00. The sixth hour is at 12:00 and the 9inth hour is at 3:00. And so here he was the daily sacrifice was being made in the temple. A an act of worship and devotion. They were they were in their post of duty doing what they should do. But yet here was the that was just a shadow. It was a type looking forward to what was on the cross at that very time. And what was he doing? He was taken away the daily sacrifice because it'll be no longer by bulls and goats, but by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Mark 15:33-37. And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the 9inth hour. Notice that until the 9inth hour. What is so important about the ninth hour? It was the time of the evening sacrifice. Watch what happens at the ninth hour. And in the ninth hour, Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, Lama Sabathani, which is being interpreted, my God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? And some of them stood by when they heard it, and said, Behold, he called for Elias. Understand, they had no revelation. They had no interpretation of the tongues for their day. All they heard was something that sounds like Elias, and they said, "He's calling for Elias." But really he was calling to God. That's right. They were without revelation, without understanding, without the uh the knowledge of God for the hour in which they were living in. And what did it cause them to do? It caused them to misinterpret the word. Come on. That's right. Amen. Ah, put it in our day. What is causing the people of this day to misinterpret the word? It's because they don't have the Holy Ghost. And one ran and filled a sponge full of vinegar and put on a reed and gave him to drink, saying, "Let alone. Let us see whether Elias will come to take him down." Look, they were always looking for a second coming of Elias. They were looking for the wrong one. Elias was going to come again, but he wasn't coming to the Jews at that time. It would be to the Gentiles. A lot of Gentiles in this day are looking for a a return of an Elias. An Elias isn't going to return to the Gentiles, but he's going to return to the Jews. Let's not get it mixed up, brother, sister. In the sixth hour, understand Jesus was forsaken, but he was not defeated. Forsaken, but not defeated. And there they crucified him. Hallelujah. It was midnight in the middle of the day. The sun forbid to shine. The moon didn't shine. The stars weren't out. The birds went back to their nests. The cows stopped grazing in the grass. The sheep sat down and put their head in the grass. The animals hid their faces. For who can withstand this sight of this man hanging on a tree? Not even God himself could look at it. But he turned his back and he cried out with a longing. Why? Why? Why have thou forsaken me? He was forsaken that you wouldn't be. Jesus was forsaken of God that you would never be forsaken. Understand there will be times where we'll go through a midnight in the middle of the day. But I want you to know that you will never be forsaken because his word says he'll be with you. He says he'll be in you even until the end. He can't forsake the body because the body has already been forsaken. That's why the bride of Jesus Christ cannot be judged because the body has already been judged at Calvary. Oh, hallelujah. This is where all religions of the world stop and wait for the resurrection of their founder. Understand, every religion is built under some man, but they're all waiting for the return of their founder. What are they waiting for? They're waiting for them to resurrect. We're not waiting for a resurrection of the founder of Christianity because he is already risen and he is already alive and he remains the same yesterday, today and forever. Praise the Lord. Yeah. He went to hell. He went down there. Took the keys of of of death and hell and the grave. You know what else he took down to hell with him? He took your sins. He took my sins. He took my shortcomings. He took my failures. And when he went down there and he took the keys of Satan, the keys of of sin, of death, and in hell and the grave, and he rose again, he was, what was he doing? He was breaking the seals. He was breaking the seal of death. He was breaking the seal of of of the grave that no man had ever risen from before. He was breaking it. Right. Amen. And what was he doing while he was breaking those seals? He was leaving everything that you done in your past, your present and future, and he was leaving it into the hands of Satan and s in hell. He became sin. Hallelujah. He took my hell. He took your hill. Thank you. How amazing is that? Huh? We oughtn't let it be common to us. Yeah, I know he did to you. When you fully understand it and you fully grasp a revelation of it, my it just it it just takes it just softens your heart and it makes you weak at your knees to think that he did that for you and I. Amen. Colossians 2 verse14 blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us which was contrary to us and took it out of the way nailing it to the cross. That's why Paul could say, "Oh death, where is your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory?" The be of death, we understand, has now lost its stinger. And now God uses death as nothing but a harness to pull us from from from this life into another realm which is faster than this one. So therefore, death, we have nothing to fear in death. Thank you, Lord. God uses it. Death was a scary thing. The grave was a scary thing. The afterlife was a scary thing. But because he overcame it, because he conquered it. Now God uses this really scary thing and he uses it for his glory and he harnesses us and he pulls us into his presence. What is it? What does the Bible say about the death of his saints? Precious precious in the eyes of the Lord is the death of his saints. Why? Because now they're in his presence. Amen. Amen. The true Easter seal 1961. Now we find no seal could hold him. He come forth. God broke the seal. The seal of the tomb. Broke the seal of death. Broke the seal of hell. Broke the seal of the grave. Do you think in his first res his first crucifixion, he broke the seals? Or Brandon said he did. Listen to these seals that he broke. I didn't give this to the brothers. I'm sorry. He broke the seal of the grave and came forth triumph. What did it? That great seal that was on the inside of him. They could destroy the body, but they could never destroy that seal. God gave the church a seal then that could never be destroyed. When they destroyed Abel, he raised up Seth. When they destroyed one prophet there, raised up another, they kept destroying. But God gave them something then that they cannot destroy. It's a supernatural spirit. It's the Holy Ghost itself. And it's infallible and it's imperishable. It cannot be destroyed. It'll live on and on and on. And because he lives, we live with him. Because we are sealed into the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. No way, no way to ever be destroyed, cannot perish, but has eternal life. Amen. God's great ripping of them seals. Amen. So, brother Brandham says, "I indict this generation for the second crucifixion of Christ." What was going on in the first crucifixion of Christ? Well, because of their creeds and dogmas and ideas of men, what were they doing? They were whipping him. They were saying, "He's not the same yesterday, today, and forever. He can't do it today. That was just for the apostles." That's the spirit that was on the people of that day. They were whipping him by neglecting the word. He's not the same. He's not a healer. The Holy Ghost is not for you. Everything's not. And then we see that they nailed him to the cross and there was darkness about a space of three hours in the middle of the day. His first crucifixion there was darkness. His second crucifixion there's darkness. The darkness is upon the earth and gross darkness is upon the people. Brother Brandham said that gross darkness is worldlyism creeping into the church, creeping into our lives, creeping into our homes. I say let's kick the darkness out with the light of the word. I say let's kick worldliness out with the light of the world word. Let's kick our TVs out. Whatever you have that's in your home that shouldn't be there. Let's apply the word. Apply the token and get it out of there. Amen. There was darkness. There's darkness now. Hallelujah. We see that there was seals that were beginning to break in his first crucifixion. The seal of the seal of death, the seal of hell, the seal of that Satan had upon the people. These seals now were beginning to break. Yeah. And as he rose from the dead, uh, seals were just breaking all over the place. There was not only seals that were breaking in the time of the first crucifixion, but there was mysteries that were being unfolded. The mystery of the bride in spirit form that was already in him that she was released there at Calvary. The spirit, the spirit of the bride, the the the the mystery of the bride being one with the bridegroom. Seals, mysteries being unfolded. What do we have in this day? Amen. Seals, mysteries being unfolded right before our very eyes that now we are one with Christ. Thank you, Lord. You see the parallel as the musicians come, we'll bring this to a close. That's why brother Brandham could say, "I indict it." How could he indict it? Because the word was made flesh in its fullness right before their very eyes. In the sermon, it is the rising of the sun. Paragraph 51. The trinity of the devil, death, hell, and the grave. For Satan is the author of death. He is the possessor of hell and also the grave. And that was the trinity of Satan being caused by one thing and that was death. Death. you go at the grave and uh and being a sinner, you go to hell. All the very one thing, the trinity of Satan, which was death, that had held man in captivity all these years. But now, the true trinity of God being one, manifested in Christ, who was life. See, one brings death, but the other one brings life. They both have a trinity, but they're both one. I want to choose life this morning. Amen. But now the true trinity of God being one manifested in Christ who was life and had broke the seals and conquered the enemy rose up the one true and living God. I am he that was dead and I'm alive forever more and have the keys of death and hell. Uh the God in one made man and dwelt among us and conquered every enemy and had proved that the trinity of Satan was conquered. Hallelujah. and that the trinity of God was made known because only God alone had power to bring life back again. He was that Emanuel. God had been manifested in the flesh. No wonder he could claim there Matthew the 27th chapter. All powers in heaven and earth has given into my hand. I send you to be my witnesses to all the world. He had conquered both death, hell, and the grave. Not only did he do that and come out triumph with all the power in heavens and earth. All that was the Father, all that was the Holy Ghost and all that there ever was was in him. All powers in heaven and in earth is given onto me. Everything else is powerless. He had conquered. [Music] So death is powerless. Why is it powerless? Cuz he conquered it. Hell is powerless. Why is it powerless? Because he conquered it. The grave is powerless. Why is it power? Because he conquered it. Sickness is conquered. Amen. The powers that Satan has upon our life, guess what, my brother, my sister? They're conquered. Amen. Why? Because he defeated it at Calvary. He defeated it when he rose from the dead. Oh, what a mighty God that we serve this morning. A God that that would take our shame and take our guilt and take our sin and take it to the cross. And he would rise again. Why would he do these things? Because he was constrained with love. Because there would be a people down seven church down through seven church ages who would be a redeemable person. And so here he would perform the act of kinsman redeemer knowing that there was a people who would be in need of redemption and not only in need of redemption had the ability yes to be redeemed. Somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Let's stand to our feet. [Music] How can I be redee? Why am I redeemed? It's because I'm redeemable. Because I am bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. I'm part of this great family and mystery of God in this end time. Oh, thank God. Thank you, Lord. Let's just sing this song together here. Lord, verse five. Verse one. Finally became sin. Oh, he became sin who knew no sin that we might become his rightousness. He humbled himself and carry their cross. Love so amazing. Love so amazing. Amazing Jesus Messiah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] My bra is the one who [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Applause] The name of Jesus. [Music] Jesus. All of our hope this morning. All our hope facing you. All our hope facing you. Glory to you, God. The light of is your hope this [Music] morning [Music] [Applause] you our praising you the [Music] lion Jesus. Messiah is the name of [Applause] the rest. [Music] Jesus. You are Lord. Amen. Goodness of God. Goodness. I love you, Lord. Hallelujah. I love you, Lord. for your mercy. We heard it today. He'll never forsake your hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] and I have live. I am living in the goodness soul. Can you lift your hands and [Music] sing and you are Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Your goodness is running after it's running after me. Your goodness is running after you. It's running after me. When my life lays down, I surrender [Music] now everything. Your goodness is running now. It's running. Your goodness. Your goodness is running out. It's running after [Music] me. Your goodness. [Music] to me. I lay down. I [Music] surrender. Amen. Your goodness. So my life you faithful. All my life you have been so so [Music] every sing our God reigns. Our God reigns. Our God reigns. [Applause] Isaiah 53 what he preached about today. I [Music] praise how we are down to the king of rain. Oh, [Applause] good. The [Music] down our He does. He does our God. [Music] Oh, I [Music] got him in the recesses. He had no say the he had no man that we should [Music] be pro [Music] I [Music] [Applause] [Music] got our free [Music] [Music] Sin and that brings [Music] home that brought him down when we like she and a string she came at on his sword. What did he do? He bore our sh. Oh, our [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God. Our [Music] God. Our God. [Music] He cast a lamb that led out to the slaughter house of the sheer his life down upon the ground like glory. Why? because of purpose by Oh Lord, I say thank you Lord God. Our God [Music] [Applause] [Music] reigns. Praise. Our God reigns out of the tomb. He came with grace and justice. He is alive. He is alive. God seek [Music] him and [Music] yes he is alive. I'm living proof today. He is alive. He's alive. He is alive. He is [Music] alive. Oh, he's a he's alive. He is alive. Is alive. He is alive. [Music] Oh, he's alive today this morning. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty this morning. Father in [Music] heaven, we bless you today, Lord. We lift your name on the [Music] earth and may your kingom be in our praise as your name might. Can you bless him this morning? Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] forever. Oh God most holy. We love you and adore you today. We lay our throne and may the fragrance of your praises as we prepare to worship you. Blessed beless [Music] glor. Blessed [Applause] be God [Music] Almighty forever. Hallelujah. Let's bow our head. Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you this morning and give you the Lord honor, the praise, Lord God. Thank you for this resurrection morning and thank you for the word that you'd given to us Lord this morning. Thank you Lord for the things that you have done in our lives Lord. Thank you that we we are a part of you Lord that we are become redeemable Lord and we are the testimony of your love and your grace in our lives Lord this morning. May you bless brother Steven Lord for giving all his heart Lord this morning Lord and may you restore virtue Lord upon him and bless his heart Lord for giving it all Lord God. So we want to thank you once again for your grace and your love Lord to tune about us Lord. It give us more encouragement and give us more strength. You give us more inspiration to hear Lord the things that you have done in our lives Lord. May continue to be with us Lord. We go our separate ways Lord and we just hold your word in our heart Lord and rejoice for the things that you have done Lord. We are so forever grateful Lord for your love Lord in our lives Lord. May you bless each and every one of us Lord God in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you for worshiping with us today. Happy Easter to our guests and our visitors. Thank you for coming and being part of us today. Remember to pray for the prayer requests that were mentioned today. God bless you. Lord willing. We'll see most of you on Wednesday night. God bless you. Happy Easter today. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
