################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - A Servant's Religion vs. A Son's Life - Bro Stephen Coffey - Stephen Coffey.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-29
Title:   A Servant's Religion vs. A Son's Life - Bro Stephen Coffey
Speaker: Stephen Coffey
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSVsRQdca8M
========================================

Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Weight. [Music] For sure. It's fresh as the morning dew. You make your mercy new every morning. And then let's all stand. Let's sing that first verse. And I thought that I had crossed the line. Walked away from love one time. too many. And I thought I used up all the grace set aside for my mistakes. So many. But on my knees, I found to my surprise that your mercy with the [Music] sunrise. Lord, you make your mercy new every day. You changed my life in so many ways. You cradled me in your sweet grace. You f me. And yesterday, [Music] today, there's one thing I know for sure. Fresh as the morning dew, you make your mercy new. Every morning. Amen. I'm so thankful for his mercy tonight. Thankful for his grace. Amen. If we could just sing. I just want to please the Lord. Amen. Want to give the glory, the honor to him. [Music] I just want to please the Lord. Trust that your prayer tonight. Be his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done." someday. Sing it again. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. To be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence. Found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done someday." I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Even first verse in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. Oh, Paul and Silus prayed that night. He knows our needs tonight. Oh, they began to [Music] sing and their chains were loose and they were free. Amen. I bless your name. I bless your name. Lord, I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. For you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Verse two. some midnight hour. If you should find your inner prison in your mind, reach out and praise. Justify those chains. Amen. and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. Amen. I bless your name. Amen. I give you honor. I give you praise. Lord, you are the light, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. Amen. We just want to praise him tonight. We've got a few needs. First, we want to just welcome all of our visitors. We've got camp coming up. Just definitely remember the youth camp in prayer. There's a number of us us leaving. We'll have some announcements about that here just after the prayer. Brother Israel Love, if you would um come and take the needs. But uh we do want to welcome friends of the Arasola family, brother Bob Black, his wife, Sister Monica, and daughters Zoe and Kaylee. Amen. God bless you. We welcome you. Any of our other visitors, welcome you as well. Um, for prayer requests, we have brother Kelly McMillan is waiting to be operated on. If you would please keep him in prayer. Our brother Joshua Mukabai and his family are traveling to the Congo to attend his father's funeral. If you would just remember them for safe travels. Remember the family for peace and comfort. And I do want to thank you all for praying for my dad. He had back surgery this morning. Um, it went well. talked to him uh just before left for service tonight. Um but it is a long recovery. They said about 6 months till he's fully recovered. So just uh just keep him in prayer for that if you would be much appreciated. Amen. There's really bless you. Amen. Let's all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come before you this evening, Lord. Just grateful for another opportunity to be in your house. Lord, may we never take this for granted, just the to set the time aside to come here on a Wednesday night. Lord, it's an effort. It takes a commitment. Lord, after a busy day, sometimes you just want to go home and rest. But Lord, there's something here. There's something that we know that we can come and we can draw from the well that could give us strength, give us encouragement for the road ahead. And so I just ask that tonight you would just come be amongst your people. May you just be honored and glorified in all that is said and done. And may your worship be pleasing unto you. And I just ask for these needs that were brought before you, Lord. You know each situation. You know each heart. And I just ask a special blessing upon our brother John Yarro and that back surgery Lord in the long road ahead Lord a faithful servant. Just ask you would just be with him. Give him a healing touch. And as the minister would come forth I just pray you would just give him an uncction of the Holy Spirit that you would just set the man aside and use him for your perfect will. May he just speak words of life and not only for him to speak for for us to hear. Lord, we just ask you to open our hearts to receive. And Lord, not only to receive, but to change. Amen. We just love you. We thank you for all things. We give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise for you're more than worthy in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Just a couple announcements for the camp. Um, for tonight, if you brought your luggage, but it wasn't able to get loaded, uh, if you could please put that in the gym after the service tonight, um, we'll be able to get that loaded up for you as well. Tomorrow, the bus is leaving at 10:30 a.m. sharp. So, if you could please be here at 9:45. Uh, the bus will leave at 10. So, um, Amen. Just looking forward to what God has in store. looking forward to what brother Stephen has for us tonight and what the Lord has in store for us. Amen. If that same spirit raised Christ from the dead dwells in you. Amen. Oh, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, it dwells in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in me. Oh, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in me. Oh, dwells in me. Oh, it's that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead that dwells in me. Oh, dwells in me. [Music] [Applause] My mortal body that dwells in me. Oh, will your mortal body that dwells in you. Oh, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, oh dwells in you. That same spirit that raised Christ dwells in you dwells in you. Oh, it will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. That spirit tells me would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Oh, in pains of death on my soul to the Lord I cry. And until Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied until Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be the mercy as [Music] Jacob. I wrestle with the Lord and with a courage. I s upon you and I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. And Satan said, "My Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer." Oh, but praise the Lord, the work is done and Christ the Lord is. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Amen. As brother Micah McGary comes to sing for us tonight. If we could just sing that song, Ancient of Days. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor, glory and power into the ancient of [Music] days. From every nation, all of creation into the ancient of days. And every tongue in heaven and earth shall declare your glory. Jeopardy shall bow at your throne in worship. You will be exalted, oh God, and your kingdom shall not pass away. Oh ancient of days. Oh blessing and honor, glory and power into the ancient of days. And from every nation, all of creation bow before the ancient of days. And every tongue in heaven and earth shall declare your glory. Every knee shall bow at your throne. In worship, you be exalted, oh God, and your kingdom shall not pass away. Oh nation of days. Oh, your kingdom shall reign over all the earth to the ancient of days. For none can compare to your master's word. Singing to the ancient of days. Oh, singing to the ancient of days. Blessing and honor, glory and power to the ancient of days. Oh, from every nation, all of creation, bow before the ancient of days. Amen. Micah, thank you for singing for us. God bless you. Amen. I just wanted to sing this song with a thankful heart. Um I've recently had a yearong lawsuit going on and um they decided to drop the case. So, I'm really thankful. The joy and peace that God has given me through this is so much greater than the financial relief. So I want to just give him glory. [Music] Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuousness. [Music] And all these things will be added unto you. Hallelu Hallelujah. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every [Music] word that proceeds from the mouth of [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Just ask and it shall be given unto you. Seek and ye shall find. [Music] Knock and the door shall be opened unto you. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelujah. Sing with me. Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuousness and all these things will be added onto you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Seek ye first the king of God and his [Music] rightousness and all these things shall be added onto you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this evening and greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Those words of Jesus, he said, "Seek ye first." That's right. Somebody say, "First." Seek ye first the kingdom of God. All these other things, houses, lands, what you're going to do, career shall be added unto you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. If there's ever a time that we seek him first, it's now, not second. Give God your tithing in time, and in servitude, give him first. Amen. Amen. God bless you. It's good to see so many of you out and our different visitors here and just being afraid that I'd miss some. I I then I won't do it. And I'll put that pressure on Stephen Coffee. He can do it and he can he probably knows a lot of you. And uh anyway, we're just very very pleased to have our brother Steven Coffee, his wife, sister Sarah. Where are you, Sarah? Stand up so we can see you. There you are. God bless you, sis. Stand up. We want to see who you are. Yeah. God bless you. Bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. So, I'll turn it to you, Brother Greg, if you'll sing a song here. Um, and Brother Barney and Sister Joanne, is this the last service? I'll see you in church. Till we meet. Amen. Amen. Love you guys. All right. Amen. Let's stand. If we could sing, Lord, prepare me. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. And with thanksgiving I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary for I see it again. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] [Applause] sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary for you. One more time. Lord, prepare me. Lord, prepare. Bless you. Saint [Applause] [Music] we pure and holy light as you with I'll be Thank [Music] you for [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Isn't it good to be in the presence of the Lord? Amen. I love being in church on Wednesday night. Uh, Sunday is necessary. Uh, Saturday is fun to be in church, but Wednesday, I think it's absolutely necessary. Uh, it's vital. Uh, it's just that it's just that little thing that the Lord will give you to just give you a little burst of wind in your sails to keep you going along the week. Uh it's just such a wonderful thing to be in the presence of the Lord together. Amen. On a Wednesday night. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, it is good to be here with you tonight and um thank you musicians. That'll be all. You know, while you're standing, I'd like to invite you to turn with me uh to Galatians the 4th chapter. And let's just read a passage of scripture just before you're seated. Galatians the 4th chapter I want to read in uh I want to read in verse one Galatians chapter 4 verse one boy it's good to see everybody so many friends and Uh just so many I just love I I love coming here. I I uh I always I hit an in-n-out within 15 minutes of touching down and uh you know and then just to see all of you. Uh it's just so wonderful. Uh I hope you're as happy to be in church tonight as I am. Uh it's good to see you all. Looking forward to spending so much a lot of time together at the camp. So, if I don't get to see all of you at the camp, um I I hope we get to at least see each other a little bit tonight. And um boy, it's good to see so many friends. Galatians the 4th chapter in verse 1. Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, defereth nothing from a servant, though he be the Lord of all. but is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. Even so, we when we were children were in bondage under the elements of the world. But when the fullness of time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman, made under the law, to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons. Amen. Hallelujah. And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father, wherefore thou art no more a servant. But a son, and if a son, then heir of God through Christ. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you uh so much for tonight. We thank you for these few moments that we have. We've gathered together in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we believe that you are here not because of uh a feeling alone but because you said you would be here. You would be among those who are gathered in your name. We have done that and we believe that you are here. So, it's upon that belief that we commit this service into your hands. May you do the speaking. I'm here and I remove myself as much as I know how. And I pray that everybody in this room being here would remove themselves so that you could bring our hearts and our minds subject to the word of God. Amen. May you have the freedom to do that and to move in our midst. We love you. We thank you. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, do we pray. Amen. And amen. You can have your seats. Thank you for standing with me. Uh I am uh happy to have sister Sarah here with me and um we are uh just happy to be going to the camp and really looking forward to that. Uh if you're not going to the camp and I think you I think you mentioned this, but if you're not going to the camp, be in prayer for the camp. Uh I think it's it's important if you are going to the camp, you also be in prayer for the camp. Uh that you'll receive what the Lord would um would have for you. Uh I think it's a uh a very um important moment in time when you go to a camp as a young person. Um I don't think you should live camp to camp spiritually. Uh I think you should have more than that. You shouldn't have to go to a camp to feel like you are spiritual. But since you are going then pray that the Lord would touch you in a mighty way. Amen. and that he would equip you with what you need to go back and live uh the most effective life for the Lord that you possibly can. Amen. Uh because camps are wonderful, but it's in the everyday living. It's in Brother Bam said, it's in the harsh realities of everyday living, the ruggedness of everyday living. Uh that's where your testimony is made. Uh it's in the day in and the day out. It's in the monotony of every moment that God gives you. And uh I I think you should pray for that. So going into the camp, don't just pray for that moment alone. Say, "Lord, help me beyond the camp." Uh that's what that's what your goal should be. Not just the camp alone, but beyond that. Lord, help me to come back, live an effective life. So be in prayer whether you're going or whether you're not. Um and then uh I just want to say thank you, brother Ron, for in in inviting me to speak. It's such an honor. Um really appreciate brother Ron and Sister Sandy and uh um I've known them pretty well all my life I guess or they've known me pretty well all my life and uh uh it's just such a good good thing to be here with them. So thank you and may the Lord bless each and every one of you. I uh I always try to be myself when uh when the Lord has me um I still to this day don't understand why the Lord wouldn't have me behind anyone's pulpit. Um but he does. And so seeing that I'm here, I'm just going to be myself. I'm going to be what the Lord has made what the Lord has brought me to be to this point. Uh and I'm I'm going to be that. But tonight, it's a Wednesday night. I know for a fact we're all running on 30% of our brain capacity. So, it's tired. You're tired. Um, uh, uh, I think you said it best. It'd be good to just be at home and rest, but, you didn't make that decision. You're here. So, being that you're here, being that you're in the room, let's just press into the word of God. And, uh, I I'll try to be brief. I'll try to be um, as simple as I can so that my 30% can grasp it, but uh, let's just lean into the presence of the Lord. Is that okay? I uh I was thinking about this just a couple weeks ago and uh this this topic came on my heart for tonight and uh I there there is a part of every single one of you in this room. Every single one. Brother Random referred to it as the uh the hidden man. uh the hidden person, the hidden hidden woman, and that's the real you. Every single one of you in this room, there is a part of you, the vast majority of you that we do not see, right? Your spouse may not see, your children may not see, your friends may not see. It's the real you. It's that inner life that nobody can really fully see from an ex exterior standpoint. That's good. It's uh it's the it's the person way down deep. And you may not even fully understand that person, right? But that's the real you. The scripture says in first Peter chapter 3, but let it be the hidden man of the heart. Amen. Continues to say, which is in the sight of God of great price. It's the hidden man of the heart. It's the hidden woman of the heart. Wow. And uh it's there where your thoughts live. It's there where you're um it's there where you dwell most of the time. That hidden man of the heart, hidden woman of the heart. the the Hebrews uh they really didn't have a word and I find this interesting but they didn't really have a word for brain they referred to uh all thinking feeling um will uh decision making all of it was attributed to the heart which which was the lav so they didn't really have a term for the brain it was all all of it was referred to as the heart guard your heart for out of it are the issues of life. Who can your your heart is deceitfully wicked who can know it? So whenever it's referring to that person or that inner being that inner uh deep hidden person that you are refers to the heart and um that's that's the part of you that God is after. Yeah. And it's not just your church smile. It's not just your outward performance, right? Uh and I I'm I'm I am going to speak to you tonight from a a a just a personal way if that's okay. So I'm not talking at you. I'm I'm giving you my personal story, if you will. And that that person deep down that all of you are that we all are. That's who God wants. Yes. you can act the part on on from an exterior standpoint. Sometimes you have to put on a good face. You're just uh you want you come to church and you put on a smile and that's the appropriate thing to do. That's the polite thing to do. But there's there's a a part of you um that I don't know where you're at. Your pastor may not know where you're at. Your spouse may not even to a full extent know where that deep down person is tonight. Each one of you, you could be um and uh just be honest with yourself as I'm speaking to you, but that person could weigh lay a awake at night. That person may have a lot of questions. that person may be so dissatisfied and disgusted with themselves that they don't know what to do. So that deep down person on the inside that every single one of you have irrespective of age I don't care how old you are I don't care how young you are every single one of you know you you know what I'm talking about there's that deep down person that hidden life nobody knows what it is nobody can see it but you do you hear what plays out at night you uh in your thoughts you you have to carry that um inadequate feeling around. So, I don't know where you are tonight. You might be just fine, but maybe you feel apathy. You just feel in a place where you're like, I just I don't I don't I don't have a I don't have a drive. I don't have purpose. I don't feel like I'm going towards something. You know, I'm doing work. I've got kids. I've got all these different things or I've just got I've got life and um you know, all these different things. But you you may not just you you may not feel uh satisfied. And I think if you're in a tough place like that, there may be a part of you that feels overwhelmed as well. I think just because of the pressures of the life, because uh of the life that we live, the economy that we live in, the world we live in, news, uh there is a pressure. We understand that there's a pressure upon everybody. We as the bride of Jesus Christ, we have a place to let it off. Um, but we h there is a pressure that's on every single one of you. And you feel that. But I'm talking about more than that. I'm talking about even on a spiritual warfare level where you feel um you might feel dirty on the inside. you look great tonight, but I'm talking about when you go home, when you're driving to work in the morning, that person. And I I want you to um uh I want you to think about that tonight because I just in my own life, I'm at a place where I I I want a real vitality and life and relationship, more importantly, fellowship. Amen. with the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I am at a place where I I don't I don't want to go through any motion mo just the motions to do the things uh and and then to go home and feel out of place to feel lost to feel like I'm not sure like I'm not strong like I'm not where I need to be even though I may be where I need to be. just to have that feeling of loneliness surrounded by people. Yeah. I don't want that. Now, sometimes the Lord can allow us to be in a place like that to deal with us, but I I don't want the enemy to wreak havoc in my mind anymore. I'm I'm done playing uh uh with the enemy and and letting him mess around with me deep down. I'm tired of it. [Music] I I don't want to feel empty. Uh when I'm when it's just me. I want to feel life. I want to feel the vitality that comes with living in the resurrected power of Jesus Christ. Amen. And I am I am telling you tonight, it is absolutely available to every single one of you. I don't care where you've been. I don't care what is going on deep down inside. You can have a real fellowship with the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. You can have a real life. You can you can know with certainty and with assurance the purpose that God has called you to. And you can walk in it in such confidence that you have the ability to claim the and and use the authority that God has given you to say, "Satan, get thee behind me." You you you are in a place where you can do that. It is available to you. So if where you are right now isn't that you can have it. Thank you, Lord, Amen. beautiful in this passage in Galatians chapter 4. My mind was just so drawn and my heart was so drawn to this statement in verse 7. Wherefore thou art no more a servant but a son. Amen. If you're I I don't think it's it's good to be living like a servant anymore because you are not a servant anymore. That's right. And so you don't a servant's mindset is uh many things but it can be uh maybe if I don't do enough uh then he won't be pleased with me. If I don't do enough then he won't be pleased with me. if I don't if I um uh you know it it keeps you on edge living and thinking and acting like a servant. It keeps you on edge. Amen. Because it's on it's on a performance basis. So I've got to ah I've got to I've got to I didn't do that and I I did do this and um so therefore the Lord should be pleased with me because I did that. And your thinking and your attitude and your behavior is that of a servant. A servant never feels secure. Because everything their their place in the house is absolutely based on what they do. Amen. So when if you're in in your hidden person and you're thinking and you're by yourself and you're living on the basis of what you can do, then Satan is going to meet you in that place and say, "You don't do enough." So therefore, you're not worth anything. And then that's naturally going to spiral you into a worse place. And if you're all if you're thinking like, "Well, I've got to do this." then you're already in a in a difficult place because if you the Christian life um I was talking to somebody the other the other day and they were saying well you know I've done all these bad things and I I just I need to get my life in order and I said well well you know that that won't save you and they said yes but what are you referring to and I said well bad things are bad things you shouldn't do bad things but if you don't do those bad things do you know that that won't save you that won't keep you from judgment day. It takes the Holy Spirit. It takes the baptism of the Holy Spirit. It takes the life of Christ to keep you from judgment day. So, you do all these bad things. Don't do them. But if you don't do those bad things, do you realize that you'd still not be saved? Right? It's not a worksbased faith. Every other religion in on planet Earth is by some element of works. Hinduism, Buddhism, it's all worksbased. I do these things and I feel this thing. That is not how the Lord came to you. It was by uh your it's by grace that the Lord came to you. Not because you are worthy. Your your righteousness is as rags. So therefore in that place if you are thinking or living like a servant purely on the basis of what you can do or what you haven't done and you're dwelling in that place or what you you should have done or what you shouldn't have done. Yeah. Then Satan is going to hop right there and say, "You are not worthy at all to be sitting in this room tonight. You're just a hypocrite. You're sitting here by um uh by I don't know. You're just playing the part of a hypocrite." And and Satan, anybody ever feel this? Am I just talking about it's exhausting to live in that place? So why live in that place? Yeah. Why? Why still think like a servant and act like a servant and and and even in in in that hidden place where you are, where nobody else is, where even your wife or your husband or your children, they don't see that place. It could be in your in in in the inner it's it's way down deep. Right. And you're you're living like a servant and thinking like a servant. Wow. It's a difficult place to be. It's exhausting. Amen. If that's even in part where you are this evening, you don't have to be there. Thank you, Lord. I I believe with all my heart that when you are in Christ, you are no more a servant. You are a son and daughter of the most high God. Amen. You don't have to live with the religious thinking of a servant anymore. You don't have to have a servant's religion. You can have a son and daughter's life. You can have the vitality of having a a a fellowship with the with the Holy Spirit. Wow. that is available to you by the mercy and the grace of almighty God. Amen. So if you are even in part deep down thinking like a servant with the pressure and the uneasiness and um it's on the basis of what I can do. Stop living like that. Amen. And step into being a son and daughter of God. Amen. Let's talk about that. Now, Jesus himself, if you don't believe Paul, you don't believe me. Jesus himself, he said in John chapter 15, henceforth, I call you no more servants. So Jesus himself is saying to you, I don't call you a servant. Now, there are elements of our Christian walk that we serve, right? Um, young men in fellowship halls, we pick up chairs and tables. That's what we do. Can I get an amen from all the young men? We just we move chairs and we pick up tables and we do it well. Uh, so that's an act of service, right? I am I am living in an act of service. So that's not necessarily what I'm saying because being in acting in service is a good thing, right? Getting your priorities right is very important. Ask Mary and Martha. Right? You've got to get your priorities in the right place. So being of service to one another and to the Lord is very very important. But Jesus says, "I don't call you. I don't look at you like a servant in my household." In other words, here uh my my my uh cup is empty. Go get me a drink and do it with a smile. Right? You don't find that. No. Right. In scripture. No. Now again, I I I want to just um repeat myself on purpose here. You I don't want you to think like a servant anymore and act like a servant and live like a servant. I want you to be a son and daughter of God. So Jesus, nowhere in scripture does he say, "Go get me a drink and and quick." He he doesn't look at you. He this is these are his words himself. Henceforth I call you not servants. For the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth. But I have called you friends. For all things that I have heard of my father I have made known unto you. Jesus himself doesn't look at you like you're a servant. Right? A hired help in the house. So you don't have to act like that. Well, I'm not worthy to be close to the Lord. So, I I'll just, you know, I'll do my part and I'll do my things and I'll do the things that I understand, but I I don't I don't know if I can really get close to him because I'm not worthy of it. You're still thinking like a servant. And Jesus doesn't look at you like that. So, why do you still live in that unhealthy place? Because scripturally g Paul is saying by the spirit of the Lord, you are no more a servant. You are a son and daughter of God. Praise the Lord. So we should live like it. Now I I um in just in in looking at this Paul is outlining I I think to me and just looking through this passage and I just I spent so much time reading these verses over and over and over. Naturally, this is very important as it relates to the topic of adoption uh and and and um that that concept. But I I begin to look and I I I realize Paul is outlining a very clear spiritual transition from bondage to inheritance. Yes. Right. The Holy Spirit is the token of our inheritance. It it is um it is a seal. It is a supernatural work that God does in you. It is it is something that is beyond your ability to grasp or to ascertain by human uh human ability. God did that work in you and seeing that you have that and if you don't you can have it. Amen. Even while I'm speaking to you. Amen. But if you have that, Paul is speaking about a transition from a mindset of bondage to inheritance of religion to relationship. The the bride of Jesus Christ should never struggle or should be striving to be accepted. She is already placed in the body of Christ. So living like a son which we'll go through here is is walking in a place of inheritance. Beautiful. It's walking with the mindset of every promise in the book is mine. not because of what I can do but because of what he has already done for me. So the transition from moving to bondage to inheritance from religion uh to relationship is one of being able to say it it isn't me who brought me to this place. It was the grace of almighty God and so I can walk in his power not my own. Amen. Now, to first understand this, and I I I just want to clarify this one thing. God is very interested in spiritual maturity. Um, we don't have time to get into all of it tonight, but brother Bham, he says in 1965, uh, you you're probably very familiar with this scripture, but he says or this this quote, but he says, "The only thing the church coming out has got to lay before the, uh, the presence of the sun, s o n to ripen." So, brother Bon would use that term many many different places. Now, scripturally um uh I I can't find the word ripen or ripened in scripture. You see the term uh harvest or maturity or terms being used like that in reference to planting. So, ripen wasn't a a thing that u the Hebrews weren't un were unfamiliar with. They planted. That's how they lived. Uh so, they understood planting and they understood the ripening process and they understood what that meant. But brother Brandham, he's saying and he's I I I think it's paramount that we all understand is that scripturally there is nothing left to happen except the change of our bodies. We are not waiting for an eighth messenger. We are not waiting for the return of brother Brandham. There is scripturally nothing left to happen majorly except the change of our bodies. Amen. So that being the case, we are in a place of spiritual ripening. We are in this ch this period of time where we await the change of our bodies. That's a wonderful place to be. But we have to understand then that in that place of spiritual ripening, we must as the bride of Jesus Christ awaiting that change, watch and be sober and be vigilant. So, in this period of time that we are in right now, May, I don't even know the date, but May, today 2025, we are in a uh a place we're we're ripening. Brother Brandham said, "That's the only thing that's got to happen. You as an individual have to lay in the presence of the sun to ripen." Amen. Now that term to ripen is very important to understand because there is a difference between growth and ripening. The fruit is the only thing that ripens. A stock doesn't ripen. Right. Now, I am not a farmer and you will quickly realize that. Uh I get corn and wheat and staff and stock and all these things mixed up because I I don't know anything I don't know anything about farming except what I read in the scripture. So enough I know enough to say that there is a difference between a plant that is growing and in a growth phase and then the fruit moves away and separates away from the shuck. The grain pulls away from the shuck and it is the grain itself that ripens. The stock begins to die. All of the life that was in that growth period now moves into the fruit. And when the fruit is on the vine, which we are believe, we believe we are in the manifesting time. The fruit is on the vine. We are in that period of time where the only thing left to happen is the change of our bodies. seeing how that hasn't happened yet and we are all here and we are in the period or the time of his coming right we must be in a period of ripening fruit ripens now maturity when you hear the term maturity or you see it in the scripture you have to understand that that is a state of being I am at maturity at maturity is the place when the harvest is done. So you would say that we are maturing or ripening until the harvest is taken because when the harvest is taken there now is is no more ripening to be done. The harvest he he takes the fruit and he uses it for the intended purpose. I pluck the apple off the tree and I eat it. It is being used for its intended purpose. So it the ripening phase would essentially be done when I pull it off of the off of the stock and it's there and it's being used for its intended purpose. So in the ripening phase now scripturally ripening is to when you have received now you got to take it back and then apply it here to Galatians chapter 4. If we are ripening then we have received the baptism of the Holy Spirit. We remain in the presence of the revealed word until the husbandman brings that life to his idea of maturity, not yours. In in and this is a very important passage now to understand in James chapter 5 verse 7 it says this be patient therefore brethren until the coming of the Lord. This is directly directly speaking to you about this topic. It's James is saying be patient therefore brethren unto the coming of the Lord. Behold the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it until he received the early and the latter rain. Amen. So the rain falls and the um there's an early rain, there's a latter rain. And uh brother Benham was very uh clear when he said this is not a Pentecostal age. This is not a former age. We don't believe Moses message. We believe what God has revealed today, which is the mystery should be finished when the seventh angel shall begin to sound. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Paul would summarize it so beautifully when he says this is the mystery unto the Gentiles. Christ in you, the hope of glory. And when you are in Christ, you are no longer a servant. You are a son and daughter of God. Amen. But we have patience and we wait for the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it until he receive the early and the latter reign. In other words, I think so many times we have an idea of maturity, a state of being. If I could only be at that point, Brother Steve, that person that you're talking about way down, the person that I am, the person who's really maybe struggling, the person who is all, you know, filled with self-doubt, maybe the person who's doing just fine, but I I feel lost. That person, everybody with me? Yes, that person has to come to the husband's the husbandman's idea of maturity, not yours. Because you're thinking, "Oh, if I if I can do this and I can be this." You're thinking like a servant. You're thinking, "If I could only be this and do that, and if I could only, you know, get rid of this and get rid of that." Well, yeah, you might be better off if you could get rid of this and get rid of that. Sure. I'm sure you would be better. But the absence of those things won't bring you any more closer to God because he is the life, the truth, and the way. So when he comes, those things will begin to literally just fade away. The struggles and the the um the the the the person that you dislike so much on the inside, as you get closer to the Lord, that begins to change because you start to not think like a servant anymore. If I could just be that idea of maturity, then I'll be fine. If I could just get rid of this, I'm not I don't want to really surrender myself, but I I'll do it. I I'll get rid I'll get rid of this. I'll go fill the glass. Just give me the glass. I'll fill the glass and I'll go and do it. If you're thinking in that way and thinking like a a servant, then your fellowship with the Lord is going to really struggle. That's right. And in that deep down place, your narratives that you play out, every single one of us have a narrative, right? A a way of thinking or a way of talking. Peter references it, the hidden man of the heart. The Hebrews referred to thinking and will and all of all of those things as the heart. So Peter is saying as you think in your heart, right? That hidden person. That's right. That's what God wants. And he wants you to move from thinking like a servant to living like a son and daughter of God. So we come to the husbandman's idea of maturity, not our own. That's right. Because if we if we're thinking, "Oh, well, if I could just be that person or if I could just be that titan of a of a of a of a believer at some point, then I'll be fine. Everything will be fine. I won't have any struggles. You know, I I'll I'll have overcome all of these things." and I'll be just fine. When in actuality, it's the husbandman. It's the farmer. It's the one who takes the harvest. He is the one that says it's ready. Yeah. So, your idea or perception of what that looks like is is is totally different than what the husband may look like. Now, he gives us a lot of clarity as to how to live and to an idea of what that looks like. Right. Right. We have an idea of what that looks like. But if you're thinking in terms of, well, I just if I could just do these different things, then that will bring me closer to the Lord. When he is saying, I don't look at you like that. In other words, I don't this is not you're not going to come by and get your paycheck at the end of the day. Right? That's how you live your life. That's how you go to your work. That's how you go to your job. That should not be and that is not fellowship with the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. That is a servants's mindset. If I do these things and I I really push myself and I I really try to do good, then then the Lord will slip me a paycheck at the end of the day and then I'll be fine. Very good. And you can I am I am amazed at the amount of the older generation who live like that. Yeah, it's true. I counsel so many people who are who are very long long in their years, senior in their days, and they think like that. Yeah. Well, if I if I could only do that or if I could only be that person. I I don't even know how to uh uh totally describe it. I think you know what I'm saying. Yeah, I hope you do. And they live a servant's religion. Yeah. Instead of by faith as a son and daughter of God. Amen. Now, in that ripening phase, and that and and I believe that that's spiritual ripening is the Holy Spirit bringing into uh uh bringing you as an individual into a realization of your inheritance. Amen. That's what ripening is. Is bringing you into a realization into uh really identifying this is who I am in Christ. Remember brother Benam, he he made that phrase. He says when she knows who she is, she'll be taken. I believe that ripening phase is the Lord bringing you into the realization that you are not a servant. Amen. But you are a son and daughter of God. Hallelujah. You are not a hired help in in the house of almighty God. But you are an heir of Christ with all things. Every promise in the book really is yours. Amen. You are not a hired help in the in the house of God because you are not adequate enough to be a child. Maybe because of years and years of bad behavior or years and years of of of that condition thinking of well I'm not I'm not worthy because I've got this struggle and I've got that struggle struggle. You will never be worthy enough to be a son and daughter of God in your flesh. You never will be. You will never measure up to to your idea of what you should be. you will never do it. So stop struggling with that and wrestling with that. Instead, surrender to the person of the Lord Jesus Christ and start thinking and living like a son and daughter of God who is an heir to every promise in the book. A son and daughter of God who can lay claim with the with the authority that God has given you to a promise. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. to a place where you can really come into an identification of who you are in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ to say it is no longer I who live yet I live. It is Christ who lives through me. Satan get thee behind me. You shall not prevail. Instead of let letting him plague your mind in that hidden person. You look great here and we're worshiping the Lord here. I'm talking about who you really are and I don't want to play around anymore. This is too late an hour. I'm getting to an age uh where I'm I think I'm still pretty young, but I don't want to fool around. I want to really be uh uh uh where God wants me to be. I want to be able to live my privileges. I don't want to let the let Satan bring me uh down and and and twist my thinking and and wreak havoc on my on my mind. I want to bring those thoughts subject to the obedience of Christ. So that Satan does not have any foothold in my life. Beautiful. I can say with authority uh Satan, you you cannot uh trick me. Because I am not unaware of your devices. I know what you're up to. So get thee behind me. I am not going to allow that thought or that imagination or that conscience or that uh that reasoning to bring me to a place of anxiety to where it cripples me. Anxiety is is is is worrying about something that's in the future. It is it is an impending thing. You can have anxiety about your job. I'm going to be fired. I'm going to be fired. Well, if you haven't been fired yet, then that is that may or may not be true. It is not a reality. It is a fabrication, which is an imagination, which is Satan's avenue into your brain. Right? That's true. So, Satan will will really push you in that direction. And you can allow yourself to get caught up with that, allowing Satan a foothold in your mind. This is Bible 101, right? And you can allow Satan to get a foothold to the point where he he will say, "You're definitely going to be fired." And you know what? You don't deserve to have another job. And when your family won't be able to take care of themselves, you will be ashamed of yourself. And so you'll be anxious. Now, if you're really bad at work, you probably need to get better at work so you don't get fired. And if you are going to be if you are if you are about to get fired and you deserve to be fired, then I hope that your boss has a real honest talk with you and said, "Bro, you need to you need to shake up. You need to you need to get yourself together here because you were late uh for 3 months straight to work by 3 hours." Well, then you probably need a little good talk there. Maybe it was the Lord that allowed that situation to come about. Amen. So if you if you need a talk from your boss, I pray that he gives it to you so you will shape up because if you do something, you should do it as unto the Lord. So if you're going to go live your life, live as a son and daughter of God, not like a half-hearted servant. Whatever your hand finds itself to do, do it as unto the Lord. Amen. So whatever you do for a living, do it well. Do it strong. do it uh intelligently. God gave you a brain. Use it. But don't let the devil bring you to a place of fabrication in your mind where you are imagining things that aren't there. I'll never get married. I'll never get married. I'll never get married. That hasn't happened yet. It's it may or may not happen. It's a fabrication. So, you can get to a point where I I'm not going to get married. I'm not going to get married. I'm I'm I'm too ugly. I'm too ugly. I'm not going to get married. And that's it's it's nonsense. But you can allow yourself to think that deep down. And outside you, you know, you're happy, you're nice, you're everything. But deep down, Satan can be totally messing with you. True. a Holy Ghost bornagain Christian, a Holy Ghost fil person, and Satan is wreaking havoc in your mind, in your thinking. You can allow Satan to get a foothold. I don't believe a a Holy Ghost fililled believer can be possessed of a demon, but you can absolutely be oppressed by the enemy. We face it all the time. So, we can absolutely be oppressed by the enemy. And the enemy can get strongholds in your thinking. He can take memories. He can take past actions. He can take all those things. And he can he can mess with you deep deep deep down. You don't have to live like that. Amen. You don't have to let Satan just do whatever he wants. He He has no power over you. But what you let him do. Exactly. He's really good at it. Now, Satan has nothing better to do than to mess with you. I mean, really, what else is he going to do, right? They have nothing. They have not the spirits and and Satan have nothing other to do. They really don't. So they're they're they're probably going to mess with you, right? Uh they don't, you know, they don't they don't go to the beach. So they are d they are uh Satan and his his army are very focused on you and naturally your thinking. That's why brother Brandon would preach the sermon, the greatest battle ever fought is in your mind. Holy Ghostfilled, bornagain Christian. And yet Satan can can can really mess with you. You and and you can literally be thinking like a servant. if I if I just if I didn't do that or if I you know and when you should be able to move into living like a son and daughter of God to say no Satan get thee behind me I'm repeating myself on purpose now this is a Wednesday night so that 30% of your brain capacity I hope that this resonates with you and you remember this after we're done you can genuinely and truly by the by the resurrected power of Almighty God say, "Satan, get thee behind me." Amen. I'll have no part in this and move forward. Yes. In strength, in a in a ripening stage because you won't get it right all the time, right? You're in the flesh. Paul would say it best. It's not that I have ascertained. It's not that I have attained. It's not that I am already perfect, but I press towards the mark of the high calling. I forget those things which are behind me. That means I'm not going to let the past dictate the future. I can't delete the memories, but I'm not going to let the past dictate how I am behaving right now in this moment. And in this moment, beautiful. As brother Brandham would say, down with Satan and his gloom and up with faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. So in every moment that God hands crafts and gives to you, you can in that moment say, "Satan, get thee behind me." Exactly. And bring that thought subject to the obedience of Christ. You know what that looks like? Maturity. That is someone who is strong, who is settled, who is sure, who lives with assurance and not just lives a servant's religion of I'm going to I'm going to try my best on the outside and look apart, but I'm a wreck on the inside. I don't want to live like that. I don't want that. You don't have to have it either. That's right. You are a son and daughter of God purchased with a price. And the blood of Jesus Christ has made a way for you to sit in this room tonight as a son and daughter to be able to say, "Satan, get thee behind me. I will not let you wreak havoc in my thinking. I will not let you destroy my attitude, my mindset. I have taken on the mind of Christ. By the power of the Holy Spirit, I have the mind of Christ. So I am not unaware of your devices and I say get thee behind me. And then what you do is you turn around and you say Lord help me with my wife. Help me with my husband. Yeah. Help me to be the kind of a man that I need to be in my home because I don't know what that looks like. I need to I want to know. The scripture is very clear. Ask of God wisdom and he'll give it to you liberally. You've got to ask it. But you first have to say, "Satan, get thee behind me." And say, "Lord, I I I want to know what does it mean to be a godly, strong husband in my home? What does it mean to be a strong wife, a mother? What does it mean to really raise my children in the admonition of the Lord? What does it mean to be uh uh to live assured, strong, stable?" Very good. You know what it kind of looks like in uh I believe it was Galatians or no it was Joshua chapter um I believe it was Joshua chapter 10 if I'm not mistaken on my 30% of my brain power I believe it was Joshua chapter 10 in Joshua they're fighting they're in the promised land Ephesians Joshua they are placed so they came out of Egypt and God really had to deal with them it's a very interesting concept in in Galatia Joshua chapter 5, they come out of Egypt and that whole generation had to die. Uh and so now they're in the promised land. And as soon as they go out of the pro, as soon as they go into the promised land, the scripture says that they eat of the fruit of their vineyards that same year. The mana stopped falling from the sky as soon as they went into the promised land. Amen. In other words, the scripture all throughout scripture, milk, meat, child, adult. When I became a man, I put away childish things. We should no longer be children being fed milk. We should be able to handle meat. In other words, we should no longer act like children. We need to grow up. We have the revealed word of the hour. Now, there's all all of us different stages in our lives here. There's some that are very young, just starting out in their journey. There's some of you who have been uh in the message of the hour longer than I have been alive. Proof God has a sense of humor because I'm standing here preaching that and you've been in the message longer than I've been alive. That's that's God. Yeah, sure. And yet you you have to come to a place wherever you are because I know a lot of old people that are that are way older than me who who are not mature at all. They think like children. They act like children. So this is not respective of age. I know a lot of young people that are strong. They think steady. They walk circumspectly as Paul would say. strong, sure, sober, vigilant, as a as a ripening believer in this last day as the fruit of almighty God. That's why brother Bannon would say a seed word bride is because the fruit produces. It's the same. It's the original seed. It's the fruit. So what went into the ground? It comes out as the fruit. It's seed again. So in that stage of of where you are as where we are as the bride of Jesus Christ, you are in a place of ripening, not growth, what what occurred through the other ages. You are in a place where God is just now ready to take us away. You are in a place where you need to grow up in your faith. This is no longer a time to be a child, to act like a child, to think like a child. milk, meat, child, adult. And when the Israelites come out of wandering in the wilderness and they come into their their possession into their land, the mana stopped and they went to till their own ground. It's an amazing thing. They ate the corn of the land, the old corn of the land. It says that in other words, they were planting. They were tending their fields. They knew what to do and they went to work. In other words, they were no longer saying, "Well, you know, I'm uh I'll I'll I'll do my work, but the Lord is gonna the Lord is going to, you know, uh send down mana from heaven. Where's the mana this morning? There's no mana this morning." They were they got up and they tilled the ground. In other words, they were acting as a placed son and daughter of God. Because Ephesians now parallels Joshua and Ephesians is placing the son and daughter of God. You are in Christ Jesus sitting in heavenly places right now. You are made the habitation of God through the spirit. So that spirit that is on the inside of you is life. Amen. Amen. So you don't have to live or think like a servant. You can act and speak as a son and daughter of God. Look at this passage here in Galatians chapter 4. Then I'll go back to Joshua. It says this. And because in verse 6 in Galatians 4, because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts crying, "Aba, father." In other words, the spirit that is on the inside of you is crying out. That's why when Moses came to the rock and he he already had the word of God and he said, "Lord, what should I do?" And the Lord literally looks at him and says, "Why are you crying about this? Speak." Amen. Right. Right. Stop crying. Stop wondering. Speak. You have the word of God. You know what must be done. Speak to it then. And he's saying here that voice in you is the spirit of God. It's the spirit of God that's in you crying abba father. You know what that term abba father means? It's an intimate relationship. It's not a father. It's lord. I need you. Yeah, that spirit that is on in on the inside of you, the life of Christ knows precisely what to do. That's good. If you if you cover it over with a servant's mindset, then you will be spiritually stagnant. Yes, you will. And God is not in the business of keeping people stagnant. He wants them to move forward. one foot in front of the other, one step after the other, moving towards a destination. Amen. He wants you to think like a son and daughter of God in the land. You know, it's very interesting going back to Joshua chapter 10, Joshua is standing there and they're fighting and in that passage uh in in Galatians chapter 10 or uh Joshua chapter 10. He he's he he doesn't he doesn't say now uh you know what's the the battle is raging and we need more time. So I I uh let's let's pray. Lord uh we need more time and we need uh I need you to help me figure this out. I really need you to help me figure this out. And I think sometimes, and I I mentioned this just a couple days ago in in a service, I think sometimes we are in danger of overspiritualization sometimes. And I don't want to be a person who overspiritualizes. I don't want to be a person who spiritualizes. So I don't want the Lord to be trying to get a hold of me and I'm I'm saying, "Well, no, that's there's nothing to that. I don't know. I'm going to go this way." And I don't want to be that. I don't want to undersspiritualize if the Lord is trying to speak to you. Sometimes he'll use a person. Sometimes he'll use your pastor. Sometimes you use a song, whatever it was, he wants to speak to you. He wants to tell you things. You've got to listen. So, I don't want to undersspiritualize, but I certainly don't want to overspiritualize. To the point where and I this is what I mentioned the other day, but you know, you get a a chicken nugget in the shape of a cross and you're thinking, "Oh, the Lord has spoken to me. I should buy that boat that I've been wanting to buy. Thank you, Lord. I'll be $40,000 in debt. But this is from the Lord. This chicken nugget. And you can overspiritualize it. Amen. Right. When you know that you shouldn't go in debt for a $40,000 boat. It's just not a good idea. There's all kinds of scriptural principles whereby we live, right? And one of them is a prudent man foresees the evil. And the evil is that that boat is going to break down. So don't go into debt for it. save, maybe work a little bit more, try to try to work a little bit more and then save up and buy the boat. But we can, you know, overspiritualize because we want to do the thing that we want to do, right? And we can be in danger of it. In Joshua chapter 10, Joshua spoke directly to the son. Come on. You know the story. He didn't he didn't need to to do anything else other than to say, "Son, stand still." because the Lord has already given us this victory. So, I don't need to wonder. I I I I I don't know exactly how it's going to happen, but I know we need more time. So, son, stand still. And we're going to go on with what the Lord has given us. Amen. And they won the battle. So many times, I wonder if the Lord has just put us in a place where we know what we need to do and we don't speak it. Yeah. when the very spirit of God is in your heart crying abba father I don't I don't want to be the kind of a person that lives like a servant that thinks like a servant I want to be a son and daughter of God beautiful I want to walk in a place of inheritance I wanna I want to live in a place where no matter what comes my way, I can be strong and sure and steady, not tossed to and fro by every wind. That's good, but able to discern, able to deal with what comes my way. Don't misunderstand me. I'm not advocating for an absence of difficulty because we will never be without difficulty. I am not saying that you will come to a place or you should come to a place or you should try to come to a place where your circumstances will be perfect because they will not. What I am saying is that deep down inside person there God wants to meet you. Amen. And in that place, you need to stop acting with the religious attitude of a of a servant. And you need to understand that you have been positionally placed in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ as the bride of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. You are a seedword bride. Amen. You are in a place where the Holy Spirit is in you. And Jesus himself says, "I don't think of you then like a servant. I call you a friend because the father is going to show you what you have need to do. The Lord will provide you an answer. Amen. Christ is the answer. He will give you a uh you know the direction. He'll give you the answer to your problem. Yes. He'll give you the solution. Yes. You've got to ask him and be willing to wait. Sometimes you have to wait for it. You have to wait for the the rustling in the malberry bushes. Yeah. But you've got to be able to be in a place where you say, "Lord, what comes my way? I want to be strong. I want to be sure. Regardless of what people are saying around me, what may what what what happens here, what's going on in this circumstance, you can truly be in a place where you don't have to waver. Brother Brandham said it was the hidden place, eating of the hidden mana. And he, brother Bham went to such extent to where he said in that place that person will never be overcome. Amen. He said that person will have the victory all the time if they are eating of the hidden mana in the holy of holies in the holiest place in where the ark is there is a a container of mana here I'm going back in in time there was a hidden mana and he said if if you eat of that mana that life will sustain you right yes sir I want to be the kind of a believer who doesn't just play act who doesn't just come to church and acts like a good Christian on the outside and goes home and can't can't deal with it with with the devil, can't deal with the enemy, right? What what why would you do that? Why would you want that kind of a life? Why would you want to be a person who feels like a hypocrite inside all the time? It's it's an exhaustive place to be. Yes. So don't be there, right? In in Ephesians, he says, "Wake up, thou that sleepest." Yes. Arise, thou that sleepest. Maybe you're in that place tonight. I don't know. I just I just felt I I was going in a different direction. I just felt to come back to that simple statement. That simple statement. And that's all I have for you tonight is that we should not be thinking and acting like servants. If God himself doesn't call you a servant, he doesn't look at you like a hired help in the kingdom of God. He looks at you as his friend. Amen. He looks at you as a son and daughter of God, heir of all things through Christ Jesus. Every promise in the book is yours. You don't have to waver. You don't have to wonder. You have the authority to speak to Satan and to say, "Get thee behind me. You don't have to struggle anymore. You're a son and daughter of God. You have the ability to overcome the voice that is on the inside of you crying aba father. Why cry? Speak. If we could all, brother, we say if we could all get in harmony under that revelation. That's right. The bride will go." Yeah. Do you realize who you are tonight? It's not on the basis of what you can do alone. Right? You're not saved by that. You're not made perfect by that. But if you can live like a son and daughter of God, he will he will expedite and and increase that ripening phase in you. And you'll be able to look back and say, "No, it's not on the basis of what I can do. But I I'll show you my faith by my works." He will begin to do the work in you. It'll no longer be you. It'll be Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. You'll be able to come to a place where you can be strong mentally strong of of uh and and be able to gird the loins of your mind to be able to say, "No, no, no, no, Satan. You're not going to get you're not going to uh uh uh wreak havoc in my thinking and I'm not going to live in this anxiety uh for however long. I'm done with it." Right? Amen. You can come to a place where you can say, "Satan, it is greater that is that is within me than he that is within the world." So I can walk strong and I can walk assuredly. You've got to intentionally do that. You've got to press into the Holy Spirit. Draw nigh unto him and he will in turn draw nigh unto you. It's a scriptural principle. You've got to press into him. Why are you crying? Speak. Yeah. Move forward in faith and in confidence. Stop wondering. Stop waiting. If God has given you that word, move forward. Do what he has said to do. Amen. I think if if if if we are the bride of Jesus Christ and the best that we can do as individuals, I'm talking on an individual level now. If the best that we can do is act like a Christian in church and then go home and be wondering, well, am I, you know, am I am I wearing, you know, should I I've got this struggle and I got that and dealing and letting Satan have have his way. Is that the best that we can do? As I'm talking in an individual level now, and it is not. I am here to tell you that the Lord can do mighty things through you. You are handcrafted by almighty God. Amen. Suicide should should not have should not have its way with you. You are bought with a price. You are God's. And a suicidal spirit will start coming around. You absolutely have the authority by almighty God to say, "No, get thee behind me. I am of value in the sight of God." To the point that he called me his friend. That's to you. That's not to some other group of believers out there. That is to you as an individual in this room tonight. He called you his friend. He doesn't look at you like a servant. As if, oh man, I spilled the glass and it broke on the floor and the master is going to be really mad at me. He doesn't look at you like that. He looks at you as a son and a daughter of God. Amen. All the glasses are yours. Amen. So you break one, I think it'll be fine. Right? We live holy. We live true. Are you with me? We don't compromise on standards of holiness and truth and goodness and righteous living. We live according to the word. Believers believe. So I'm not saying that you can do whatever you want to do. I am saying that when you do make a mistake, he is gracious. Amen. Amen. I want to be strong, steady, sure. I want to come to that place where God wants me to be, not my idea of it. And you know what that takes? Rest. Yes. So, if I could leave you with anything tonight, I want you I want to leave you with this. Don't live like a servant. Live like a son and daughter of God. Live in your position. Live where God has placed you by the by the by his shed blood. Be be in a place where he can move you. He can shape you and mold you. Don't Don't live in that deep down place unhealthily. Surrender to him. Amen. Go before the Lord boldly and say, "Lord, I don't want to live like that anymore." You know, when brother Bham said, "We should be the happiest people on earth." Doesn't that feel so out of reach most of the time? You're thinking, "Yeah, amen. I no." And and I I I genuinely believe that you can come to that place when you move away from a a religious servant's attitude to a son and daughter of God to the place where you can say, "I can be of good cheer. Because God has overcome the world." Amen. No matter what comes my way, I know that God will make a way. I am standing on the word. I'm standing on the promises of God. and I I will be of good cheer. I believe that you can come to that place, even if you've got marital trouble, family trouble, financial trouble, you fill in the blank, you can be at that place where you can genuinely be happy. We don't find happiness in our circumstances. We find happiness in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. And I want to be a person who can be happy at rest, strong, sure, steady. Do you want that? The ripening phase is a work of God, not a work of man. If I could ripen all of you right now to the state of maturity, I would. I'm sure if brother Rowan could have done that, he would have done it years ago. It is a work of the Holy Spirit in you. This is not some other group of believers that we're talking about. This is you. Every single person in this room, irrespective of age, God wants to deal and work with you. He does not look at you like a servant. He has called you to a higher place. the bride of the last age. He calls you son and daughter of God of great value. Yes. Would you bow your heads with me? I want to pray with you. And I just want to leave you with that. That thought, stop living like a servant. Live like a son and daughter of God. Use the authority that God gave you and speak to the enemy. Get thee behind me. Ask of God liberally and he will give you wisdom. Pursue the leading of the Holy Spirit in your life. Lord, what would you have me to do? Where would you have me to go? Maybe you're in a place where you are crying. God said to Moses when he had the word, every promise was his. He said, "Why are you crying? Speak." So I challenge you. I challenge that deep down person that nobody in this room sees. Why are you crying? Speak. It's the spirit of the Lord crying. Abba father God called you no more a servant. Yes, you are his son. Thank you Lord. You are his son. You are his daughter. That's the Lord speaking to you directly from his written word. That is not a hope so. That is not a maybe. That is the that is the word of almighty God. Yes. I call you son. I call you daughter. So live like it. Amen. Claim your place. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, there's no doubt so many individuals in this room, young, middle-aged, old, where deep down Lord, intellectually we know we are in a ripening phase, but deep down they might be hurting. They might be struggling. [Music] Lord, I just pray and you you alone can do this. I pray that you would just sweep over every heart and mind. I pray that you would have the preeminence this evening to work in our lives. May we open enough, Lord, that you would be able to deal with us, that you would be able to lift us up from servant to son, from servant to daughter. Hallelujah. Lord, I will never stop serving you. By your mercy and your grace, I don't want to ever stop serving you. But I don't want to think like a servant. I want to act like a son and daughter of God. Amen. I want to be the son you called me to be. And I don't even know completely what that looks like. You do. And that's good enough for me. So have your way in me. This moment have your way in me. I don't have tomorrow yet, but I have this moment. So have your way in me. Work in me. Yes, Jesus. Lord, I pray for in the individuals in this room that you would help them. Lord, I myself, I I I say we have hungry hearts. We need you. We feel like we can't even walk without you holding our hand. So, Lord, I pray for my brothers and sisters tonight. Would you lift us up, Lord? I pray. Would you allow us to sing the song, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. May you have your way this evening. We thank you for this moment, but Lord, I pray that it would not pass for that individual that deep down they are unhealthy. May you meet them there. [Music] You have the power to lift us up. May we [Music] surrender a slave to fear. Let's sing it now. I am child of God. I'm no longer a slave. Let's stand and sing it. I am a child of God. Sing this now. Oh, you unravel me with a meloyy. You surround me with a song. This is true of deliverance from my enies till all my feet have gone. Sing it now. Oh, I'm no longer slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Sing it now. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Yes, Lord. I am a child of God. Sing this verse now. from my mother's womb. You have chosen me. Love [Music] has my name. Oh, I born again with your family. Oh, sing it like you mean it now. Blood throws through my veins. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Yes, Lord. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am [Music] child. I am surrounded by the arms of the father. [Applause] [Music] I am surrounded by liberated. Yes. Thank you, Lord. [Music] From Yes. with sons and daughters. Let us let us [Music] free. You split the sea so I could walk right through the wind. My fears are drowned in perfect love. Oh, you resueed me. Oh, I will stand and sing. I am a child of God. Oh, praise the Lord. Sing it now. No longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. [Music] [Applause] Wonderful. living like his son. There were so many golden nuggets and I know there was somebody in here that needed it because it even spoke to my heart. Hey, it's not a worksoriented ba base that we have. It's faith-based revelation. I know who I am. I was birthed into this. I was predestinated, ordained. I want to take my position because I know who I am. Amen. Praise the Lord. That was wonderful, was it not? Praise the Lord. Spiritual ripening. Brother Brennham said, "Watch that final stage of maturity. There is no visible growth." In other words, the apple has finally just it's come to its fullness, but now it's got to ripen and it stays there and it just ripens on the inside. Hallelujah. And he said that's what's happening. We need to lay in the presence of the sen and let all the greenness, let all this worksbased stuff get burned right out of us and realize, huh? Amen. That we need to live like a son. Amen. What a wonderful word. Sister Maggie has got a a testimony. And I had told her and if you don't mind and if some of you have got to leave and some of you that's fine. Sister Maggie, would you come up here now? I don't know if you're going to need a translator. If you want to say it in English, you can all be seated for a moment. You can be [Music] seated. Come up here, Sister Maggie. She had an incident the other day and she wants to share that with you and uh so we're going to take the time here uh right now. Sister Maggie, please. God bless you. Yes. I'd like to share my testimony with you and hopefully it's going to encourage one of you here. The Lord has been so good to me and I have no way to thank him for what he did to me. I'm a living testimony today standing in front of you. So I just want to thank God. Praise him. Words are not enough. Word are not enough. Two weeks ago, I fainted and collapsed uh outside the graduation ceremony. And uh when I collapsed, I didn't know what happened next. I was gone. My spirit was going. I felt like I was already gone. I didn't feel my body, but I just felt like my spirit was going. And the people that were around me started praying, started screaming, started uh all that they could. But when my spirit was leaving, I heard a voice calling my name from far because if your spirit is going and that's the only thing you can hear is the voice. So I responded to that voice when I heard that voice it was sister Ivon's mukbite voice. So I've been told like when I fainted she was the first one who came and started praying praying hard and that was a real strong prayer and that prayer for sure that the prayer that bring me back to life. So I just want to share this testimony to with you like the God that we serving is a miracle working God. Is a living God. So no matter what the devil can show you, don't accept it because the devil was trying to take my life away before and I refuse it. The devil God showed me several times in my dreams. There were two sisters that passed like they were trying to call me like come let's go home come let's go home they've been calling me several time and then I was refusing to go with them I say no I'm not going and they say why are you afraid I say I'm not afraid but I'm not coming with you and the other third dream I had that was my mom and then somebody told me somebody that I know asked me to like go your mom is calling you and And when I heard my mom was calling me at that time I had no fear. I was going to my mom in my dream and I was like okay this is my mom calling me I have to go now. So when I reach to my mom and then my mom said no I wasn't calling you go back this is not your time I didn't call you. I didn't call your name. So every time that I've seen my mom in my dream, she always like an angel to me like protecting me. Even though the devil was trying to use those other two sisters faces to call me to take my life before time, but God didn't finish with me. So I just want to thank God and praise him for what he did for the prayers that my brothers, sisters showed and prayed for me that I'm alive today because of his grace. and love. So never lose faith. Our God is still working. God bless you. Hallelujah. Let's all stand together. We'll sing a closing song. Create in me a clean heart. I enjoyed that analogy that they didn't have anything to to say the word for the brain. So, they talked about the heart. But the Bible says as a man thinks in his heart, so is he. Amen. Well, Lord, don't let me be so carnal anymore to live in that servant realm about the works and what I should and I I'm not good enough and I'll never be good enough. Servants never go to the master's refrigerator and get what they need to eat. Only sons and daughters. If you need something, it's your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Create in me a clean [Music] heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew her right spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from my presence and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of my [Music] salvation and renew the right spirit within me. Heavenly Father, certainly I believe everyone that was here this evening can say it was good to be in your [Music] house for us to understand about [Music] maturity taking captive every thought, every imagination unto the obedience of Christ. Think it not robbery that this mind that was in him be in you. Father, I pray that you will allow each one that heard this sermon tonight, those at home, those that archive it, whatever. I pray heavenly father let them think and ponder and meditate upon this and may they have a change of heart which is actually a change of mind and how do they change their mind because revelation transforms us. Let us go beyond confirmation and conforming, but be ye transformed in the renewing or the maturing of your mind. that we may no longer little babes desiring the sincere milk of the word, but we are mature, strong believers, Father, able to take the strong meat of the word, spiritual food in due season, the revealed word for this hour. That we might eat. For where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together. Father, I thank you. I pray that you will bless each and everyone that's here tonight. Watch over us and keep us. Father, many are traveling. Many are going to our youth camp. I pray, oh God, watch over everyone. Angels of God, ride with those in cars, buses, trains, planes. It doesn't matter how they get there. And heavenly father, we'll be certain to give you the praise and the honor and glory. I thank you for the service tonight. Bless our brother Steve for his labor in Christ tonight. What a blessing I can say it was to be in your house tonight. I thank you. I praise you. I ask these things for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Turn around. Shake somebody's hand. You are dismissed. God bless you. Go in peace. pray for the services at camp. We'll see you after camp. God bless [Music] you. [Music] See the [Music] Hello. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
