################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-07 - The Revealing of the Open Book was a Declaration of War Part 3 - Bro. Ron Peterson - Ron Peterson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-07
Title:   The Revealing of the Open Book was a Declaration of War Part 3 - Bro. Ron Peterson
Speaker: Ron Peterson
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzaxP0kmxjY
========================================

[Music] [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus. [Music] Wow. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Never bring me down. Let us stand and worship the Lord today. I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain [Applause] and make the sun shine again. I know the master Sing the chorus again. Lord, we love you this morning. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. [Applause] I know. Amen. Let's sing it again. Thank you, Lord, that we know you and the power of your resurrection. I know the master of the wind. [Applause] I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I cried, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] And you can have all this world. Give me shield when I am alone and when I am alone. Oh, when I am the times that it's just you and him. When I am. Would this be your prayer? Give me Jesus. Sing the chorus. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. And you can have all this world. Give me Jesus. Amen. That's my prayer this morning. My prayer every day. I fail him every day. But my prayer, Lord, give yourself more to me. And I'm thankful that his mercies are new every morning today. Amen. The more that I surrender. We have a lot of needs this morning. We have some wonderful praise reports as well. If you got something on your heart, surrender it to him. Cast your cares upon him because he cares this morning. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. [Music] and humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, every day I live, Lord. I love you, Lord. If you got a need today, lift your knee as we sing it to him this morning. are more than I surrender. The lighter. Lord, we're casting our cares on you this morning. More than I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that the more he lifts me up every day I live. Yes, Lord. We love you more and more. Want to welcome back the ones that have been traveling and want to welcome you back to the house of the Lord. We have a a group from Mexico here. We want to welcome you this morning. May the Lord bless you and any other guests and visitors. We welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus. We have several needs that we'd like to present to you this morning. Brother Steve Saunders, if you'll come to take these needs to the Lord today. We ask brother Steve to come and pray. Sister, we have a request this morning from brother Tim Robas. Please pray for sister Gabby Robas for an unspoken prayer request. Let's remember her. faithful streamer from Florida, South Florida, Sister Jennifer Dose. She has a head cold. Want to remember her this morning. May the Lord touch her during the service as she streams. I want to remember brother Kelly McMill McMillan from Edmonton. We've had several prayer requests for him. He has throat cancer. Lord willing, this Tuesday he'll be able to have surgery. He hasn't been able to eat or drink anything since May 22nd. So, let's remember him and the Lord would guide the surgeon's hands. Sister Charlotte says, "This morning, I have a prayer request. I'd like to be remembered in prayer as I travel to Africa with my daughter this coming week." God bless you all. Let's remember Sister Charlotte and her daughter as they travel to Africa. Our praise reports this morning. Sister Gracia Castor says, "Praise the Lord for uh his healing touch on Thursday. When I woke up, I had no sickness and I was full of energy and I want to thank you for your prayers." So, we thank the Lord for this this morning. Sister Georgia Robas says, "Please remember me and my family in prayer for traveling mercies and safety while on family vacation from July 10th returning to the 21st." So, let's remember them for traveling mercies as well. Uh, Sister Maria, Maria Argosola says this morning, I want to thank you all for your prayers for Sister Cindy Martin. Sister Cindy had open heart surgery a few weeks ago and she is now home and she's recuperating. She's from the press uh the Prescat Valley area, Dwey. And I want to thank the G I want to give you a true praise and glory back to God. A few months ago, the church prayed for my niece uh Ann Louise Chavez. Her kidneys were failing and now the doctors are seeing that uh her kidney is healing and her creatin level is going back down close to normal range and we thank the Lord for that. So thank the Lord for these two praise reports. Uh we have a a praise report here. Another request, excuse me. Church, please remember to pray for Sister Jo. Thank you for praying for Sister Josie Robless and keeping her in her prayers. I keep going uh keep in I keep needing your prayers and I want to say thank you for your prayers and all that he's doing for me. So, let's remember her as well. And then also, Sister Lorie Snow was able to travel home from Washington to Tucson on Thursday and we're thankful for that. and we just ask the Lord to touch her now that she's in the next phase. She needs our prayers and their family needs our prayers. They're in a new transition. So, let's remember Sister Lori and brother Randy and their family. The Lord would just continue to heal her body and give them strength in their family. Can you remember them as well this morning? Amen. Brother Steve, if you'll lead us in prayer, if you have a need, just pray with Brother Steve as he prays this morning. Bow our hearts and heads to him, Lord. We just love you, Lord. Thank you for giving us strength, Lord, today. And Lord, you brought us to your house for a reason, Lord. We believe that, Lord. And it's because of you and the word and the me the message that's in our hearts, Lord, that we just love you. And it draws us to your presence here this morning. We just thank you for that, Lord. We have many needs, Lord, this morning. Throat cancer, Lord. A lot of unspoken needs, Lord. uh sicknesses and some traveling mercies and bringing uh people back to you. Lord, we just pray now that you would just have your will and weigh in each and every life, Lord, here that's represented at these ones that have written these requests down. Lord, we know that you can heal and you have showed us with these praise reports, Lord. We just thank you for them and we just remember now that you'd have your way with us as as we listen to the word. May you bless this speaker, Lord. Bless our hearts and have us pull on that gift, Lord. We just thank you for directing your love towards us. And this morning, Lord, we just love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Uh just a quick reminder, our lost and found basket on the left of the front door is getting quite full. So, if you've uh can check that out this morning, please look and see if you're missing anything. And then also right after service, we have a board meeting for our trustees in the conference room. Just from a reminder on that. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. It's good to have everyone here today. Amen. The Lord's good. Can you say amen? Amen. When I reach that city called Mount Zion, remember to pray for Israel and the peace of Jerusalem. And the Lord would keep his hand upon them. On top of that city is Mount Zion. key of F. On the top of Mount Zion is a city and his earth with its glory and just fil. I shall look on its beauty in the morning. When I reach that city on that hill and oh that city, it's called Mount Zion. And though I'll feel from yet I love thee still I'll lead thee through the ages till I reach that city on that hill and I'm invited to come home to that city for the word says whosoever will and I'll find up their mansion waiting for me when I reach that city on that hill and oh that city it's called Mount Zion and uphill from yet I love thee still not least through the aes till I reach city on that hill and death will never molest me in that city. Never leave me my ankle nor chill and I'll enter to live up there for it ever when I reach city on that hill and oh that city it's called Mount Zion hill yet I love thee still and I'll not [Music] through the ages till I reach city on that hill last so I'll stay here until my savior calls me trying day pleas to perform his will they'll say unto me well done up yawn under when I reach that city on that same course this morning. [Music] It's called Mount Zion. Go ahead. From yet I love thee still through the aes till I reach on that hill. [Music] Hallelujah. the greatest thing of all. He's invited us. He paid the price and he made a way. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. He's the Lord of glory. He's the great I am. Yes, sir. He's the alpha, the omega. Whatever your need is, Jesus Christ has the portion for you this morning. It's been a while since we sang this song. Feel led to singing it this morning. Behold, what manner of man is this who steal the page and see? He heals the lame, the slameless off, and makes the blind to see. He opens all the prison doors, and he sets the captives free. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? He's a Lord of glory. He is the great I am, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful, the prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold, what manner of man is this who spake to the woman at the well. everlasting life I will give to thee far richer than a man can kill. And whosoever shall drink of the well shall live eternally. Behold, what manner of man? What manner of man is he? He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. The alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. Wonderful. The prince of peace is she. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold, what manner of man is this who speaks to the lame and the hall. He says, "Thy sins be forgiven thee. Take up thy bed and walk." He stands as a mighty healer now and cries, "Come unto me." Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? And he's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful, the prince of peace and sh. He's the everlasting father through next verse. Behold, what manner of man is who stands between God and man. His eyes are as a flame of fire, and his man is in his head. John saw him in the seven churches as sun and brilliance. Behold, what manner of man is it? What manner of man is he? And he's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. And omega the beginning and the end. His name wonderful the prince of peace is here. The everlasting father throughout eternity. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time and we were sinners. So what were the yet for us he chose? I say thank you Lord. [Applause] his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify all that is love. It's heavenless it is and his mercy they shall never end. God is good. He put a song of praise in this part of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] Amen. Appreciate your worship this morning, but he appreciates it that much more. Amen. We have a group of brothers from Mexico here that are going to sing for us this morning if they'll get ready to come and sing for us today. Welcome, Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. [Music] Live inside of me. Brothers, if you'll come this morning, brothers, welcome, Holy Spirit. And we are in your presence in your power. [Music] Oh, live inside of me. You're the living water. [Music] watery. [Music] Come on up here on the platform behind the pull pit. Yeah. Grand counselor in control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. All colors. All colors. Your power. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Only three of them were in the music room practicing, but they got the whole group up here to sing for us. God bless you. All right. Who wants a microphone? We got three left. Okay, you guys can share one. She put her hand up. Last one. Oh, there you go. All right. All right, Lord bless. We welcome you here today. Thank you for coming and visiting us and come and put your shoulder to the wheel. May the Lord bless you this morning as you sing this morning. We have the words we'll put up in English as well. Amen. Lord bless them. Happy to be here, brothers. God bless you this morning. [Music] Are you the way you get [Music] sor only [Music] [Music] as Oh, the may [Music] [Music] has no down. Are you the only [Music] We [Music] get all your [Music] is more [Music] sorcering. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The man of God only [Music] [Music] [Music] you Oh, [Music] so it's all my [Music] [Music] Oh my coming [Music] your on the other way. on the other [Music] [Applause] [Music] All of the mayo. [Applause] [Music] [Music] God bless you, brothers. Amen. Thank you for singing that for us this morning. Brother Matt Vasaki's got a song special this morning. We'll bless all of you this morning. God bless you this morning. Brother Matt, if you'll get ready to sing. Thank you. [Music] Thank you. I haven't sang in a while, so feels good. [Music] I was poor, so poor as a beggar, unwanted and surely unclean. despised by the folks who lived around me, who would cringe at the sound of my name. Then one day I met a man called Jesus and he offered my soul everything and he welcomed me in. and he bought all my sin. And now I live in the house of the king. I don't dwell in a shack near life's ghetto. [Music] I don't cater to what sin may bring. But instead, I'm surrounded by angels and I live in the house of the king. Now sin takes its pride and its pleasure, but not one thing did it have for me. My days were all spent feeling sorry and my nights filled with the misery. But one day I was clothed in his glory just like tree budding leaves in the spring. Now my days are all blessed and my nights filled with rest because I live in the house of the king. I don't dwell in the shack near life's ghetto. [Music] I don't cater to what sin may bring. But instead, I'm surrounded by angels and I live in the house of the king. [Music] Amen. Thank you for our song specials today. Amen. Let's stand this morning. The house of a king. Amen. Hallelujah. What promises we have when we are in the house of the king. There's a fountain open in the house of David this morning. Hallelujah. This morning, Lord, let that fountain open today. And let it flow richly to our souls today, Lord. Amen. Would you like another drink from the fountain of living water? Let's sing this as brother Ron comes this morning. And there's a fountain open in the house of day to you would be we and there are streams of grace that's flowing down from C. Come now and receive. Let's lift our hands and sing it again. There's a B open in the house to you who would believe. We believe today Lord of grace that's falling down from now. Let's just bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you this morning. We honor your resurrection. And we thank you that there is an empty tomb in Jerusalem. Yes, Lord. That you live and reign forever on high. Father, I pray that as we enter into this portion of the service, you will receive all honor and glory. Lord, open every eye, Father, to more promises in your word that we might claim it as an inheritance, Father, for we know that your seed shall possess the gate of every enemy. Amen. remember those in need this morning. Those physical, spiritual, whatever the need be. Father, we place them before you knowing that you're a God that provides all our needs. We thank you. We praise you. We ask these things for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Turn around, shake somebody's hand, and you can be seated this morning. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can be seated. I bless you all this morning. I greet you in the lovely name of Jesus. We have uh uh brother Benito Garcia who is from Metto Morsos, Mexico. Um, and so I'm going to ask him to come forward. He was with some of his family and saints that came from the church there. If he'll come at this time and Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Will you translate for him? Okay. Amen. Excuse me. God bless you lovely brothers. We're happy in this morning to be here in the house of the Lord church. This is the best place we are show we we have to be in the house of the Lord. The house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. A lot of people. They're in their pleasures. They're in the joys of the world. Their time only. But we are here in this place. hear the the word of God. Thank God for that. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brothers. This morning, our pastor, brother, God bless you, brother. God bless you. God bless you. Also, brother Warren. He's a great friend. our friend and he has visit us plenty of times on our meetings. God bless brother Warren, faithful friend, a faithful minister. Amen. God bless you. We're very happy to be here. Glory to God. pastor in Mexico, Mexico. We're here this morning like a group of 20 people, believers in the church. The rest of them stayed behind at the church, our local church. around 400 people in the church in this morning. They are praying for us this morning as well. Amen. God bless right now. We're happy to be brothers. We don't know each other. Another extreme from you guys of Jesus Christ. Get us together together. It doesn't we are different languages, different color because to God likes rarity. Amen. Amen. just like the flowers, different type of you know, but everything is a garden, a beautiful garden. That's the way we are here. Make the garden of Jesus Christ. Brothers very happy to be here. We give thanks to God. He you know he opened a way to be to be here. God bless you. Bless you all. God, you know takes love a lot your pastor. Amen. because that's the strength. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. God, you know, God take care of you. God bless you. Shalom. Shalom, brother. Amen. Thank you. God bless you. Now, you have you have meetings in the first week of December. Is that it? Yes, sir. The first weekend of December. Okay. And uh uh what are the dates on that? Do you know? It's around the four, five, and six. Four, five, and six of December. Yeah. The first weekend. Okay. December. Yeah. Well, the Lord willing, we'll we'll see what we can do. They've asked us to come to the meetings in December. Uh four, five, and six. My birthday's December 6th. Everybody's invited. Everybody's invited. Can we bring the whole church? Ah, maybe we'll close church and go. Okay, deal. Amen. Amen. Amen. I have a baby dedication this morning. So, if brother Steven and sister Emily will bring their little one. Yes. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Brother Andy and Sister Becky, would you please come up here also, please? Yeah. You guys come on up here a little bit closer. Yeah. What a lovely little family, huh? Brother Stephen, God bless you richly. It was just a few years ago I had you in my arms. 32. But now and then Emily, you guys come down here and transplanted was here. Next thing you know, and uh God gave you a little family. Amen. Amen. We're proud of the two of you and he's blessed you now with another son. Amen. To keep Wyatt company, keep him happy and uh everything. Let me read here from the scriptures. Matthew 19. Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray, and the disciples rebuked them. But Jesus said, "Suffer little children," and forbid them not, but to come unto me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven. And he laid his hands on them, and departed then. Now we have here this morning Lewis Tate Manard. Lewis actually means renowned or famous in battle, a famous warrior. Amen. That's going to go with my sermon this morning. We're talking about spiritual warfare. And Steven wrote down Psalms 144:1 reads, "Blessed be the be the Lord, my strength, which teacheth my hands to war and my fingers to fight." Tate actually means cheerful. And then they quote in Proverbs 15:13, "A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance," but by sorrow of the heart, the spirit is broken. And this was his prayer that he actually put in here. May our son be mighty in battle through his heavenly father's strength. I think every father would like to say that about their son. May they have the strength of the Lord when they go into battle. May he be a cheerful warrior carrying a strong uplifted countenance into the battles of this end time. Amen. So I want to take this little one now. Kids are such fun, aren't they? Huh? The Bible says, "And he took the little ones in his arms and he blessed them." I would like you to bow your heads with me as we pray over this little son. Heavenly Father, I lay my hands upon Lewis Tate Manard. Father Lewis means renowned, a famous warrior. Father, I pray, oh God, that if you should tar your coming, may he be like those mighty gentile warriors of old, how they fought battles for you and won great many victories. I pray, Father, may the sword of your word be his strength and his defense. I pray over him, Father, that he'll be a cheerful one who has a joyful countenance. Father, he'll be a joy to his family and to his brother. I pray, oh God, that you will watch over him, Father, all the days of his life. And now, Father, we bring him back to you from whence he come. And I lay my hands upon him and I bless him that you might use him, Father, at some time in the future for your glory. We thank you. We praise you. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, he's he's sleeping. He's just he's just real happy here. Grab him there. Yeah. Okay. Oh, he woke up now. See? God bless you, Steve. God bless you. Yeah. Okay. I don't think Yeah, he's a little shy. God bless you. God bless you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I greet all of you that have come from your long vacations and are back in the church now. And for you that are about to leave, we send you with our blessings, asking you to travel safe and have a nice time with your family. And God bless you as you all travel. Would you just stand with me? Heavenly Father, we have come here this morning that we might learn of you. You said, "Take your yoke upon you, for your yoke is easy and your burden is light." If there is anyone here this morning that is burdened, that has things upon their heart, oh God, that they just seem to be a little overwhelming to them, I pray you, the God who is mighty in battle. Would you come and drive away the enemy and go before us as you did the children of Israel, make a way, Father, for you're a way maker. I thank you and I praise you. We commit this service into thy hands. I pray that your leadership of the Holy Spirit would be our portion. I yield myself to you, Father, as I've just been waiting on you and thinking about you, waking early in the morning and meditating even before I got out of bed, Father, upon thy word. We pray now, Father, you will bless the word. And I pray that each one will receive something from God, knowing that you are a faithful God. and that you hear our prayers. We commit it to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just remain standing. Turn with me in your Bibles to the Old Testament, the book of Joel, chapter 3. The book of Joel, chapter 3. Somebody say, "Praise God." Praise God. Amen. God is worthy to be praised. Yes, he is. Joel 3:es 9-14. Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles. Prepare war. Wake up the mighty men. Let all the men of war draw near. Let them come up. Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruning hooks into spears. Let the weak say, I am strong. Amen. Amen. Assemble yourselves and come all ye heathen and gather yourselves together round about. Thither cause the mighty ones come down, O Lord. Let the heathen be awakened and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat, for there will I sit to judge all the heathen roundabout. Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe. Come, get you down, for the press is full, and the fats overflow, for their wickedness is great. Notice there's two things coming to harvest. Things of the world and the things of God. Amen. Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision, for the day of the Lord is near in the valley of decision. Amen. Amen. When it says prepare war, it is a Hebrew word kadash. It actually actually means to consecrate, to sanctify, to be dedicated, to be hallowed, to be holy, to be sanctified, and to be separate. Amen. Amen. God has called you to be holy. Sanctified and separate. Just as the Muslims call upon their believers to have holy jihad. And the Hebrews were called to Kadosh. It was a time of war. Amen. And we realize there are two ways before us right now. The ways of God and the ways of the world. Amen. And we know that whenever God makes a move, Satan makes a move also. Amen. That's right. So, we need to know which move we're going into. Because you're going to be influenced by one or the other. May you be under the correct influence. Amen. Amen. May you be influenced of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Turn with me if you would to Matthew chapter 10. Matthew chap 10 verse 34. Think not that I am come to send peace on earth. I came not to send peace but a sword. Amen. For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law. And a man's foes shall be they of his own household. He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me. And he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. And he that taketh not his cross and followth after me is not worthy of me. And he that findeth his life shall lose it. And he that loses his life for my sake shall find it. Amen. Amen. He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me. He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward. Amen. And he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward. And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water, only in the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward. Amen. Father, I thank you for your word. I ask your blessing upon it now. Speak to every heart. We ask it for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. be seated this morning in the presence of the Lord. All right. This is uh part three of the revealing of the o open book is a declaration of war. I'm taking a different viewpoint about the open book because we rejoice about this open book and take it and eat it and we assimilate it and everything. But there's a reason why that the seals were opened and the mysteries revealed. It's to let you know there's a war on and you need to know how to fight a good fight. Amen. That you might war a good warfare because we've fight not against flesh and blood but against principalities and powers. That's right. I want you to understand that we are in a battle this morning. It is not a picnic. Amen. When you have entered into Canaan land, we realize that Canaan is not a type of heaven because in Canaan they wound up having to possess the land and they fought and there was many battles and there were giants there. You would think that God, who is an all merciful God and an allloving God, would give you a land that's not inhabited by anybody. You just go in and take whatever part of the land you want. This is mine and you didn't have to fight for it. But that's not what God did. His ways are above our ways and his thoughts are above our thoughts. Amen. So I want to take this morning a subject of the call to arms is sounded in prepare for war. For the opening of the seven seals is not just the mysteries being revealed. It is not just about a white horse rider, a red horse rider. We're finding out that those are powers. That's right. And they are antichrist. And they are coming against the church. But every time that there is a power coming against the church, God rises up a standard. Amen. Hallelujah. So the white horse rider has now one to rise up, which is the lion. So the four horse riders, you have the lion, the ox, the man, the eagle, and they are the combative forces that are coming against that which is riding down through the ages. Now we all know that the prophet of God said before I had the revealing of the first seal, he says, you all know I preached the seals before. took about 20 minutes and I thought that the white horse writer. He had gotten it confused and he had read what different ones had said about it and he said, "Why? That's Christ writing down through the ages." In fact, brother Brennan preaches a sermon, the mighty conqueror. And every one of those, he takes that as his text and he's talking about that this is Christ on a white horse. He has a bow and no arrows. so on and so forth. But with the opening of the first seal, he realizes, oh my, I was a 100 miles from the truth. And then he realize it's the antichrist. Amen. So now there's an antichrist. It starts out as a spirit and goes into a saying and an anointing becomes creeds and dogmas and an unbending way. And the very thing that God was trying to get the people founded on, the enemy is doing everything that he can to take away the revealed word of that Ephesian church age. So even before the Ephesian church age had come to an end, realize they'd already lost their first love. Isn't it amazing how the enemy can come in and attack the church, even those who were there that heard Jesus or heard the disciples and had walked with him, how quickly things can change and how that the enemy wants to come in and and just make a religion and he wants to take away the true word and put another hybrid word in its place. Amen. And when you hybrid the word, it loses its power. God, help us to stay with that unadulterated word. The word of God is our absolute. That is plum line. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word. Hallelujah. So the word of God is our absolute. Somebody asked me the other day, "Brother Ron, is brother Brennham our absolute?" I said, "No, sir." I said because brother Brennham said our absolute is the word of God. He said if I or an angel quoting Paul he says come down and preach to you another gospel that has not already been preached let him be cursed. So we see it's a spiritual warfare. I want all of you to understand that you were born into a conflict. Amen. You're part of it. And so depending on whose side you're on will be dependent upon what kind of manifestation you have in your life because you will do the works of your father. Amen. That's right. You see, the opening of the seven seals was to reveal to the elect bride the type of warfare that we are to fight in this end time. Amen. And if you don't know what kind of fight to fight, you may become the first casualty. Amen. Because if you don't take it serious, when you go to boot camp and they teach you the art of war, why do you have an army that doesn't know how to fight? What good would that be? What good would it have to have cannons and guns and and swords and all the weapons of warfare if you're not trained in it? Amen. So it is with with the Christian. And we're going to find out, saints of God, that every one of you are called to be a soldier in this army. Amen. Now, the army has all kinds of duties in it. And there are some that are going to be combatant and there are going to be some that are 1A. 1A is fit for combatant duty. 1A is combatant is a non-combatant duty and is a conscientious objector that says, "I'll cook, but I won't pick up a rifle." So, let me tell you, some of you will never be on the front line as far as picking up rifles and charging the enemy, but you'll be cooking, feeding those that are doing it. So, you've all got a job. Don't sit there and act like, "Well, I ain't got nothing to do and I ain't very important." You're all very important because if the men don't have something, what do you think David was doing when he came to his brothers who were in battle? His father said, "Take him something to eat." Little did David know that the very things that he had gone through prepared him to meet Goliath. The lion and the bear. Let me say this to every one of you. Your life, your trials, your tribulations, your things, your lions, your bears, the situations you've had in your life is preparatory for you for battles down in the future. Yes, sir. Because the same God that delivered me from the bear is the same God that will deliver me from the lion, which is the same God which will deliver me from the forces of Ladya, which will make me an overcomer because I can do all things. Somebody say, "All things." All things through Christ who strengthens me. Thank you, sir. You've been made more than a conqueror. Yes, sir. Amen. There is a spiritual conflict taking place. It started in heaven, was cast down to earth. So, we realize there are right now two kingdoms in conflict. Amen. It is the kingdom of heaven with life, freedom, and the things of God. And there is the kingdom of hell, which is death and darkness, and the things that belong to hell. Amen. Now I want you to understand that depending upon the seed that you have within you will show to you that you must be about your father's business. So depending on who your father is depends on how you'll manifest. You understand that? Amen. So God help us then that we might be about's business because there should be a spirit inside crying out abba father. Amen. That our spirit is bearing witness with his spirit that we are now the sons of god. Hallelujah. Not that we will be. We are now. And let me say this that if you are now you always were. Amen. It wasn't because of your works. It wasn't because well, when I come to the message, then God received me. Then God did. No, let me tell you. For by grace. Somebody say grace. Are you saved through faith? Somebody say faith. So the faith which is not of you. It's a gift. Thank you, Lord. God gave it to you. Hallelujah. It wasn't you. It wasn't you praying for it. It wasn't something that you said, "Oh, God, give me faith. Give me the You know what God did before the foundation of the world? He placed on your finger unmarited favor." And he said, "Because you are seen, I will give you faith because faith is the victory." [Applause] Revelation is the victory that overcomes the world. Yes sir. Thank you Lord. Now we are rapidly approaching the battle of Armageddon. Now in Revelation 16 the Bible says verses 12- 16. And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates, and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of east might be prepared. And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. Here's the trinity of the enemy. Amen. Dragon, beast, false prophet. For they are spirits of devils. Somebody say spirits. Spirits. We fight not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against power spirits. That's right. Every one of you are going to at some time have the enemy work on you by an evil spirit. And you're going to have to know how to combat against it. Some of you say, "Oh, brother Ron, I've got such terrible thoughts and this and that." And brother Bram said, "Well, the greatest battle ever fought is where? The mind." That's why Paul said, "Take captive every thought and make it subject to the mind of Christ." Well, if I was really a son of God, I wouldn't think those thoughts. Brother Ram said, he said, "Now watch the the devil will send you thoughts. Do you know that you are to take the shield of faith whereby you may quench the fiery darts?" You know what fiery darts are? Evil thoughts. Brother Roy Borders, Brother Brennham's manager. I took him hunting. We were up in Colorado and I I I took him hunting for two or three days. He had a a late stage of cancer and the rest of the brothers were there. But my pastor told me, "Brother Ron, you you know horses. He can't walk down to the blind where he's going to sit to try to get an elk." He said, "So, I want you to take him by horseback down there and everything." And so I took him uh you know, we would go together and ride down there together. And I had a wonderful time with brother Roy. But one morning he he woke up and he said, "Brother Ron, I don't feel well enough to get on the horse and go down there. Can we just sit in the cabin?" I said, "That'd be fine." So we sat and we fellowshipped and he began to share with me different things and testimonies of what it was like being with brother Brennham. He said, 'I will tell you of a my own testimony. He said, "Brother Ron, when brother Brennham would have the prayer line of people that are very sick and everything," and he says they would come up from the right and he said, "Why did they always come to the right?" Because the angel of the Lord stood to brother Brandham's right. Amen. So they would first come into the presence of the angel and you can see this in the movies where they come and they get a little shocked and he said oh no that's just his presence and brother Roy says I was usually the closest one to bring them to the prophet and he says as they're coming and I would say okay come now and they would come into brother he says brother Ron I would think horrible ungodly thoughts and he says, "Oh my, there must be something wrong with me." He said, "I'm going to I'm just going to have to ask Brother Brandham about it. He's going to have to pray for me because I have all these thoughts." And so after the service was over on one of the services, he asked Brother Brennham, he said, "Can I meet with you tomorrow morning?" "Yes, Brother Roy. That's fine." And when they got together, he said, "Brother Roy, I know why you're here." You see, he'd already discerned it. He says, "You're you're wondering why you have these thoughts, ungodly thoughts, while you're closest to me in the prayer line, and how could you have the Holy Ghost and have these thoughts?" He said, "Brother Roy, let me tell you, they're not your thoughts. Quit owning them. The enemy is trying to bombard your mind. Quit. I'm going to tell all of you, quit owning those thoughts. Bring it captive. You're subject to the mind of Christ. It's not your thoughts. And he said, brother Roy, he says, you know what he says? Those thoughts come to me first. And because I take the shield of faith and he says what it does, it ricochets off of my shield and hits the one closest to me and you just happen to be closest to me. So no matter how close you are to a man of God, to a prophet of God, or somebody that is close to God, that doesn't keep you from your spiritual warfare. In fact, just go with a minister on a missionary trip and then come back and you know what? Your work is falling apart. There's all kinds of stuff. Oh my, you're getting bombarded. I tell people if you go with me on a missionary trip, be ready to have a battle when you get home. In fact, I've learned even with a cell phone, I usually don't stay in contact with Sandy while I'm off in uh there because you know what? Oh, honey, how you doing? Oh, hey, something happened. You know, this this and it just tears me up, right? So, I I say, "Tell me when I get home. I'll deal with it when I get home." And and so we find out we're in a very s tough spiritual battle. So Roy said, Roy said, "Brother Ron, once he told me the key that it's not my thoughts, and he says he battled the very same thing." Okay. He said once I realized that, it never bothered me again. Hallelujah. May that be a key factor for many of you that are sitting here wondering, "If I was truly a son of God, if I truly had the Holy Ghost, how could I think these thoughts?" They're not your thoughts. It's the devil. Rebuke him. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. I had one brother come to me one time, Brother Ron, I don't know, sometimes I I just say, "The Lord rebuke you." I just get all and I yell at him. He said, "But it doesn't seem to help." I said, "You don't have to yell at him. You don't have to scream at him." I said, "You know what? If you want to confuse him, just start praising the Lord." He goes, "What?" I said, "Yeah, next time you have a bad thought, say, "Praise God. I'll tell you what." God has said you I And the devil's going, "Wait a second. Wait a second. Hey, hey, hey. Didn't you little demons tell me that his frequency was so and so?" Yeah. Yeah, he did. and and all these years he's been receiving the same frequency. It's still the same. But why is why is he rejoicing? He's not receiving it. I want you to understand when you don't receive it, you block him. Like you do somebody on your phone. Hey, block that guy. I don't want to hear from him. Hallelujah. We need to block the enemy. We need to take those thoughts and make them subject to the very mind of Christ. It's not you. Revelation 16. I told you we are rapidly coming um to the battle of Armageddon. In verse 14 as we continue reading Revelations 16, for they are spirits of the devil working miracles. Can devils work miracles? Sure. So it's not by the anointing do we judge it. It's not by the miracles because we know that even the false prophet and the antichrist will call fire from heaven, do all kinds of signs and wonders and by those will deceive many. Amen. So we don't follow the signs. Signs follow the believer. Amen. which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. So what are they gathering for? A great battle. It's coming, saints. Amen. Behold, I come as a thief. Who comes as a thief? God does. He's going to take away his bride as a thief in the night. It's a secret sudden catching away of the bride. Amen. Blessed is he that watchth and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked and see and they see his shame. And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon. Now, Brother Brandham picks this up in the first seal. Now, watch this. He says, "Now notice nicatia." How many know that nicotin spirit is to divide and conquer? Anything that comes among the bride and divides us instead of unites us is a wrong spirit. That's right. We're to be separated from unbelief, not from one another. Even if we disagree with one another, because it's just your viewpoint usually what we disagree on. He's coming on a white horse. No, he's coming on a white cloud. Brother Ram said, "Really doesn't matter as long as we agree he's coming." Amen. So much of the time we're trying to prove our point with somebody else. And you know what? They're not listening for you to finish and prove your point. And then they go, "Oh, okay. Thank you. I'm I stand correct." And most of the time they just want to argue and debate. Amen. How do you How many of you know that Satan is the world's greatest sophist? You know what sophist means? Debater. He wants to debate you. And it doesn't matter what viewpoint you take, he's going to take the opposite. Any of you ever have debate class in in high school? And they gave you the opposite of what you believed. And I said, "Okay, now I want you to debate it and try to give a logical, reasonable debate. Don't just get up there." Well, I just think that's wrong. No pro. Why is it wrong? But I think some of you had debate class in school and you learned it quite well and so you you like to debate. Now, the Bible says, "Come, let us reason together." didn't say debate together. Come now, let us reason together. And if you have the right attitude and the right spirit, you're teachable. You're teachable. You're not sitting there waiting for him. Are you done? Are you done? Now, I'm going to prove my point. I'm to the place anymore. In fact, I was just with some of the brothers up there in South Carolina, and we were just talking. We sitting and I I said, "Brethren, my days of debating are over. Amen. I said, "Even if we see it differently." I said, "I want to major on what we agree on, not what we disagree on." Amen. Yes, sir. Because every church is sovereign in itself in the way they worship, in the way that they do their sound and their music and whatever. Well, that ain't the way we do it. Well, so what? I I I I went to I was down in Spain and there was a gypsy church. Gypsy church. And these gypsies, you know, they come they come out of the world. They're rough. They're gypsies, man. Hey. Anyway, I was there and they had they had big old amplifier. They didn't have these little tiny amplifiers and stuff. No, they had big old Fender amplifiers. And the two guys that played the guitar, I think it was a battle of the bands, they had it cranked up and dancing around everything. I'm think my it was so loud that I had to walk out of the service and I said, "Just tell me when when you're ready for me to come preach the word because it really was so loud." Well, they thought it was great. They just Well, I'm not there to try to correct them on the way that they play their music. First off, they won't receive correction from me unless they love me. Amen. I think one of the most sweetest, loving quotes from the prophet of God himself as he said these words and when you hear him say it, it captivates your heart because it's the way he says it. Father God, let the people love me that I can bring them to you. So too much of the time we dwell upon we want people to like us and love us and everything and you want to have so many likes on your Instagram and this and that and Facebook and YouTube and likes and everybody wants to be liked. Of course we all want to be I want to be liked. We all want to be liked. But I would rather be liked by him. Amen. Amen. I would rather have a friend in Jesus than all the friends in the world. God help us to have the right choice of who we call friends. Amen. Now, all right. First seal. Notice Niclatia. The antichrist teaching started in the days of Paul against God's word. So, it started in the first church age. Antichrist. Then he's called the false prophet which when the teaching become a man he was a prophet to the teaching of the hierarchy or the hierarchy of the Catholic church. The pope was the prophet to the false word and that made him a false prophet. The third stage is a beast. a man that's crowned in the last days and every power that pagan Rome ever had become the sevenheaded beast or dragon that was cast out of heaven and come incarnate in the false prophet. Here it is. He had seven crowns and he was cast out and thrown into the earth and the sea. All right. What are we saying? Who is this rider? This horse rider? You know what it is? It's Satan's Superman. Any of you ever remember Superman? Faster than a speeding bullet. Able to leap tall buildings with a single bound. You know, hey, I remember as a kid, you know, you believe everything you see on television. That guy, he had a cape. So, my mother made me a cape on. I told you. I went around. And I was running around the yard and watching the cape fly behind me and finally I said, "I'm going to fly." So I got up and we had a station wagon and I got on top of the station wagon. I told everybody, "Move back." I had all the kids from the neighborhood lined up. I said, "Now look, I've never flown before, so I don't know how fast and how far." This is the truth, man. cuz I Hey, I I really I was quite excited and I'm okay, you know. And so I jumped off and I put my arms like that and I did a belly flop on the ground. Knocked all the air out of me and I remember going but in my mind I'm going why didn't I fly? Now I want you to understand Satan's Superman. This is going to be a guy that is going to have all the answers. He's going to bring the world and the Bible says and watch him in this end time because the antichrist is going to deceive all those whose names are not written in the lamb's book of life. So the only people who will not be deceived, the deception is going to be so powerful that they will believe a lie and be damned because it's a spirit, right? And the spirit wants to incarnate. In other words, it wants to come into. Do you realize it's just a false impersonation of what God's doing? God wants to become incarnate. In fact, he's going to be he's going to incarnate himself because he started at Pentecost. Acts chapter 2. Exactly. And he says, "In not many days hence I will come to you. I'll be with you. I'll be even in you. They didn't know how's it going to be. Is it going to be a feeling? Is it I felt it. I get shivers. Hey, people get all kinds of sensations through all kinds of different things. You know, some people like artwork. Oo, isn't it beautiful? They hear a song. Oo. I never did like a girl when she take them out on a date and the radio's going and they Oh, they hear a song. Oh, Johnny. Johnny, you're with Ronnie. Honey, get out of the car. You like Johnny, go with him. Anyway, all right. Satan, Superman. This is the trinity. Listen to me. It's the trinity of Satan, right? They are spiritual powers now fighting against the seed of God. The conflict started in heaven was cast down to earth. And the first conflict we see is between two seeds. Cain and Abel. And it was because of the way they worshiped. And it was because one was received and the other was rejected. And because one was rejected, his countenance fell. And he argued with God because God said, "Why is thy countenance fallen? Why are you upset? Will I not receive you if you give the right sacrifice? You see, understand Cain's seed doesn't care about what kind of sacrifice they just want to give. Doesn't matter. That's why the people with voodoo and witch doctors and different things, they bring alcohol, cigars, cigarettes, they make a little altar and they pour out whiskey, right? They give some kind of sacrifice thinking, "Hey, that's what God wants." Do you think God receives every kind of worship? Because Jesus said, "They that worship me must worship me in spirit and in truth." Because you can worship in spirit and not have truth. And you can be all spiritual and ex and and worshiping God. And he says, "In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrine commandments of men." Amen. Amen. So Cain rose up and his anger and the fruits of his father came forth from him because he's a liar and a murderer and he was so in the beginning. So what does he do? He rises up in a jealousy and he slays his brother Abel. Did you know the prophet of God said that Abel was killed on the very same altar that he made his sacrifice? That's interesting. So he Cain got so upset. That's why religious people get upset when you tell them about that God doesn't receive every kind of worship. But now true seed, you can't offend them with that. Amen. Because they go, "Really?" Wow. Do you see? Because I want to know, tell me what kind of sacrifice I should give. That's why this message, saints of God, it tells us what to do, how to prepare, how to give a sacrifice, how to approach God. Because if you don't know how to approach God, then you just think, well, God accepts anything and he doesn't. So all of us were born into this conflict. We came into the world. We bypassed our theophony. Came down here into the world speaking lies. You don't have to teach babies how to lie. You don't have to teach them how to boogie. You take a baby and put them in front of a speaker and put on uh worldly music and and a little baby never heard it before and all of a sudden they boogie. Why? It's their nature. Brother Brennham said, "You take rock and roll music and let it be played and anoint those children before they get the Holy Ghost. It'll it'll anoint them. It'll bring them into it. They'll start getting into the spirit. And I remember um I I tell you now, I've had the Holy Ghost since I was a young man. Came into this message, got the Holy Ghost, got rid of rock and roll music, got away from it. But uh a brother took me to a professional basketball game, the Phoenix Suns. Never I haven't been to a professional basketball game since. Well, he took me. Hey, man. We had nice seats. We were just a few rows up and and and everything. And in the coliseum over here and and they did the they dim the lights and they got these these stars. Ladies and gentlemen, your Phoenix sons like this. These guys passing the ball around, dunking it, slam dunk like this, shooting and everything. Everybody clapping. Yeah, that's that's our team defeating Sardons. Yeah. And then they start we will we we will rock you, man. I'll tell you the whole stadium, everybody, grandma and grandpa right next to me. We we we rock you. So I stood up. We No, I didn't. I didn't. But I felt like it. It was drawing me. And I said, I've got the Holy Ghost. And I said, "Thank God that I have a buffer." Otherwise, it pulls me into it. You see, the music that you had in your generation is a music that will affect you, not the preceding music. Huh? No, it's your music. I listen to the nonsense today with all of the and I I think, how can they listen to that stuff? But I can be I can be somewhere and you're you and and and they got the oldies of the late 60s and 70s which was my generation when I was a teenager and all of a sudden a song will come on right. Get your motor running head out on the I start playing the invisible guitar and my wife goes what are you doing? Oh, excuse me. It's because it had an effect. Amen. God, thank you that you have given me the buffer of the Holy Ghost that though these anointings will come around, though that these things that once had an effect that once I loved, I now hate, but I've got to be aware of it. It's there. Tries to anoint you, tries to pull you back. Amen. Okay. Now, now let's follow this. Now, we're going to go to the second seal. Brother Rem said, "But in the age after the church goes home," now he's talking about bride going home. "But in the age after the church goes home, he becomes a beast and he becomes a devil incarnate, the red dragon himself." Oh my. Can't you see what I mean? Now, we just read from from the first seal about his trinity. He's a beast. He's a dragon. He's a false prophet. So, here it is. He said the devil incarnate, the red dragon himself. Oh my. Can't you see it? He's incarnate in people. Then he's got the people bound by his power. The false prophet has prophesied them into it. The false prophet has prophesied them into it. Give them over to strong delusions to believe a lie and be damned by it. Denying the word with a form of godliness. Religion is only a covering. It's a form of godliness, but denies the power thereof. from such go to their church. It says turn away because there is a way that a man thinks but the end thereof is death. That's right. So now strong delusion given to people. So they'll believe a lie and be damned. So they have a form they have a religion. God works his place in a trinity. Justification, sanctific sanctification, and incarnate himself in his people with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You see the incarnation. The devil brings a spirit. The people get into it. He prophesies them his word. They believe it. They get under the influence of it and they incarnate. That's why. Have you seen how some of these people, I tell you, they want to look like Satan? Amen. I I I Where did this inspiration come from? They paint their skin a different color. Their eyes, their tongue, they split it. One guy cut his ears off. He cut his nose off. Cut his lips off. and they they look like a freak, an alien. Well, I want you to understand Jesus said, "My kingdom is not of this world." He says, "But you are of your father, the devil, and his works you'll do." Look at that. He was a beast in the beginning. He'll be a beast at the end. And that's why these people are are are being possessed of spirits. They they think they're a cat or a dog. Send your kids to school to modern public school now and let me tell you, it's a shocker. And schools of higher education are even worse. I'm going to say this to all of our college kids. You better have the Holy Ghost because you rub shoulders with those from the schools of education and learning from the tree of knowledge. Do you realize that Satan is the tree of knowledge? And what channel does he use most of the time to get to the people and their minds? He uses exactly the same channel that he used on Eve. And he got her to reason long enough. And Satan will use your channel of reasoning. Remember the five channels to the outward man. See, taste, smell, feel, hear, and touch. There's five channels to your spirit. memory, imagination, conscience, affection, and reason. So, he's going to anoint Satan would love to anoint your any one of the Hey, just imagine and he just then anoints your imagination, right? He wants to anoint your reasoning, okay? And the next thing you know, you you reason this and you get anointed with unbelief and then you wonder why you're having a hard time believing this message, saints of God. And I'm going to tell you that this message is a declaration of war. Amen. Amen. And you've got to understand and you catch a true revelation of why God sent a prophet. Then you tear down your thinking man's filter and you take God's filter from the word of God and then you see through the eyes of a prophet because a prophet is a seer. Amen. He sees things in its embryionic form before it's even recognized. Why? He says, "What's wrong with Tennessee Ernie and Elvis Presley and Pat Boon?" He said they were religious. Huh? He says Elvis was raised up in a Pentecostal church. That's where he started to sing. So understand all this. So brother Brennham is seeing something. Then brother Brennham sees the Beatles come along. Okay. I remember the first time on the Ed Sullivan show and it was past our bedtime, but my mother woke us up and said, "Ronald and Donald, that's my brother and I. Ronald and Donald, come in here and watch because the Beatles are on Ed Sullivan. My sister, she's six years older and she so she was able to stay up later. So we got up out of bed. We come in there in our pajamas and and here's Ed Sullivan. You know, ladies and gentlemen, I want to to present you out of Liverpool, England. The Beatles. She loves you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And and everything. And it took America by storm overnight. the this little rock band that all of a sudden and so now the movement under music, it absolutely revolutionized. And then as they got more into their music and they got weird and they they did all kinds of things and then you have the Rolling Stones come on and then you have all of these big groups and everything's coming on and America is taken by storm through rock and roll. Let me tell you, there's an anointing with rock music. And that's why brother Bram said, "Be careful what you listen to." Because the wrong kind of music brings an anointing with it. Wrong kind of music brings the wrong kind of anointing. That's why even within the church, God help us to not infiltrate by bringing the wrong kind of music and just put words about Jesus in it and we think it's okay. Just think about that. Amen. Because you know the reason the people are getting the moving, the reason that they're dancing. Huh? Is not because uh it's a Holy Ghost song. It's a song that's got a beat. Now, I'm not wrong. I I'm not against something with a beat. I like something with a beat. I do. Well, I got to prove I'm one in a million and I've got to show the power of the blood. It's got a little bit of a bee, a little Trinidadian. Yeah, I I I don't mind that. But the next thing you know, you watch if everybody's clapping and everybody's moving. Okay. Just because of the beat, be careful. Amen. That's right. Amen. That's all. Brother Rev said, "You parents watch what your kids listen to." Well, if they close their door, their room is private, and I honor their privacy. You do? Well, I thought you're head of the house. I thought that what goes on in your house, you're responsible for. So young people understand mom and dad are looking after your soul and are trying to make sure that you're not getting influenced in the wrong direction. And I'll tell you one of and I'm getting ahead of myself, but I'm going to say this anyway. One of the ways to realize that you're dealing with the influence of a seducing spirits is wrong attitude. Amen. You can't tell me what to do. What makes you think you're right? Prove it to me. And the next thing you know, when your little sweet baby that you've raised up and they sang the songs, Jesus loves me, this I know, and they they quote John 3:16 and they've been good and everything. And all of a sudden they start getting to the age 12 years of age accountability and pretty soon and they're at school and they've got friends and this and that and then they're listening to some of their friends and they're having friends up. Be careful where you let your children spend the night. That's true. Amen. Amen. I remember Billy Paul telling me that uh because we were just asking brother Joseph and brother Billy when we traveled together. I said, "Was there times that brother Brennham let you guys uh go and spend a night?" Yeah. Yeah. He said, "In fact, Joe went and uh he was spending the night down the street from where brother Ren lived, just a few doors down, and he's staying there with some friends, and they got to telling spooky stories about devils and spooks and everything." And Joseph said, "Uh, yeah. Yeah." He said, "Man, a friend of mine was telling a story just, you know, because what you talk about, it comes around." That's right. And he says, "All of a sudden, a knock came on the door." "Oh, yes. Uh huh. Yes, Mr. Brandom." "Yeah, the kids are here." "Yeah, tell tell Joe I need to see him." And Joe comes and he said, "Joe, I think you need to come home." Why, Daddy? Because the stories you're telling are bringing around wrong spirits, and I don't want that around you. So, understand that what may seem innocent, okay? innocent talking about things influential in the world, okay, can have an influence upon you and it'll influence your children, influence your mind, and the next thing you know, you're questioning everything what you once believed. Then you're going to challenge your mom and dad. Well, that's what you believe. That ain't what I believe. So then they turn 18, they got a car, they drive, they go where they want. Now you got a problem. I pray that what you do is you get enough influence on them and train them up when they're yet so that when they get older and if they should have a problem and depart from the way, God will show them the way back. Amen. Train up a child in the way it should go. A lot of times, listen, some of your kids are going to act just like you did. Hard-headed, rebellious. What were you like before you got converted? Yeah. Huh? Yep. That's a true. And so, next thing you know, you know your kid, well, look, I ain't done nothing wrong. You have drugged me to church. You have drugged me here and there and so I really don't got nothing to get saved from. Let me tell you, you know what? You need to get saved from yourself. Amen. God forbid any of you young people have to go and do things wrong to feel that you have to have something to repent of. No. Repent of the very fact that you came into this world with a wrong spirit. You got the wrong nature. God, help me to overcome and have the spirit of God inside of me. Because the goodness of God leads you to repentance. Amen. Very good. Satan has so refined his drugs, his music, and his influence that let me tell you, just one hit. Huh? Just do one line. He's got you. My brother, my twin brother. It's his testimony. He said one line of cocaine. He said cocaine was my drug of choice. He says one line of cocaine was too much and a thousand was not enough. It is so powerful that all he wants you to do is to open a door. He just wants you just hey just try it. Don't you realize that the enemy is doing all that he can nowadays to destroy you? Amen. He won't smoke a cigarette, but you'll vape. Come on, brother. Preach it. I'm fighting. I'm trying to keep spirits away. Amen. And I need you parents to back me up. Because you know what? I'm trying to save your kids. I don't want to be a mean old ugly old man that's just, you know, no grace, no nothing. No. Let me tell you, if I could keep you from having to go into sin, I'll do anything I can. And sometimes when I see kids struggling, having a hard time, and they go off, I take it personally. You know why? I didn't preach it. I didn't preach it good enough. I should have dug around the tree more. Then I feel like a failure. Do you understand? I fight my battles, too. Okay? Because when somebody just goes away, it affects me. I don't want them to go. Amen. You understand? I'm talking about going to the world. I'm not talking about if you go to another church, God bless you. Go that. I'm not talking about that. But I'm talking about when kids walk away. When parents walk away, that's why it just starts so innocent. It starts so innocent. the final climactic battle because the next big battle that's coming. Now, I want you to stop here just a second. Think about that. This prophet that he was born, he was born in what year? 1909. What year did the first world war start? 1914. When did it end? 1918. So the prophet was born prior to the first world war. God starts dealing with him in 1933. When did the second world war start? Okay. So when we start looking, this prophet is given words. He's he's birthed before world wars. He's brought into commission between world wars. And now he's given a revelation before Armageddon. It's all about wars. Amen. You understand this? So when you see that God sends this prophet and he shows you that you've got to know how to fight to good fight that you might war a good warfare. So I want to show you some things from the scriptures here my God always calls Israel to arms by the sound of a trumpet. Let me show you in scripture. God rose up a man by the name of I don't know how you say his name. E H U D. Ehud. I don't know how you say it. Ehood, who killed King Eglon, the king of Moab. You remember how he killed him? Took a knife, went into his chamber. This guy was so fat that his hand got stuck, couldn't bring. Yeah, it sounds gross, but that's what happened. Okay, then he takes off. Okay, we're gonna That's That's in Judges 3 if you want to read it. So I want to show you here Judges 3 27. So now Ehud comes. He's just killed Eglon the king of Moab who is an enemy to Israel. Watch this. And it came to pass when he was come that he blew a trumpet in the mountain of Ephraim. And the children of Israel went down with him from the mount and he before them. And he said unto them, "Follow after me, for the Lord hath delivered your enemies, the Moabites, into your hand." In other words, listen, here is a guy that's saying, "Hey, we're going to battle, saints." He blows the trumpet. He gathers these people together. Verse 31. And after him came a man by the name of Shamgar, who was the son of Anchath, which slew of the Philistines, 600 men with an ox goat, and he also delivered Israel. Also remember in Judges chapter 6, three chapters later, there's a man by the name of Gideon. And he's hiding away from the enemy behind what was it? A threshing machine or something. He's the wine press or whatever. And he's hiding. Gideon, the almighty man of valor. Who you talking to? God was calling him and calling him what he was before he knew what he was. 634 But the spirit of the Lord came upon Gideon and he blew a trumpet. In fact, Gideon got all of the guys that follow him, "Hey, bring you a lantern and each of you a trumpet." You remember? Amen. Now, they always blew a trumpet at the gathering of Israel. And they always blew because in the Bible, in the Old Testament, they had two silver trumpets. And they blew one trumpet at the gathering of the camp. And he blew another trump at the moving of the camp. Okay? But God uses trumpets. He didn't use cell phones. They weren't invented in that day. Okay? He didn't send everybody a text message. He didn't send them an email. He didn't use a pager. He blew a trumpet. And so God used trumpets. I want to ask you, if God did that back then, if I, the Lord God, changed not, would he blow a trumpet in this day? Amen. Okay? Just going to show you, it's no different today. Mighty men of valor are gathered at the sound of a trumpet. His message declares that a battle is about to begin. and his message actually becomes a declaration of war. That's why my brother, my sister, they all loved brother Brennham until the opening of the seals. When the third pool came into its fullness, why in that little room? Why there? Because I'm going to meet you in there. This is not for Pentecostal babies. Don't try to tell him this. Okay. Why that tent? Why those things? There's It's a vision. He's coming into his ministry to realize that something's going to happen. This is the third pull. I'll meet you in there. Understand the third pull now is a separating pull. Amen. It's an offensive pull. No one was ever offended by the signs and wonders. There was nobody that when somebody was raised from the dead, other than the fact that they didn't believe it, but you know what? Nobody was offended. Nobody was offended. Turn water to wine. Nobody was offended by fishes and loaves. But when he changes his ministry and he says now except you eat of my flesh and drink of my blood you have no part with me. Now they said this a hard saying who can hear it. The Bible says and many of his disciples walked no more with him. So the third pull is a separating pull. That's why this ministry that's coming. Now watch this. He said, "Watch that third pole when it's used in the fullness of its power. And the last ones that are going to be preached to are the eternally lost, souls in prison. Go listen to it." He says, "Could it be?" It looks like it is so right now. Oh my god. I hope not because he said, "I I still got children out there. Go listen to it. He said the last thing of the third pull, it's to the church, for the bride, and to the eternally lost. You're not going to save the eternally lost. But you're going to preach to them. You're going to live a life that listen, do you think the life you live, they're going to rejoice over you and the way you live? Do you know that you are actually a threat to them? Do you know you bring condemnation? So they don't like being around you. Oh, you think you're better than me? Just cuz you go to church cuz you wear a dress. Oh, so you you you think you're better now. God help us to not look down at anybody. Don't you dare look down your nose at anybody. And we get somebody to come here. My son invited I'm going to just share with this because I bear the shame of what some of you did. My son invited one of his friends who just got out of prison. His family is not believers. He's not a believer, but he invited him to our little family night that we had during the time what what do Halloween. We don't let our kids trick or treat. So, we have a So, the family came and guess what? They had stopped somewhere and the kids had their faces painted and the wife came and she wasn't dressed very nice and looked very worldly. And some of you said some very harsh remarks to them personally. This man spoke to my son Amos the other day and he said, "Uh, my I'll never get my family to come back to your church again." He said, "Because we were not welcomed. We were looked down upon." I want to ask you, where were you before you knew truth? Amen. Preach, brother. Right. Preach it. You longhaired dope smoking hippie. I'm talking to myself. Don't you judge a book by its cover. Amen. You should welcome them because but they're for the grace of God. [Music] You'd have been all tattooed up. You'd have had earrings. You'd have colored your hair. You'd have Huh? How dare we look it down on somebody because they got green hair. You know what? It just shows you need to pray for them. They're just showing you where they're at. Cuz where would you have been? You'd have been a radical. Yeah. You would have you'd have painted you'd have Hey, you know what? It was just a shock. Let's just shock somebody. God help us that we don't ever look down. And if somebody ever comes to one of our functions and they don't they're not dressed right, welcome them. And they shall know that you are my disciples because you all look alike because you have love one for another. Now you can love the sinner and hate the sin. Do you understand? There's a difference. Yeah, God help us. We don't ever look down. This is and I bear the shame because I thought some some of my kids didn't know any better and said some hurtful things to them. And chances are we'll never get them back to church. So let our lives be lived with a good spirit, not a condemning spirit. Although I will say that listen, the mere fact of you living the life of c of Christ and having his anointing upon you is going to make some people condemned. Amen. They're going to be convicted. They don't want to be around you. Blowing a trumpet always causes the people to gather together. Now, a trumpet sounds and it gets the people's attention. The mighty men of valor are gathered by the sound of a trumpet. And they are gathered prepare war. There's a call to arms. Battle stations. battle stations. This is not a drill. I hope that we are awake, not asleep. I read a book called At Dawn We Slept, the untold story of Pearl Harbor. How did it happen? How did how did they come and catch one of the mightiest powers and mightiest war machines asleep? How did these planes come in? How did they aform their attack? That it's one of the few books I read is a huge book and it's called the untold story of Pearl Harbor. At Dawn We Slept. and how that they came in and all of these planes, they came off of the aircraft carrier and they were under radio silence and they said, "Don't say anything. Don't radio to one another. We have a code word that when you have successfully bombed Pearl Harbor, I want you to say these words." What was it? Torah. Torah. Torah. At dawn we slept. Most of the guys they saw the the planes coming over and they said, "Ah." Ah, wow. Until they got down so low, they all of a sudden they see the the flag or the rising sun on the and they said they look and could see the smile on the enemy seeing as they flew over. They were so low and all of a sudden they're just bombing everything. And that's how we entered into the Second World War because at dawn we slept. Saints of God, may none of us be sleeping because we're under a spiritual attack. And I want all of you to understand that this spiritual attack in some way, in some form, is gonna is going to come after you, gonna come after your kids. And and which way is it gonna come? It may come through music. It may come through fashion. It may come through movies. It may But everything, all of this media is bombarding the minds. Amen. Of the people. Amen. Now, in 1962, Brother Bram said, "Sir, is this a sign of the end?" Watch this. John Wesley raised up in the days of the Anglican church when they said there's no more reason to have a revival. It went to seed. But John Wesley stood up with a message on the second work of great sanctification and he blessed that Anglican church with the gospel trumpet prepared for war. What was John Wesley doing? Calling to war. And the just shall live by faith. That was Martin Luther Wesley come along and you'll live a sanctified life. And they called it Methodist. You'll have a method. But what was he doing? What was his message doing? It's preparing them to go to war. It was a call to war. It was a declaration. So, brother Ram, paragraph 32, the sounding of the trumpet means a gospel trumpet. And the sounding of a trumpet in the Bible means get ready for scriptural war. 1 Corinthians 14:8 Paul said, "If the trumpet gives an uncertain sound, how will a man know what to prepare for? And if it doesn't have a scriptural sound, a vindicated a vindication of the word made manifest, how we will know what how will we know we're at the end time? Do you know why all of you are here? And I trust that all of you have this revelation. You are here because you have heard the sounding of the seventh angels gospel trumpet. Amen. Amen. He's called you personally. That's right. It's gathering the mighty men of valor for this day. Was not calling foolish virgin though they woke up by the shout at the midnight hour. Even foolish virgin woke up. So go and listen to the sermons where brother Rem said the five wise, five foolish and you begin to understand. Now you cannot make somebody that's foolish wise though they be taught with the same thing that somebody who is wise because a wise man is likened unto he who heareth the word and straightway does it. That's what a wise man, a foolish man hears the same gospel and he goes straight away and guess what? He doesn't do it. So there are foolish virgin within this message that are going to suffer for their foolishness. It's going to happen during the time of the tribulation. Bride's going to go up. The two witnesses come down. Three and a half years of tribulation and that foolish virgin is going to be martyed. Wouldn't you rather give your life now? Lord, judge me now. Because you know what? This judgment that you go through right now is self judgment. So let a man judge himself, right? Let him eat of that cup and drink of that bread. Because when you judge yourself, you'll not be judged with the world. Amen. So now watch this here. Why I'm against organized religion? Do you know what the name of the sermon was up until Joseph Brandham took over and changed from Fred Sothman who had the tapes and took spoken word and incorporated the tapes and the books together and changed it to voice of God. So the sermon that you used to order from Fred Sauman was called the great harlot. I've got one of those original tapes. The original name is why I'm against organized religion. Wow. Amazing. Organized religion. Why am I against it? Listen to what he said. Jesus never said, "I commission you to go into all the world and make an organization." No, sir. No such a thing. To do this to is to reject uh the sacred scriptures. When this was done, it was changed from church by birth to a church by creed and dogma. Just what it's what they believe, not church, let me apologize, a lodge. You're born into the church, but you join a lodge. Then he talks about Methodist uh lodge and Baptist lodge and go on. You can't join church. There's no such a thing. You're born into it. Nicodemus was told that. That's why I'm against it. not against the people in it, but the system. Now, if you're not careful, you misunderstand even my preaching as a minister thinking that I'm against the people in the system. No. No, I'm not. It's the system of deception. Amen. They will believe a lie and be damned. That God will just receive any kind of sacrifice. That's why they don't preach against sin. You don't hear them preaching against sin. We're all going to heaven. It's a it it it's you know and if they do they don't mention the things that this prophet mentioned because this prophet brings us back. Now let me just give you an example in this musicians if you come I'm going to close here. I'm on page six and again I came to keep not finishing the sermons that I I type and I but that's okay. Nearly every sermon that Brother Brennan preaches, he hits on a woman cutting her hair. Huh? How many tape believers, tape listeners do we have out there? You ever heard him say it? He hits it in almost every sermon. He said, "What would cause a woman to cut her hair?" He said, "It's an ungodly sinful, seducing spirit causing her to dishonor her head, which is Christ. Amen. And he said, "A woman that cuts her hair, even trims it, is it okay to just trim the the split ends, the dead ends? I want my hair healthy. I'm just He said, "No, because if you cut it, you might as well shave it all off." So now he's showing brother for the Rem said now a woman that cuts her hair dishonors her head and her head which is Christ and he says that man has a right to put her away. Now, the Bible does not say that that is the reason why you can put her away, but he says it's a spirit because she'll dishonor her head, which is the word, and now she just takes any kind of headship, and she doesn't follow God's way. And so now she becomes a dishonorable woman. Now, I didn't say she he could go and marry another. said, "No, you just have a right to put her away." Now, Brother Brennham says, "I don't believe in divorce." Amen. In fact, I want to drill it into all of the minds of these young people. You know what? You're getting to the age where you're getting old enough now and you girls are looking at the boys and your boys are looking at the girls and you're thinking about ah maybe hey maybe when I get older I'll get married and this and that and there's nothing wrong with that. That's all of you are going to go through that. But when you choose, you better choose character over beauty. Yes. God hates divorce. In fact, brother Bram said, even as Moses said, because of the hardness of your heart, God help us. So, I want to tell our kids, don't you don't you even think about it. Huh? Don't you even get close to it. You wait. You pray. You seek God. Huh? Some some of you are so anxious to get married. If you're not careful, you'll get out here and you'll find a guy and he's nicel looking and next thing you know, hey, I remember my daughter one time come to me. She says, "Daddy, what about brother so and so in the church?" I said, "Don't think about it." And yet he was going to church. I said, "Don't you even think about it. I'll run him off. And then later you see what happens in lives and everything. And listen, God help us. Don't you want parents? Don't you want the right thing for your kids? Huh? You know what happens to the children of a divorce? They become innocent victims. I hate it. It's affected me. It's affected my family. I say, "Oh God, help me to preach the truth to my people. Let me preach to my family." Even saints, will you give me enough grace that I can say even for my own family? I don't cover it up. God doesn't cover up when his family did wrong also. And yet I love them. I love my family. I love my kids. I want them there. I'm doing everything that I possibly can. Keep them close, Lord. Let me not have a condemning heart. Let me have a loving heart. Let me love my grandchildren, my children, whatever, even when they go through hard times. Amen. Where will they come? Where will they come? Who will they come to seek help from? That's right. I hope they come to mom and dad. Amen. Because the people that you got, your friends, your buddies, your pals, Yeah. they're only fair weather friends. They're only there because of what you got or what you'll give. Yeah. What you'll give. And then when you ain't got drugs and you ain't got this and that and you've given yourself, you girls, listen to me. When you give of yourself to some guy, he'll drop you like a bad habit. You think he's wanting to marry you? Nah, he's using you. Amen. He's using you. God, help these parents in this church. Watch over your children. Amen. Amen. Preach to them. Yes. Tell him the truth. Back up your pastor. Amen. When he when he preaches correction, because as many as I love, I rebuke and I chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. But I try to chasen with nail scarred hands. Amen. Not not through anger. Saints of God, this that I'm talking about. We rejoice over the open book. Take the book and eat it. Right? And when the true church gets a true revelation, hallelujah, she'll be an invincible army. Understand this army is going to war. Amen. It is spiritual warfare. Brother Brennham said, "Watch when this seventh angel when he begins to sound and he blasts forth his gospel trumpet." You know what? When you hear those tapes, you're hearing this prophet blow a gospel trumpet and it's calling the mighty men of valor. Come prepare war. It's a call to arms. [Music] And I'm going to show you. I I had it in my notes here that in the Old Testament when it says and you unchath the sword, it's a declaration of war. What happened on Sabino Canyon? He's up there praying. What? What? What does all this mean? Am I dying? Am I going off the scene? That's okay, God. He said, "A sword touched my hand." He said, "I thought they knight a man with a king's sword." He said, "This is not a king's sword. It's the king's sword." He said, "This is the third pull." The third pull. It's close quarters. This is not missiles, bazookas, rifles. It's close quarters. Amen. And you better know how to use the sword. We're talking the word of God. He said, "Because this sword that was placed in my hand, you all know what it is. It's the word of God." Amen. And when brother Brandham opened those seven seals, denominations totally rejected him. When he talks about angels, when he talks about the word being revealed and everything, and now doors are closing everywhere, and the only ones that were left open was just a few people here and there. Amen. Because you know what? The elect heard him gladly. Amen. God bless you all this morning. Listen, I want to take you into this that this sword that the was given to the prophet. He said, "That's why I'm against organized religion." He says, "You think it's okay to be baptized in father, son, holy ghost?" He said, "The devil travels in the name father, son, holy ghost. It's a lie." And he begins to now tell you spiritual truths. And for the first time, Satan is getting exposed. It's Babylonian. It's mystery Babylon. The mother having birthing harlots. And what part of that system? He said, is not the people. It's the system. Amen. It's a spirit. Amen. Okay. It's a spirit. It's why we're all fighting spirits. That's right. Did you know brother Bram said churches have spirits? I want this church to have the right kind of spirit. Amen. The spirit of Christ. Amen. That we know the truth and we know how to go to battle because you know what? Hey, listen. Every one of you, every one of you are going to have a battle. Every one of you are going to have to learn to fight. Yeah. Because you're called to war. This ain't no picnic. This is end time. This is ghoul line defense. Yeah. This is it. You ain't got no second chance. This is not playing monopoly. This is it. You better learn and you better learn well. Amen. Rise up among the Gentiles and declare unto them, prepare war. Amen. This whole message is preparing you to know how to fight a good fight. Amen. Are you saying, "Lord, teach me. Teach me war." Hallelujah. teach my hands for war. Let me fight and let me fight a good fight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh Lord, [Music] the battle rages. [Music] Prepare war. Get ready. Get ready because we're coming right now to the time of Armageddon. Bride's not going to see Armageddon. You're not going to fight Armageddon. No, no, no, no, no. You're called up. But the battle of Armageddon, okay, Brother Ram says, and I got the quotes on it. He says, now watch Armageddon. He says at the end of the tribulation three and a half years and then there's Armageddon. He said the bride is up in glory. Then there is a a but it doesn't destroy everything. It's a partial cleansing because there is a final and climactic battle which ends all things. The mother of all battles and that is the battle of Gog and Magog. Amen. The brother Bram said watch the one battle is before Armageddon. Okay. Or be excuse me I said before millennium and one is after the millennium because the devil is bound for thousand years by chain of circumstance but then he's loose for a period of time. How many knows that? So we're going to look at this. We're going to look at these things so that you'll understand that we are called to war. [Music] And you you've got to learn to fight. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together. Brother Robert, go ahead and lead us. Even so, even so, let's sing this before we dismiss. Even so come Lord Jesus come even so take your right away my soul onto be with you through my Lord. Even so, even so. Oh, come Lord Jesus, come. Lord, you are the lover of my soul. And Lord, you are the lover of my soul. And Lord, you are exalted over all [Music] and my bow before your throne. to worship you. Lord, you are Lord. You are the mother of my soul. [Music] Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. This is my It's my desire. Oh, just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Yes, Lord. It's our prayer. Just to be close to you is my desire. Sing it as a prayer to him. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you is my desire. One more time. Just to be close to you. Held in your arms. Just to be close to you. Cradled in your embrace. Just to be close to you is my desire. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Can we give him glory before we go? You're worthy of it all. You took my place. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all you deserve the glory. You're worthy this morning. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all for you are all me. You are all you are. Amen. And all the saints and angels. and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne and all the elers cast round before the lamb and singly of it Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things to you. You deserve the glory. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. Spiritual boot camp. Hold up the shield of faith. Quench those fiery darts of the devil. Keep walking forward. Follow the captain of the host cuz he's leading in the fight. Can you say amen? Remember the service Wednesday night? Lord willing, brother Mario will be preaching for us. Jonathan Garvey, will you close our service in prayer? If he'll turn his microphone on and close our service in prayer this morning. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for this time that you've given us to be in your house and be in your presence, Father, to set aside our cares to worship you and to hear from you. Father, we pray the word would take root in our lives, that our lives would bear out the things that we've heard today. We pray for safe travels for everyone as they go their separate ways and bring us back on Wednesday ready to hear from you once more. We pray. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Remember to check the lost and found if you're missing something. trustees if you'll meet in the conference room. God bless you. We'll sing the song that brother Ron read in his opening scriptures. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. It's a command that you and I must do daily. So take up your cross and follow Jesus. Just take up your cross [Applause] every day. Don't be ashamed. Say that you know him. Count up the con. God bless you. Sing it as it go. Thank you for coming today. [Music] Single [Music] heart. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] about [Music] the ducks. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Baby. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
