################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - Changing Times but an Unchanging GOD - Bro. James Loveall - James Loveall.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-15
Title:    Changing Times but an Unchanging GOD - Bro. James Loveall
Speaker:  James Loveall
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQXooQ3-Avs
========================================

Description:
2025-0514 Wednesday Evening Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Okay. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. Let's stand as we sing the first verse. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. [Music] Till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am [Music] able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In the darkest night, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. His goodness is running after me. Your goodness is running after. Running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down. Surrender now. I give you [Music] everything. Running after you, running after. All my life you've been faithful. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness tonight. We serve a great and a mighty God tonight. Thank you that your goodness, your mercy is running after me. So thankful that he came looking for me in my time of need. Amen. We serve a wonderful God tonight. Just before service, Brother Joshua Mukabate sent a praise report and it's kind of lengthy, so I was just going to read it here off the phone. He says, "Last night, Sister Maggie Mapo collapsed at a graduation ceremony. She lost consciousness, couldn't move or speak, but God came on the scene, worked in a miraculous way. Once she collapsed, brothers and sisters surrounded her and instantly started praying. After 10 to 15 minutes, she started attempting to move her hands, which she couldn't do before as she'd been completely unconscious. The ambulance then later rushed her to the hospital, to the emergency room. She was there till about 3 or 4:00 in the morning and finally came home. We give thanks to God for all things, for his mercy and his deliverance. So thankful the Lord was with Sister Maggie. He comes on the scene in our time of need. Amen. So if you have a need tonight, your faith be lifted. May you be encouraged. And the Araos will be traveling to Johnson City, Tennessee for Mary's graduation. Please pray for traveling mercies as they go to Tennessee. So let's remember the Arca Solas. Brother Roger Dunn is scheduled to have spinal surgery tomorrow morning. So, let's pray for Brother Roger. And brother Thomas Yazy sent me a text before service asking that we remember his mother, Effie. She's in the hospital in Flagstaff with complications from a very bad fall. So, let's pray for Brother Thomas's mother, Effie. Pray the Lord just come on the scene. And sister Debbie Sell has an urgent prayer request tonight. She has a skin infection on her leg and she can't be mobile. She sees a doctor in the morning. So let's pray for sister Debbie. Pray the Lord would come on the scene and touch her. And brother Jesse Love, if you would come tonight, just take us before the Lord in prayer. And whatever your need might be, just hold it there before him. Just believe that I believe. Lord, help my unbelief tonight, Lord. Amen. Just also want to pray for brother James. Pray the Lord to just use him this evening as he speaks and just looking forward to what the Lord has in store. Jess, let's bow our heads. Dear Lord Jesus, Father, as we come to you, Lord, this evening, Father, we just ask forgiveness, Lord, for all of our shallow mindness, Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord, for everything you've done for us, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for being with us, Lord, in the storm. We thank you, Father, for being with us in the car, Lord, when we almost have accidents, Lord. Father, we thank you for being with our sister, Lord, when she went down, Lord, and the brothers prayed for her, Lord. We just thank you for raising her up, Lord. Father, just forgive us, Lord, for not seeing you and everything, Lord. Father, we come to you this evening, Lord, and we just ask you to show more of you to us, Father. Lord, be with us, Lord. Be in the song service. We love you, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Want to welcome each one into the house of the Lord tonight and just look forward to what he has in store for us. Just a reminder, our Sunday school play will be this Sunday, 6 o'clock here at the church. So, all are invited. So, we're looking forward to that. They're remodeling the restrooms over on this side of the church. So, those are closed and off limits tonight. Hopefully, they'll be back be operational on Sunday. And then I've got two notes here. One's from Sister Sarah. She says, "Happy birthday to my sweet husband, Brother Brian." So, Brother Brian, happy birthday. Amen. And then brother Neil and sister Karen also want to wish you a happy birthday. They said they love and appreciate you very much. We all love and appreciate brother Brian. Always happy to see them sitting right there on the front row. And Amen. May the Lord richly bless them. Amen. I am resolved no longer to linger. Charmed by the world's delight. We don't want to linger here. Amen. I want to be ready for that catching away. Amen. I am resolved, no longer to linger, charmed by the world's delight. Things that are higher, things that are nobler, these have alert my sight, and I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. [Music] Jesus the great is highest. I will come to him and I am resolved to go to the savior believing my sin and striving. Oh, he is the true one. He is the just one. He had the words of life and I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Oh Jesus, the great is highest. I will come to thee and I am resolved to follow the Savior faithful and true each day. Oh, he what he's saying, do what he will and he is the living way and I will hasten to him. hasten so glad and free. Oh Jesus, great is highest. I will come to thee and I am resolved to enter the kingdom. Leaving the paths of sin. And friends may oppose me. Those may be sent me still will I enter in. And I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and praise. Jesus the greatest highest. I will sing the course again. Oh, I will to him. Hasten so glad and free. Oh Jesus great and highest I will come to thee. Once like a bird in prison I dwelt and no freedom from my sorrow I felt. But then Jesus came and listened to me. Glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. And he broke the bones of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to sing. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Now I am climbing higher each day. In darkness of night, it's drifted away and my feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm homeward bound. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free and he broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Goodbye to sin and things I've been found. Not this world will turn me around. Daily I'm working. I'm praying too. Glory to God. I'm going through. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. And he broke the bones of prison for me. My glory bound my Jesus to sing. Oh, glory to God. He set me [Music] free. Hallelujah. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh glory, glory. Christ is mine. Oh yes, he's mine. To him I now resign for I have been. I have been. Sing it again. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh glory, glory. Christ is mine. On the hill I now reside. For I have been. I have been one more time. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. Oh yes, he's mine. All the hell I reside. For I have been I have been redeemed. One night while on life's raging sea, it looked as if I would suffer defeat. As the blackness of light, it closed off the light. My heart sank with fear. My desperate cry, it rang out with fright. All I could see was no hope in sight. With faith all but gone. Oh, I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Oh, he made a way when there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was near to rescue my soul, calm all my fear. Now it's safe from all harm. Since I met the one who came looking for [Music] me. Satan had already picked out my grave. His planet moved forward to put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost. I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Jesus appeared, said, "This one is mine. Now I'm safe with no harm." He walked through that storm. Came looking for [Music] me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Oh, he made a way when there was no way that I could see. I drifted. Jesus was near to rescue my soul from all my fear. Safe from all harm. Since I met the one. Now I'm safe from all harm. Now I'm safe from all harm. Since I met the one who came looking for me. Give him praise to me. Thank you Lord for your mercy and your goodness. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. Sister Anne has a song for us tonight. Sister Anne, thank you for singing for us. you everybody. Um, this is very unplanned. This is not like me. I don't like to sing on the spot, but um, I've had this song for a while in my heart and and tonight we I was not even supposed to play the piano or whatever, but um, I just felt I had to sing a song. It's an old hymn. Maybe some of you know it. Just sing along with me. Um, and I was just reading about the I was just curious. I was like, "Oh, that's a hymn." Like, let's see what what's behind the song or who wrote it. And I was just reading it's um the lady that wrote it, the sister that wrote it. Um she was orphaned twice like she lost two time her parents and her adoptive parents. She had multiple sclerosis. She was in a wheelchair and you just if you put yourself in her like this is what the song is about. So I hope it can be a blessing. It's very unprepared. We like we haven't really run into it but God bless you. [Music] He giveth more grace as our burden grow. [Music] He sendeth more grace as our labors increase to added affliction. He added his mercy to multiplay trials. be multiply when we have exhausted our store of endurance. When our strength has fell air, the day is half dawn. When we reach the end of our hoarded resources, our father forgiven is only begun. His love has no limit. His grace has no measure. His power, no boundary known unto men. For out of his infinite riches in Jesus, he give it and giveth and giveth again. Fear not that thy need shall exceed his provision or God ever yours. His resource to share in the heart of thee are never lasting a failing the father both thee and thy love will appear. His love has no limits. His grace has no measure. His power no bounty known unto [Music] men. Pour out of his infinite riches in Jesus. He giveth and he giveth. He give it again. [Music] me in su. [Music] He done pleased the cross. He giveth and giveth him giveth again. [Music] Amen. Beautiful old song. Thank you, Sister Anne. Let's all stand as we prepare to turn the service. Brother James, pour your spirit out on me. Amen. Invite him to rain down upon us tonight. How many are looking forward to what the Lord has for you tonight? Amen. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the [Music] rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your once again as we invite him to have his way. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty. fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Fill my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. Is that truly your desire this evening? that he would come and he would pour himself out once again that he would renew us aresh. There's a portion in [Music] scripture that they begin to walk away from [Music] Jesus and he asked his disciples, "Will you go also?" [Music] Peter told him, "Lord, where would we go? Amen. Where would we go, saints? Where would we go? For you have the words of eternal life. How thankful we are. How blessed we are. That God sent a prophet in this day to come, a vindicated word that we can follow. Amen. Don't take it for granted. Don't take it for Don't take it lightly. Could we sing the song only believe? [Music] He said, "If I can get the people to believe, God, you don't got to understand it all, [Music] but just believe." [Music] Let's sing this together. Yes. Holy believe. [Music] Believe all things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Oh, we believe. Oh, we believe all things are possible. Only believe. Let's just bow our heads and our hearts together. Maybe you have a need upon your heart. My boys are home. It's sick this evening. And I know Ben's little boy is got strep throat and little Jethro's got an ear infection. And I'm sure there's many needs across this building. But only believe that all things are possible. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we've gathered on this Wednesday night, Lord, we set aside the cares of life. We set aside the the workday. And I know your people have come. Maybe they've worked hard and they're tired and body, but Lord, they've made a sacrifice to come and hear your word. And we're just asking by the foolishness of preaching that you would come by and that you would minister to hearts. That you would, Lord, come and just talk to us along the way. Father, Lord, there's a there's a world that's dying out there, but you've sent a word. You've sent a light in this day. And how blessed we are that we can come with an opportunity, Lord, not taking it lightly, not taking it for granted, Lord, but would you come and just speak to our hearts, Lord, how we love you and we thank you for your goodness and your mercy in our lives. What a blessed people we are. Yes. We just ask that you would come. Give us eye sab to see. Give us uncction of the Holy Spirit. Lord, soften the grounds of our hearts. Lord, let us receive what you would have for us this evening. We grant it. And we'll be sure to give you all the praise, the honor, and the glory in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. You love the Lord this evening. Amen. If you have your Bibles, thank you musicians. St. John 14. St. John 14. And then we're going to turn to Malachi 4. Just for a a simple thought this evening, it's going to be changing times but an unchangeable God. St. John 14 and verse 12 it says verily verily I say unto you he that believeth on me the works that I do shall he do also and the greater works than these shall he do because I go unto my father and whatsoever ye shall ask in my name that will I do that the father may be glorified in the son and if you ask anything in my name I will do it thank you lord and he continues here in this portion if If you love me, keep my commandments. And it just struck me and I know that there's no coincidence on how God writes his scriptures. There's a purpose and a place in how he writes these things. And he unfolds it. And he says, "If you want to do the greater work, if you want to do the greater things, ask anything in my name." But he says, "If you love me, keep my word." Amen. Keep my commandments. In verse 16, "And I will pray the father and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever." I'm so thankful it's forever. That it's not just a a a part-time or a sometime or whenever he feels like it. And you know, sometimes in the bad times, no, this comforter abides with us forever. Amen. Even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him, for he dwelleth in you, and shall be with you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Yet a little while, and the world will see me no more, but ye shall see me. Because I live, ye shall live also. And at that day shall ye know that I am in the Father, and ye in me, and I in you. Yes, sir. He that hath my commandments and keepeth them. So, it's not just having the commandments. It's not just having your name in a church age book. It's not just having your name and having the books of the prophets and all these uh you know your Bible and table on your phone. All these things. It's not just having the commandments, but it's keeping them. Amen. And keepeth him. He it is that loveth me. And he that loveth me, he shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. Thank you, Lord. Let's turn to Malachi 4 and verse one. We know this was spoken prophetically and it was given for a future time. In Malachi 4:1 it says, "For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble. And the day that that cometh shall burn up them up, sayeth the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave thee neither root nor branch. But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings. And ye shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall. And ye shall tread down the wicked, and they shall be ashes under the souls of your feet in the day that I shall do this, sayeth the Lord of hosts. Amen. In verse four, remember ye the laws of Moses my servant, which I have commanded unto him in Orab for all of Israel, which is my statutes and my judgments. You can be seated this evening. Thank you, sir. So now looking at these portions of scripture and the ones I highlighted here is he that hath my commandments and keepeth them. He it is that loveth me and he that loveth me shall ab shall be loved of my father and I will love him and I will manifest myself in him. And I begin to look in Malachi 4 here. We know that Malachi 4:5 was speaking of the prophet of this day. And we know that this scripture is is is fulfilled. And and we know that the that when scripture is written, as I said, it is written in certain ways. And as I begin to read here in Malachi 4, and it says, "But unto you that fear my name shall a son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings." So there's coming a day, listen to everybody else, there's darkness and there's going to be doom and and destruction. But unto you, unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness. The prophet would say shalom. Good morning. What is it? It is the rising of the sun. And so we see the son of righteousness shall come with healing in his wings and he shall tread down the wicked and they shall be as ashes under your feet. And you can read the scripture whose feet shall the shall tread upon them. It is going to be your feet that you tread upon the wicked ones, the ones that have tried to come upon you. And as I read this scripture, we know that in verse five, it says, "Behold, I send Elijah the prophet." So why did he have to put this verse four, remember ye the laws and the statutes that I have given unto Abraham. And so I begin to look here and if we continue in St. John 14, Judas saith unto him not as scary he says Lord how is it that will manifest thyself unto us and not unto the world. You see to a human mind and trying to understand certain things it is so uh it is said in such a way that we we question how God how are you going to come and show yourself and the world won't recognize. But let me ask you that what is happening in this our day. The things and prophecies are coming to pass and yet they are not recognizing what is happening. Christ showing himself in simplicity. He's showing himself to an elect lady in our day and the whole world has no idea what is happening. Right. And he that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings, and the words which he have heard not, but my father which sent me. These things have I spoken unto you, being present with you. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, listen, this is why it's so important to get the Holy Ghost. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance. whatsoever I say unto you. You say, "Brother James, I don't know everything and I read in my scriptures and I have certain questions." Well, you get the Holy Ghost one time and let me tell you, he will begin to teach you and he will begin to reveal unto you and he'll begin to manifest himself unto you all these things. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It's so important to get the Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. Because he teaches us these things. And how can the Holy Ghost bring us these things back into our remembrance? Brother Brandham would begin to tell us. He's like, "I'm a proud American and everything that America was, I am." He says, "I was there at Plymouth Rock. I was there when they wrote the Declaration of Independence. I was there." Why? Because I was an American. But let me say this evening, he also said that I because I was a Christian. I was there when all those things happened in the Bible. I was there at Calvary when they crucified him. But I was there three days later when they rose again. Everything that happened throughout the Bible, why is it bringing it into your remembrance? It was because you were there. Amen. It's the same Holy Ghost for each one of us. He begins to reveal and he begins to show us and teach us all things. Yes, sir. He is the great comforter. And he says, "Peace I leave unto you. My peace I give unto you. Not as the world giveth give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled neither let it be afraid. Amen. Why is it whenever this whole world is falling apart and people are running to and fro have no answers and yet they see your life and I have, you know, men that I talk with and we and we go and we'll go out to lunch and he'll begin to see and he'll be like, "Well, how's business going and how's this and that?" And you begin to talk about certain things and yet there's no fear. There's no worry. Why? Because this is all carnal. This is all temporal. This has no meaning. No matter how busy I get and how crazy life is, this is the the number one thing. This is the number one priority that we must keep in line that we must keep our life lined up with this word. Because if we begin to drown ourselves in in work and in in life and the busyiness and the cares of life as the scripture would say, we become just like them. True. But how blessed we are that we have a sanctuary to come to that we have a God that it's not just some God way up up there but he's a personal God. Yes he is. Peace I leave with you. And he says uh in in chapter or in verse 19 he says now I have told you before it should come to pass that when it has come to pass you might believe. When it comes to pass you'll believe. Then right many times that's what even the prophets all down through the the ages they would begin to prophesy you can brother Brandon would tell us many times in the scripture or you know in his sermons he would say write this down write this in the fly leaf in your Bibles see if it thus sayeth the Lord and it don't come to pass if it don't come to pass I'm a false prophet but he says write these things down mark these things in your mind he would say why it's just thus sayeth the Lord it's the same spirit speaking Amen. Yes, sir. That when these things come to pass, you will believe then. And we know that in Amos, he would say that it's got to come to his prophets first. And as we journey down through the Bible, God would use prophets that he would lead his people. They would never have a king or or somebody a ruler over them, but God would anoint a man, a God- called man, that he would give them a word for that day. and he would lead his people according to his the the leadership of almighty God. Amen. And God doesn't ever change the way that he operates. He always operates the same way. So as he started and he would have Moses lead the people out of Israel and you see or out of Egypt and you would see all these the leadership of man. But what happens with man is they get puffed up or they get in a way that they can do it themselves and they begin to say, "Well, we don't need God. Let's just let's anoint a man within ourselves. Let's raise up a man. And that's what they did. And if we look at it in the Old Testament in Samuel in 1 Samuel uh uh verse one or chapter 1 and we we would see here that Hannah w would go into the priest of Eli and she would cry out unto God and she would say, "Lord, I I would want a son." And God would she would vow a vow and God would honor her faith and he would give her a son. It would be Samuel. and verse three and chapter 3 would go on and there would be no open vision in that day. There was no prophet to lead the people. So what happened is God began to raise up this young man Samuel under the the leadership of Eli. And and we know the story that you know God would call unto Samuel and he'd say Samuel, Samuel. And Samuel would run unto Eli and say I'm here. And after a while, why? Because he didn't know the leadership of God. The scripture says he didn't know God at that time. And so then when Eli caught on, he says, "No, call unto it is God that's calling you." So what happens is God is leading this man, he's raising up a young man. And we know the story that in chapter 8 and let's read in verse one. And it came to pass when Samuel was old. So we know that uh as as scripture would have it, we would see that the people of Israel for a time. But whenever he got old that he made his sons judge judges over Israel. And now the name of his firstborn was Joel and the name of his second was Abaya. And they were judges in Basheba. And his sons walked not in the ways, not in his ways, but turned aside after Lucer and took bribes and perverted judgment. They began to disobey and walk away from the commandments of God. They begin to do things, but yet Samuel appointed them. You see, sometimes you got to be careful because sons that are appointed, you you see God can call a man and he can call a man to be a pastor. And you can see it happen within the message that they'll he'll he'll call a man to be a pastor, but doesn't mean that his son is a pastor as well. But then you get this successionary ministry that's coming that, oh, when this pastor pass away, well, my son's going to take over or this person's going to take over. That's not the way that God elects man. That's not the way God calls man. Right? You see, it's easy sometimes to see or try to to to put that into our our carnal reasoning that he maybe he's around the ministry or we raised up in a church so he knows the ways and he I can put more confidence you know I'm going to put you in position. But yet you see his sons did evil in the sight of God. Yeah. And then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together and came to Samuel unto Rama and said unto him, "Behold, thou are old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways. Now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. Make us a king. Give us a king." And the Lord said unto Samuel, hearken unto their voice of the people in all that they say unto thee, and they have not rejected thee, but they have reject they haven't rejected thee, but they've rejected me that I should not reign over them. They haven't rejected you, Samuel, but they've rejected me under my leadership. They want a man. They want somebody that they would go into battle and they would lead them and they can worship him. And what did God do? He honored their wish. He says, "You want a king? I'll give you a king. But you let me tell you what this king's going to do. Let me tell you how he's going to lead your people. You let me tell you the laws that you're going to have to live by and the tenth of this and that and all the offerings that you're going to have to take and give up and your sons are going to have to go into battle and your daughters are going to become cooks and servants and ma handmaids and all these things." And guess what? They still wanted a king. Yeah. Give us a king. Give us a king. And you can track these two spirits down all the way back. Brother Brandham says you can track it all the way back down to the garden where Cain and Abel would grow. And Judas and Christ, brother Brandham says in the mark of the beast, he would say that Calvary, he says we can see that there was three crosses at Calvary. There was three crosses at Calvary, but yet there was a fourth off in the distance because Judas hung himself in shame. He was out there. He says, "How beautiful the type." He says, "You can follow it right through Calvary." That Jesus, the son of man, came down and he was manifest. He came to get the repented sinner and take him back to heaven. And yet he had the unrepentant sinner and the son of predition that came from hell and he took him back to hell. He says, you see him intertwined all the way down through history. the antichrist and the bride coming into manifestation in this day. You see, religion is according to it the leadership of man and what they say and how they want the word of God to go. Religion is one of those things that they can lead a group of people and it's amazing what people will follow. It's amazing what people will get under that influence that a man under a certain anointing can anoint people to believe in what he says. And brother Brandham says, "I I don't hate the people. I hate the the the the religion and the things that they stand for." Amen. The spirits behind those. And yet they can get so anointed to believe. And what happens in religion? Man begins to put his own opinion. He begins to put his own ideas. He begins to put things. He begins to put a dot instead of a comma. And how they believe and what they and things that they should do. You can look at it from the Catholic Church. The pope before Pope Francis came in and what did he begin to do? He begin to uh change up laws and rules and things within and how they operate. He would begin to he he started a process in trying to allow women to become deacons and stuff within the church. You take one of the oldest religions in history, right? And yet you can take one man, he comes into office and he can begin to change laws and do things and change things. What was the big thing he was known for is to in include all the inclusivity of the LGBQ and all the gays and all these different things. He began to change. How do you change God's word? How do you change something a a religion of history and all all these years? Can you imagine all those popes that have gone before him? I wonder what they would say to the things that he passed. And I had watched this little interview on on on and just how what the reasoning behind and why he would change. And he would begin, he says, "Who am I to judge? Who am I to judge?" He says, "God loves everybody." He says, "Whenever they come and they want me to bless their gay marriage," you know what it is? He said, he says, "I don't bless their gay marriage because that's against God's laws and statutes." He says, "I bless them as individuals." Now, how does that make sense? You bless the individual, but you don't bless their mar. Like, how does that because you don't want to offend. You don't want to hurt somebody. But yet, you also don't want to stand on God's word and tell them no, that this is wrong. Who am I to judge? He said, "How do you bless a couple?" So what is it? You bless the individual, but you allow them to continue to live in sin. You see, the reasoning behind it doesn't make sense. But yet it's the world and the day and the hour that we're living in that as long as you give them money and as long as you pour give them a dollar and as long as you pay and you go and you go and do these masses and everything, they accept and they want everybody. Let me tell you, they ain't after your soul. They're after your money. That's right. And you say, "Well, how do you know? My mom was raised up Catholic and she would tell me that even her uncle, they didn't have, they were poor and they didn't have enough money to get a casket. They didn't have enough money to pay a priest to come and do the ceremony. So, they put a bed sheet over a a fold up table and that's how he had his funeral. Because if you want to be buried, if you want to have a priest come and do your wedding, if you want to have a priest do your dedications, if you want to have a priest come and do your your uh your funeral, you got to pay the money. How would you like it if brother Ron started doing that? How would you feel that you paid and you did your whole life and you served you served the church and you gave your money and you did everything? And he says, "Okay, now you got to pay me. You want me to come pray for you? I'll pay. Pay. You want me to come to your house? You want me to come to the hospital? Pay. I'll come. I'll serve you." The mother ever the brand would call it after your money. And yet you see that even her other uncle just passed away a couple years ago. We would go and he was live down in Tucson and we'd go and pray with him just before I mean just a shell of a man. My dad would go and see him one of the last times. He didn't want a Catholic priest. He didn't want somebody to come and do his sermon. You know who he wanted? My dad. Why? because he's seen the life of Christ in him. He's seen the life of Christ in him. He says that's a man of God. That's right. That he would come and that he would pray for me and he would come and he would have feelings and you can feel the difference. They know when it's real. They know when it's genuine. They know when it's not a put on. It's not a religion. Let me tell you, this is not a religion. This isn't something that I put on and I do it and I do this and I do it for money and all that. No, no, no. This isn't for that. This is a relationship with Jesus Christ. It's a relationship with not only him, but with his people and a love for his people to serve God's people. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. We know the prophecy and I and I know Brother Ron hit it on Sunday. I I didn't get to stream it. The streaming shut down. So if I say something repetitive, you just say amen like you heard it the first time. Amen. But I just want to say this because before I say put this next portion is because I had many questions here or not many questions but you see when the prophecy is being fulfilled and things are being said and prophetic things are said and you look at it and you find it in brother Brandham's ministry, I have to tie it all the way through. This is me as an individual. You have to see that whenever he speaks something that if he says it a certain way, you got to make sure that it lines up all together. That it's just not when he says, "Thus sayeth the Lord," it's not just a happen stance and it goes here and it and it comes back and it might be this and it might be that. But no, it's all the way through. Amen. Because I had many questions even within a young man I was talking with. But brother Brandham says, "Uh, watch the purple curtain." He says, "Listen, thus sayeth the Lord, repent. I predict the three curtains we know. He says, "Remember in the name of the Lord Jesus, get away from it." He says, "Come away from anything that is attached to it." And I skipped over, but watch the purple curtain that's arising in the United States. The Roman Empire, the crulest of them all. Now listen, the conclave didn't have any choice on it. They think they had a choice. But when God's word is being fulfilled, things are coming to pass. They can make all the decision. They they made the decision. But let me tell you, when God's timing is to come to pass, it's his time. It don't matter how many popes and this and that and religions and you can vote on this and that. No. When God's word is going to come to pass, it's going to come to pass. Yes, sir. Amen. And so we see that the Catholic religion and even before the news would hit and everything would come out, I begin to look on it because as seasons and we're talking on uh changing times, but an unchanging God. And as changing times begin to happen, you begin to see bigger ponds being put in place. When presidents ta change or this happens or a pope is changing, you better look and watch and see what's happening. Amen. Sure. That drawing. So, as you know, Pope Francis would pass away over the past month or whatever it is, you just begin to watch and see how is it going to play out. And the news would say it would be impossible for American Pope. And we I'm sure you guys seen it all. And how that they would push for a black or an Asian or, you know, there was different things. And who knows, we could have had the first woman pope for all we know. You laugh, but you better watch out because there's things coming and happening. And so what made me get to think on this as we even went to Branson and we seen the play and there was something of whenever they began to shout, "Give us a king. Give us a king." And I begin to seen clips of whenever the pope was elected and it was an American pope and you see all the people going crazy and the antichrist spirit and you could see two sides. What are they wanting? Give us a king. Give us a ruler. Give us somebody over us. These spirits that are rising and we know that prophecy of a woman coming in power. Now, brother Brandham says the first time that he mentioned it was 1955 of a woman coming into power. Now, this is the question that I had because we know that before brother Brandham says before the end time would come, there'd be a woman that would be a great ruler in the nation and she will either be a president or something in that order, a great woman. So, up until 1958, he would or 55 from 1955 to 1958, he would begin to say that he was a woman of some sort. I can't tell. But he never really mentions it would be the Catholic Church. And so we know that Camala would come into to office and so people would say this is prophecy. He said a woman would come into power. Now I believe it but there was something behind and there was a time in the last year that I would begin to uh study it out and I would try to uh put it into something and it just would fall flat. Brother Matthew would know that we were working together and we had this question. Why? Because in 1963 he says and this is what be a woman stand up there that would govern the United States. Not actually a woman but a church. And then I seen her with nothing but ashes is going going to happen. So I said how could it be a woman but then he says it's a church. So if you begin to look at all the times that the prophet would begin to say this from 1955 to 1958 he would say I believe it's a woman or something. Five or six times he would say it. But then if you begin to follow from 1958 on this is this the the the quote he says there will be a great and powerful woman rise up either a woman president or a dictator or some great woman in the United States and she'll sink under the influence of women. Now you remember thus sayaith the Lord and she's wrong. What has given way to it? Let me tell you be spiritual. Let open up. Look, he says, why is it doing that? To give the way to give the Catholic Church a place to come in. Amen. To give the Catholic Church a place to come in. And from 1958, from that very quote, he begins to say that it's the Catholic Church. He begins to say it's a woman in power. He begins to say that it's a woman or something like that. He says per uh perhaps a woman being beautiful and attractive. Now, beauty is within the eyes of a holder. Amen. So, when Camala came into office, it's hard to uh but you see that he says perhaps a woman beautiful and attractive will be the Catholic Church, cruel at heart, and she'll lead the nation to pollution. He says, "But a powerful woman." And now remember this isn't you see in church. He says this is on tape. He says a beautiful w a powerful woman, a great woman. She'll either be a president or she'll be a woman representing the Catholic church which I think it is which will take over someday and she will rule this country. This nation is a woman's nation. He says everything is woman woman. Write down he says and just the bait for the Catholic church for the worship of a woman. They're already worshiping a woman. Anyhow, you see, he made a way by a woman president. Then he would say he would open the door for the Catholic Church to come in. Many would say even the news articles, they always wanted they never wanted America to have a pope. Why? Because they would have the religion power. Not only all the other powers, economical and all that, but it would be they would have the religious power. Right. Now they're saying, "Well, the reason they have American Pope is because they wouldn't have they don't have the power." But that's not right. Yeah. Until she's defeated, until she's sent down. So, we look at our lives and we see that prophecy is coming into fulfillment, that changes are happening, things are happening. Listen, now's not a time to get your line all tangled up. Now's not a time to start getting distracted. Amen. You say, "What are you trying to tell us this evening? That things are changing. Things are happening, but God is still the same. And we can believe that he's the same." Yes, I believe in all the miracles. And I believe that God, if he did it once, he could do it again. But let me tell you, let me tell you this. Even he's the same in his laws and his statutes. That we got to stay with the simplicity of the message. That we got to stay with the commandments. We got to do the little things cuz when you do the little things, the big things will happen. Amen. Amen. That's right, sir. Amen. We can look back in our lives and see and and change has happened. None of us are prevented from change. None of us like change. Every time I get up here, you're all sitting in the same place. And I get up here once a month and you're still. But change is hard. Change is a hard thing. Yes, we go through things in life that we never thought that we would have to go through. Sometimes we plan out our lives and we say, "God, this is how I'm going to do it and this is the way I'm going to live and this is the job and this is the career path and this is the things I'm going to do." And what happens? Change. Something is thrown in the wrench. Some of you didn't even know you would move to Phoenix, Arizona. Some of you didn't even know that you would be here. Some of you didn't know the trials that God would have to bring you through. True. He didn't know the cost of some of the the things that you were going through. You didn't know maybe your loved one would pass away. That you would have to walk this road alone. But change change is hard. Change is inevitable. Change is one of those things that's going to happen sooner or later. And we see it in our lives. And we all walk different roads. Listen, if you would have told me as an elementary boy that I would begin to preach the gospel to get up in front of people, we had these speech competitions every year. It would go up by a minute. So you would start at show and tell when you were just a kid and you would go and show your little toy and then as you progressed we went to a a small schoolhouse and every year you would have to speak three minutes, four and a half minutes, five minutes. By the eighth grade you had to get over a a six or eight minute speech. If you had told me that I would be doing this, I'd have said you're crazy. Who came up with spelling bees? Who thought those were fun? I want you to come in front of the class and see if you can spell or not. I mean, what do you get out of that? Please give me a definition. Hey, but as a kid, you know what I would do? I would just mess up on purpose. I would because I hated it. I didn't want it. But yet God does things and he changes the the way that your path is going because it's not our will, but it's his will. And when you begin to understand that, and the sooner you begin to understand it, the better it will be for you. Our lives are not what we are not up to our own thinking, but according to God's plan. And if Satan can get you to think that you're all alone, I want you to listen real quick. If Satan can get you to think that you're all alone, that you're the only one, that you're the only one going through something hard, the one that's hard to get up, and you know what? No matter how much you you think that ministers are always in in the presence of God and they don't have any trials and they don't not going through anything and their life isn't busy and and they're just living this holy sanctified and we don't have all the cares of life, you're wrong. We all have trials. We all have struggles. We all have things and burdens that we're carrying. But let me tell you, if you're all alone, let me tell you something this evening. Have fellowship. You need to get in fellowship with somebody. You need to talk to somebody. You need to find a friend. You need to reach out because the the sooner you can reach out. We begin to sit around the fire on the father son thing. And we begin to talk and just talk with one another, let me tell you, each one of us, oh, I feel you. I know your pain. I hear you. I need a work life balance. I need to get closer to God. I need to do this. I need to do that. Amen. You need to have fellowship. Yes. Amen. You need to have fellowship. True. You know, the hardest thing is to open up. The hardest thing is to tell somebody, but yet once you do it, the burden is so light. Amen. Amen. And as we read here, if you love me, keep my commandments and remember the laws and the statutes given unto Moab Moses at Horum. So we see in Deuteronomy 4 and verse one he says now therefore oh Israel unto the statutes and unto the judgments which I teach you for to do them that ye may live and go in and possess the land which the Lord God of your fathers giveth you and ye shall not add unto the word which I command you neither shall ye diminish ought from it that ye may keep the commandments of the Lord which I have commanded to you. So, you see, I don't want you to to change these laws. I don't want you to alter these laws. Let me tell you, God's wrote his word just exactly the way that he wanted it. That's right. And you say, "How is it possible that that in the commandments, the ten commandments, that God would come down and he would write them upon the tables of stone and it would be good for uh thousands of years?" Because it's a vindicated word. And it's just as powerful as it is today as it was then. Things that we must do. Amen. It's create Christianity 101. It's the simple things that if we're not careful, the little foxes that spoil the vine. We begin to look and see that prophecy here and prophecy there. But let me tell you this evening, there's another prophetic thing coming to pass. There's another lady that's coming into fulfillment. Yes, sir. And we must keep our lives aligned with that prophet. We must keep our lives aligned with his statutes, with his laws, with his teachings. He would give the ten commandments and we know them. And as I, you know, just go ahead and put them up. And it's things we learn as little kids and we got to memorize them and say them before the class. But you read them. Sometimes it's good to read back over them. Amen. Why? Because it's putting you in remembrance. I'm not telling you nothing new this evening. I'm just putting you in remembrance. Amen. Amen. Because when you look at these ten commandments, that ye shall not no other gods before you, no graven image, not take the Lord thy God in vain, remember the Sabbath and keep it holy. What's happening in this our day? Do we want to? If we had time, we could break each one of these down. We begin to idolize certain things. We begin to put things between us and God. Yeah. Come on. He began to do things on Sundays that we probably shouldn't do. Is there are they sinful things? No. Let's just say, but he says, "Keep it holy. Keep it reverent." Yes. True. Honor thy father and thy mother. That's the first one with promise. How many is honoring your father and your mother? He doesn't say, "Honor your father if he's good to you. Honor your mother if she's good or she raised you," right? It doesn't say that. Come on. It says, "Honor your father and mother." You say, "Brother James, you don't understand. My dad, he he wasn't much of a standard. He wasn't much of an example." That's not what it says. Amen. The greater the sacrifice, the greater the blessing. Honor thy father and thy mother. Commit not adultery. Do not steal. You see, when you read over some of these things, you can say, "Ah, I don't do those. Those are easy. Check them off my list." But then you can read in the New Testament, how do you steal in your tithes and offerings? Not giving unto God. Not giving him. You want to take it farther? Not giving time unto God. You're stealing his time. You see, when you begin to break these things down in these statutes, you can really narrow it down. You can pick them apart. But I'm not here to do that. I'm just here to put you in remembrance to say, "God, help me. Help me give you more time. Help me not take the things for granted. Maybe I put idols. Maybe I put things in in between you and I. I say, Lord, help us. We read over in Matthew because we know that God doesn't do away with the law. He doesn't do away with say, "Okay, those were for that time. Now, let's change the law." Because then we become the Catholic Church that whenever a pope comes in, he can change or another minister comes in, he can change whatever. We see it happening all across the You can look at our presidents. They come in for four years, they got four years, they change everything and then they unchange it. Then they change it. Build a wall. Don't build a wall. You see, it's just confusion. There's no You're not getting anywhere. You're going forward, but you're not getting anywhere. And people are so divided. But yet God doesn't change who he is. He doesn't change his statutes. He doesn't change his laws. When he speaks, it is from when pro when prophets would prophesy and they would begin to speak. It was from that time on Matthew 5:17, he says, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I'm not come to destroy, but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or tit shall not no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. And whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven. So, not only break the laws, but you have ones that are going to break the law, and they're going to begin to teach others how to do it. Be careful who you follow. Amen. But whosoever shall do it and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. You see, he doesn't do with away with the old. And the ten commandments aren't just they're just as much truth as they were then. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because we can read in Matthew 5 after the biatitudes, he says, not only uh not only those, but this Bible, you see, is timeless. So, as God begins to unfold himself, he would call his people and he would tell them, "I want you to abide by these statutes." And then he would add to them and then he would add to them. What is God doing? He's adding to our understanding. We're not going to be they're not going to behold in the first church age according to what we know because God's unfolded himself a whole lot more now. Amen. Matthew 5:21, he says, "Ye have heard of the things said of them of old, thou shalt not kill, and whosoever shalt thou kill shall be in danger of judgment. But I say unto you that whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of judgment." My goodness. How do you put murder and anger with your brother in the same thing? Do you see what God is trying to do? He's trying to bring you up to a higher standard. He's trying to grow your faith. He's trying to grow you in stature. He's trying to grow you in virtue. Whenever you start the and Michelangelo would chop away at the masterpiece, it wasn't it was big chunks at the beginning. But now he gets a refining hammer and he begins to chip away things that are not of God, things that we don't we shouldn't have in our lives. Yeah. And 27. You have heard it said of the times of old, what are they talking about? The ten commandments, thou shalt not commit adultery. But I say unto you that whosoever lookth upon a woman to lust after hath committed adultery or in her heart already in his heart. Says, "Ye have heard of it said that it hath been said, an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. But I say unto you that ye resist not evil, but whosoever shall smite ye on the right cheek, turn to him the other also. What a powerful and hard thing to do. You see the character that is coming with this this refining. Yeah. These new statutes, what is he? He's calling us higher. If a man smites you, turn your cheek. And he says,"I have a new commandment unto you, that you love one another as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. And by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if you have love one for another." Amen. They'll know you're my disciples if what? You have love one for another. Yeah. Not in loving him, but in love one for another. Because in loving one another, you have love for him. Trying to do God a service without being his will. He says, "Now I want you to kind of jot this in your mind. To keep God's commandment and to do anything right for God to do God a service correctly, there is five musts to do God's service correctly." He says, "First, this must be in his time to do it. He says, "What if Moses would come and say, "Well, we'll build an ark and float up the Nile like Noah did." Well, Noah's time was right for that ark, but not his time. What if Jesus would have come and said, "Now, I tell you, we'll we'll do we'll just go up on that mountain like Moses did and get a new declaration of law." See? Uh-huh. He was that law. See, he says, "You must be in his time. It must be in his season. You got that now? He says must be in his time. It must be in his season. Time in season. That's right. And it must be according number two. And it must be according to his word that he has spoken. Yes. Amen. It must be. I don't care how how you tell me say this ought to be or that ought to be or this ought to be. It's got to be according to his word, according to his time and his season. Amen. It must be given according to the person he has chosen to do it by. I'm going to read the highlighted. He says it must be according to his word, according to his time, according to his program. It must be by the person that he has chosen to give it to. And it must come first to his prophet. He says, "And his prophet must be vindicated by the word of God." He ties it all together and he says there are the there is your five musts. It's got to go that way. His time, his season. And when he said it would be and the man that he has chose, he says it must come to a prophet. And the prophet must be a vindicated prophet. We find out many of them in the Bible it come to a prophet. It wasn't vindicated. Our prophet is Jesus Christ. Amen. So whenever I read this quote, I begin to apply it to it's applicable to our individual lives. Amen. That whenever you begin to see and you if you want to do something for God or do something for his kingdom and serve him, it must be his time in his season. It must be according to his word. If you tell me you're going to do something and it's outside the confounds of his word, it can be of God. If you tell me you're going to go and do such and such job or you're going to work for this company or you're going to move over here and whatever the case is. If it's not according or outside the laws, where are you going to go to church? You must be chosen to do it. You must be the right man for the job. Listen, just because you have a desire to do something doesn't mean that you're the man for the job. Because many times that's where we mess up. That's right. We have a desire to serve God and we want to go and we want to evangelize. And you can get ones out there that want to preach the gospel and they go and they run and yet they don't have a message and they begin to cause headaches. And you get ones that will that will pray over young people and they'll do certain things and they they'll come through prayer lines and they'll say such and such. Brother Brandham says if you pray a spirit to cast off a spirit, you might put one on them. What is he saying here? That it must be given by a prophet. What's a New Testament prophet? A preacher. So sometimes you better make sure that the prophet is a vindicated prophet. Amen. He's a God- called prophet. But I love how he beautifully types this. What does he say at the very end? Who is our prophet? Who is our prophet? Who's the real prophet? It's Jesus. When God comes and he reveals something to your heart and he says, "I want you to do this and this." Let me tell you, if God tells you, it's a vindicated prophet. He'll show you and he'll make a way for you. Amen. You can't tell me, "Oh, God told me to do this and move here and he's going to provide a way and things are falling through. What's happening?" But when God calls you to a place, when God calls you to a job, when God calls you to a position, God will manifest in through your life. In presuming, Brother Brandham would be talking to a young boy and he he would say, "God is a good God. God allows us to go God allows me to do anything. He says right here in paragraph 89, he says, "God is a good God." We hear so much about him being a good God, and I believe that he's a good God. That's right. He is a good God, but if he's a good God, he's got to be just God. He can't give us a commandment to do something another and we disobey it and expect to escape the judgment. He says he's also got he's also a god of wrath, a god of judgment, that's what makes him a good God. That's right. Because he keeps his word. He watches over it. He says, "But remember, the only way that he can be a good he can be good is to be just." And if he's just, he's got to keep his own commandments. And if he keeps his commandments, it's wrong for Christians to intolerate with the world. It's wrong. We shouldn't do it. We're to be different people and we're only venturing out presuming without actually actual authority. Yeah. We're venturing out without actual authority. You see, you have authority within the confines of his word, but when you begin to venture out, you begin to lose authority. You begin to lose power. He says it's not right for Christians to intolerate these different things. He says, "Separate yourselves." Separate yourselves. You know, it was something we were walking around there in Branson. I don't know if you've been, but it's in the south and you have a lot of different uh denominations within there, holiness denominations there. And so you see all these different people and I asked a couple of them. I says, I wonder what they call you because you begin to label, oh, that that's Pentecostal and that that one's that one's Methodist and that one's this or that one's that. And I said, "Well, let me ask you this. I wonder what you would have to do different to stand out if you had to stand out." You understand? Because here, whenever you're walking around the streets, you're different. You look different. There's not many people that are walking around with skirts and dresses and all these things. They see a modest woman. But let me tell you, our walk with Christ, this isn't correcting them. I'm saying this as a as one that you begin to ask how I wonder what they would call us. I wonder how do we make ourselves stand out in a mixed crowd like that. I wonder if we do stand out or if our walk and our dress and our and our the the way we carry themselves and the way our guys begin to dress if they begin to say, "Well, man, they look denominational. Man, that that looks a little too close. I would call them Christian, but they're they're doing this and that. I say, God, help us that we not begin to get so close to the line that we begin to border that line that people have a hard time judging who we are. Because out there, they can dress modest. They can wear the long dress. They can do those things. And let me tell you, in modesty, a lot of them, they can have us beat. Yeah, they can have us beat cuz the ones wear it to the floor length. But without revelation, without understanding and why you do those things, it's nothing. But yet when you do it as a love unto God, listen, that's when he receives it. Amen. And as I begin to to look at changing times with an unchangeable God, do we just believe God in unchanging times whenever the scripture says if he's done it once, he'll do it again? Which I believe. If he's healed once, he's going to do it again. Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's unchanging. He's unfailing. And so, you see that whenever he's done something, it's easy to look at those promises and say that he's unchanging. But let me ask you, what about his laws? What about his statutes? What about the things that we must live and the the standard that we must hold? The representation of how we dress and how we walk, the way we carry ourselves in the communication. Do people see Christ in us whenever they see us loving one another? Or do we have bickering and fighting and arguing and things going on and how how can he forgive and he turns the other shoulder? You see, it's the small things that are going to begin to separate us. They're going to pull us apart. He's unchanging in all the good prophecies and promises. But when God calls us to a higher standard, he calls us to stand out. He begins to put things in our remembrance, put things of the the simplicity of the gospel, going back and dotting our eyes and crossing our tees. You remember that in elementary if you turned in a paper and you didn't cross your uh uh your tea or dot your eye and it's the small things. Many times we forget the small things. Amen. We do. We get busy with life. I can be honest with you. I've gotten busy with life. We all do it. And then we come to church and we and we say, "Preacher, preach to me. Preach me happy. Preach me something that's going to excite me. Preach me something that's going to encourage me. Preach me happy. And then you come and you sit and I've been it. I'm talking to myself. And you sit and you say, "Well, that was that was all right. That was okay." But let me ask you, did did you come expecting? Did you come prayed up? Did you come in anticipation? When you seek in the mind of God, were you asking God to come and walk by your way? That the minister might leave his notes that he would come and say a word of encouragement to you? Come on. Because he says, "Is my hand not sure that I can't reach you? Do I not hear the cries of my people when they call out to me?" Because we go through things and sometimes God, he gives us a no. And you ask him for blessings. And you say, "God, I need this answer. I need you to come and come on the scene." And he says, "No." And you say, "God, I I really need it." And he says, "No." But what is our attitude then? Is our attitude the same as it would be a yes? Yeah. Because if he told you yes, what would your attitude be then? You see, it's all in our perspective. Amen. It's all in how we look at God and how we accept things in God. That we don't have control over a bunch of things, but God is in control. God knows the end from the beginning. He knows everything that we would go through. He knows the hard times. He would know the valley. Yeah. And you know how you can uh uh uh hinder Satan or or or or get him off guard is that whenever you're going through a trial and you're going through a hard time and you don't feel like coming on a Wednesday night and you don't feel like serving God, let me tell you, that's when you begin to praise him. That's when you come in expectation and you lift your hand and you say amen a little bit louder. Why? Because it's coming from the heart. And God accepts the praises of his people. And when you make an effort, when you make a step toward God, he says, "Will I not make a step toward you?" Thank you, Lord. True. We just need to make a step toward God. Brother Brandon would say that the lid of hell has been ripped off in this day and he's doing everything he can to stop you. He's got all his darts. Everything is pointed at you. True. And he's going to try every tactic to stop from you becoming who you are and who you should become. Amen. God didn't call you for who you were. He called you for who you'd become. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Who you would become. Right? Because many times whenever we look at ourselves, we look at failures and we say, "Lord, I can't achieve that and I can't live up to that standard. And I see this one and he's got the Holy Ghost and and he's living a sanctified life and he's doing things and then I come and I have fellowship with him and and I just can't live up to that." Listen, stop comparing yourself one to another. Them that compare themselves to another is foolish. be begin to look and say, "God, I don't understand it, but I believe your word. I don't know how you're going to fulfill it, but I know that you're going to fulfill it. I don't know all these things. The preacher is preaching about prophecy. He's preaching about things coming to pass. I don't see it. I I don't understand it." He said, "You didn't have to understand it." He said, "Only believe. Only believe that all things are possible." Thank you, Lord. All things. It don't matter the situation. It don't matter what you're going through. He said, "All things are possible." I have heard, but now I see. He says, "That's what the church, if it's in order, set in order." He says it's got the mechanics ready. It only needs the dynamics tonight. If we'll get the mechanics ready, get our hearts right in the things that we can do. Follow every word, follow him in baptism, follow him in every order that he has told us to do. Get every mechanic ready and stand there. Then we're ready for the dynamics to be lit off. And only God can do that. And that's to drop into your heart that faith that says, "I am now healed." Amen. Then don't make any difference of the circumstance is you're you're healed anyhow cuz it's faith and by faith you are healed. You see whenever you're beginning to live a sanctified a holy life whenever you begin to have the mechanics of your life you have things set in order within your life. You're living right. You're walking with God. You're having fellowship with him. Will not the Holy Spirit come down? And he would begin to allow that dynamic of the Holy Ghost to fall upon your life and bring it to life to change your circumstance. Proving his word, he says he is the quickening power. He is the holy spirit. The dynamic that comes into the mechanics of the word that makes it alive. And it all has to work together or it just won't work. It's got to take the whole Bible. Amen. The whole Christ, the full gospel. Amen. To bring it to pass. You got to believe every word that God has said. What does it do? It kicks your faith into action. Musicians come. This is a timeless word. Prophecies are timeless. If God is unchanging, if God is unchanging and you're an attribute of God, what does that make you? You say, "Well, brother James, in this human element, we change. Things change, things happen." But yet with God, everything he's unchanging. Amen. You say, "Well, what are you trying to say with God unchanging?" Let me tell you, you should come into a walk with Christ. That when people look at you, they see Christ. You ever met a Christian? No matter what he goes through, he's just stable. and you look at him and you say, "How do you do it?" How do you walk with God when God takes your wife? How do you walk with God when you go through this medical issue? How do you walk with God when and he's just steady? His walk with God is unchanging. It's not fathom. You can't put anything to it. [Music] I want to be that kind of man that I'm faithful, that I'm true, that in everything that I do, as I said, you can take the the Ten Commandments and you can really nail it down. We can pick our lives apart, but yet we see that God, he's unchanging. And I want my life to resemble a walk with God that no matter David would say, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. Why? Because the comforter is walking with him. The comforter is talking with him. I will send unto you another comforter and he shall abide with you forever. [Music] Oh man, he's made a covenant with each one of us. Thank you, Lord. He's made a covenant with each one of us. Oh, how we so easily break our covenant. How so easy we take things for granted. And I'm talking to myself that you could be so wishywashy and you wake up early to real early to do a devotion. Maybe you hit the snooze. If you really put some thought into it, let me ask you this. I wonder if God gets up and sits in the chair next to you and waits. And he sits there and he says, "Well, I guess he was too tired to get up this morning. That's all right. I'll try again [Music] tomorrow." Maybe it happens again. You know, God is waiting to have fellowship with you. His greatest desire is to have fellowship with his people. And we limit him so many times because of the cares of life and the things we go through. And we wake up late and we got to rush to school and we got to rush home and we got to go here and you know it's life. I understand it's change. Young people, if you think you're busy now, wait till you get married. You young couples, you think you're busy now. Wait till you have kids. [Music] Life doesn't stop for nobody. Change doesn't stop for nobody. But I just want to be faithful. I want to be consist consistent. I want to be steady in my walk with God. Yes. I want to be faithful in coming to church and serving God. I want to be faithful in the little things. [Music] I challenge you. You be faithful in the small things and watch God bless you. Watch God bless you. That's the truth. You might be going through the darkest thing right now, the hardest battle. I don't know what it is, but you be faithful. You do the little things. You stay true to God's word. You hold on to the promise. You hold on to your husband. You hold on to your kid. [Music] And watch God honor his word. Let's stand. [Music] But the comforter which is the Holy Ghost whom the father will send in his my name. He shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance. I say God fill us. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, with Lord, what a joy it is to serve you. What a joy it is to know you. Father, it's not just a you're not just a God of 2,000 years ago, but you're an everpresent God. You're there in our time of trouble. Lord, you're there in the good times and in the bad times. You're Lord, you're there when we're not. Lord, you're there when we don't see you. But you're working, Lord. Lord, you're unchanging. Lord, you're un you're so faithful to us. And we we when we look in the Bible and we see all the promises that you've given us and how you fulfilled your word down through scripture, Lord, we can see and we can identify ourselves in [Music] it. And we see prophecies coming to pass. The prophet would say five of the seven have already been fulfilled. And we see where we at in prophecy. [Music] And Lord, here on a Wednesday night, your people have come into your house. I know they're weary. They're tired. Hard days will work, Lord. And I'm asking Lord as we go our separate ways that you would just give them a durable portion Lord. That you would give them a blessing, Father, that you would answer their prayer. That you would come on the scene. That Lord, no matter what they're going through, they've made a sacrifice to come into your house to hear your word. And Lord, we're just asking that your word would not return void. That it would accomplish that what you would that you that you intended it to do. Oh God, I ask a special blessing upon our people. Father, may you go with them. May you bless their jobs. May you bless their homes. Bless the children. Oh God. Lord, we just want to know you more. We want to serve you better. We want to live for you more, Lord. We want our standard to be raised up that people can identify. They can recognize that there's something different with that people. Yes, they're so Christlike. Lord, I just ask that you would help us. Go with us, oh God. We commit our lives into your hands. We love you and we thank you for your goodness and your mercy to us, oh God. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Save a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. It was grace that hold my heart to fear and grace my fears. really how precious did that grace appear in the hour and I first me are your chains gone this year my chains are gone I've been set free My God, my savior, yours ransomed me. And like a cloud, his mercy [Music] brings unending love. Amazing grace the Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my shield and should be as long as life. My chains are gone. [Music] My God, my savior, yours ransomed me. And like a blood his mercy praise, unending love. Amazing praise. The earth shall sue is all like snow. The sun forbear till [Music] shine. But God who called me here below will be forever. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my save. Yours ransom me. Like a heart, his mercy reigns unending. Sing it once again. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my save. yours ransom me and like a flood his mercy praise unending love. [Music] Amazing grace. [Music] Sunrise to sunrise, I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. smile. Found in you a hope that will abide here in your presence. Forever satisfied. So take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. So take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be. There is a longing. [Music] There is a longing only you can fill, a raging tempest that only you can steal. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I'm known. drink from the river that flows before your throne. So take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deep once again. Take me deeper. So take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Amen. Trust that's your desire tonight. Be deeper in love with him. Brother Amos, if you would come and close our service in a word of prayer. Reminder, our service Sunday morning 10:00 and our Sunday school play at 6. And then just a reminder, the restrooms are closed over here. So use the ones on this side. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. I'm sure glad I was here tonight. Amen. If you don't mind, I just thought I'd share this with you guys. Uh, I read this this morning and was talking about the Navy Seals and how they're trained for uncertainty. And I always thought, you know what, change, brother James talked about it tonight. It's not easy, you know, and in b in business we call it leveling up. You know, you get challenged when you reach the next level. Amen. And things are harder. And we're in the seventh church age. Amen. We're in the seventh level. And we got everything coming at us and uncertainty all over. And I and I just read this this morning and it blessed me. And I thought, "Oh, God." It says on May 2nd, 2011, a SEAL team launched one of the most daring missions in modern history, an operation to kill or to capture or kill Osama bin Laden. They trained relentlessly. They built a replica of the compound. They rehearsed every move down to the second. The moment they got to the target, everything changed. One of the helicopters crashed. Timelines shifted. Every point, entry points failed. All the preparation didn't mean much unless they could adapt. That mission succeeded not because they had a perfect [Music] plan, but because they knew how to perform inside of chaos. Thank you, Lord. That's what masters of uncertainty is about. He says, "Peak performance is a myth. It depends on perfect conditions and life is rarely perfect." What matters more is optimal performance. Showing up with the best you have in that moment, no matter what that best looks like, we're here on Wednesday night. We're here on Sunday morning. Amen. We get up every morning. We try to be our best. And we commit it all to him. We say, "Lord, by your grace, that's right." So, I just want to encourage you tonight. I'm here giving my best. Give your best to him. That's right. Let's pray. Dear Lord, we just come to you this evening. And Lord, we just want to say, Lord, we're just so thankful, Father, that we have a place that we can come, we can fill our tanks up, Lord in the middle of the week when we're leveling up. Lord, you're you've called us up to a higher place. You've said, "Come up, my children." Lord, we just want to come up higher. And we realize the consequences and the responsibilities that comes with revelation. Yes. Because revelation is not something that's just freely given. It's something that only you can give, Lord, by through experience, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Lord, we love you. We thank you, Lord. That we can call you our father. And that we know and we have confidence that when we just give our best to you, Lord, that's all you want is you want it all. You just want us to give it all to you. And when we give you our best, you take care of the rest. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for that, Lord. I pray that you'd bless Brother James for pouring out his heart tonight. Lord, that really spoke to my heart. I pray that you'd be with us, Lord. Be with all of the of us right now that are feeling the the gravity and the stress and the pressure of this age, Lord. But Lord, it's all for a purpose because you've leveled us up to here. And you said when the enemy would come in like a flood that you'd raise up a standard. Hallelujah. And we have confidence in that, Lord. And we're trusting in that. And we love you, Lord. We love you in times of uncertainty, Lord. We can be certain of this one thing. That you were always there and you know what's best and we're trusting in that. We give it to you, Lord. May you be with us as we go on our way. Bring us back here on Sunday, Lord. be with us tomorrow morning as we wake up, Lord. May we be like brother James and be ready to meet you sitting right next to us, Lord. Amen. We love you. We ask you these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Amos. Amen. Trust you've been encouraged tonight. Amen. You are dismissed in Jesus name. Go in his name. Amen. [Music] I'm singing. [Music] done.
