################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - Our Allotment in the Promise Part 10 “Ephraim and Manasseh” Pastor Ben Pruitt 5/28/25 - Ben Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-29
Title:   Our Allotment in the Promise Part 10 “Ephraim and Manasseh” Pastor Ben Pruitt 5/28/25
Speaker: Ben Pruitt
Church:  Word of Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flLNGbOf0jc
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, this song. Oh, I'm part of the family. the family of God. Well, I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood and joiners with Jesus as we travel this song. Well, I'm I'm a part of the family. The family of God. Aren't you glad to be a part of the family of God tonight? Amen. I just came to glorify in the key of F. Well, I just came to [Music] glorify glorify your name. Oh, I just came to [Music] glorify [Music] glorify your name. Well, there's no other name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it. Wherever I go, I came to [Music] glorify glorify. If that's what you came to do tonight, can you get sing with all your hearts now? Well, I just came to glorify glorify. Oh yes, we did. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. Well, there's no other name I know. Well, I'll tell it. I'll tell it where I go. I came to glorify One more time with all your hearts. Now let me hear you sing it. Oh yes. I just came to glorify glorify your name. I just came to glorify glorify your holy name. Well, there's no other name I know. Well, I'll tell it. I'll tell it where I go. I came to glorify glorify your name and welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Won't you fill us with your power and live inside of me singing welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. [Music] and live inside of me. Oh, we lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one. Come into this temple. Oh, live inside of me. We're singing welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your [Music] presence and fill us with your power and live inside. I'll try that second verse now. Oh yes, you're the living water. Oh our never drying [Music] fountain. Oh comforter and counelor. Won't you take complete control? We're singing welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] Oh, we are in your presence and fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh yes, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh yes, we are in your presence. [Music] and fill us with power and live inside of me. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? I wonder if you could just as the ushers would come, can you play that song, Winds of Faith in the key of C? Amen. We've got several requests tonight and I just want to go through all these and read them. But first off, I want to make an announcement. Um, Brother Riley and Sister Bella's wedding will be live streamed tomorrow on Sister Robin Robin Rapert's uh Facebook Live at 5:30 our time. So, I believe that's 5:30 central. Um, if if that changes, I'll try to let you know on the WhatsApp or on Facebook, but that will be live tomorrow. If you want to watch that wedding, you can do that. And u also by way of request we have uh just so many tonight uh brother Danny's sister uh is not doing well and uh the family's been called in for her. So just remember them in prayer and we still believe that the Lord could change that situation, don't we? Amen. Also, sister Jessica uh had to go to the ER today with uh I don't know how to pronounce this, but o ocular ocular migraine and uh they asked her to follow up with the neurologist. remember her in prayer that the Lord will take care of that need. Also, I believe on the WhatsApp we had brother Stewart's grandmother Lois may have had a stroke. I haven't heard the update on that, but just continue to remember them in prayer and also brother Danny while he's dealing with this with his sister also his oldest son's mother-in-law passed away uh today. So, remember them in prayer. and also uh Braden Osborne. He is 17 years old, has bone cancer and in a lot of pain. Had surgery Friday and again this morning. And also pray for Elma Hamilton. Had surgery and is 92 very special lady. That's from Sister Jane. And so just remember them in prayer. And believe that's all of them I had tonight. So I know we're needy people, but we serve a great big God, don't we? Amen. And good to see brother Caleb and sister Sophie back with us after their vacation. And also, Brother Stewart, sister Allison, having them back with us. Brother Stewart, come and take these needs to the Lord, [Music] buddy. And if you have a need on your heart, would you just put your hand up to the Lord tonight? And my grandmother is doing a lot better. So, thank you for your prayers. Let's just talk to him now. Lord, we just come before your holy presence here this evening. Lord, we just came to magnify your name. Lord, you're the center of the revelation of the things that we believe. Lord, you're Lord, may you just be the center of our worship here tonight. Lord, may you be the main one among us. Lord, we just we love you so much. May you may you just be so welcome here in the name of Jesus Christ. We just invite you. We come together, Lord. We just bring these petitions, these needs, different ones, but brother Danny's family. Just pray that you would just comfort them, Lord. Just be with them, Lord. May your grace just be their sufficiency. Lord, Lord, our sister Jessica, we're dealing with this migraine. Lord, I've dealt with headaches myself. I just pray that you would touch our sister just now. Lord, just move upon this scene for her. This one with bone cancer. Lord, you're that's nothing for you, Lord. And we just lift that up before your throne tonight, knowing that you're able, that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, we just love you so much. Just the different needs that were mentioned, Lord. You know them all. You know the hearts of your people here tonight. Lord, may the word come forth, Lord, now and discern our thoughts and our hearts, Lord, our lives. And Lord, may we just, Lord, let you have the preeminence here. We love you. Just ask that you bless your people. Bless the ministers that would come anointing, aresh, Lord, to speak your word. We love you now. Bless everything that's said and done in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Wings to the wind of faith. You will fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the wind. Sing that first verse. There are two roads that you may take, one by sight and one by faith. Just take the word of God. Or what you see, what you believe is what will. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings to the winds of faith. For watch your need and watch your cry, watch your mountain much too high. Just speak the word of God and by and by oh it will move or you will fly. So set your wings to the winds. I wonder if we can do that here tonight. Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings to the wind. I like this last verse. Oh, watch the eagle up in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him. Oh, it's already in the skies. Do you believe that tonight? Oh, set your wings to the wind of faith. Oh, you can fly. Yes, you can. In a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace set your wings to the winds of faith. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. Thank God I'm free. And G for a long time I [Music] travel down a long lonely road. Oh, my heart was so heavy and said I sang. And then I've heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Aren't you glad about it tonight? Oh, thank God. I am free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. saved by his wonderful grace. And I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Oh, like a bird out of [Music] prison that has taken it fly. Oh, like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Oh, like a poor wretched beggar that's found forun. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Oh, sing it like you mean it here tonight with all your hearts. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad I found [Music] out one more time on the course. Let me hear you sing it now. Oh, thank God I am [Music] free. I've been here. Is that your testimony tonight? I've been born again. Oh. Hallelujah. I'm saved. By his wonderful grace. Well, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his Lord another hand clap of praise tonight if you're free. I want to add this, brother Peter. Amen. He's God. Do that one in Bflat. Amen. I just I love this song and you just help me sing it here tonight. Amen. The reason we're here tonight is because he's God. Don't you believe that? Amen. So, we just want to worship him with all of our hearts. And let's just open this. Let's just make this a worship song to him tonight before we change the order of the service. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. [Music] Oh, I [Music] worship him for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. And because just because he gone. Oh, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. [Music] So I'll praise [Music] him. Oh, I'll praise him. Oh, for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set be free and oh just because he sing that second one again now. Oh, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I [Music] worship him when I come into his presence. I humble [Music] myself, all the victora. Can we do that here tonight? Praise him for all he's done for me. He has redeemed and he set me free. And because Just [Music] because singing the chorus again with all your hearts now. Oh, for all he's done for me. Has he redeemed you tonight? He redeemed and set me free. And because Oh, just because he's gone. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. All the victories he's won. Amen. We're redeemed. We have a right to praise him here tonight, don't we? Amen. Are you ready for the word of the Lord? Can we stand together? Let's sing Mercy Rewrote my life in the key of G. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the mercy of God in our lives? and we just want to pull on the word of God tonight. Amen. If you have a need on your heart, right now is the time. You say, "Well, wait till the end of the service or the beginning of the service, but right when the word is going forth, it's the time to just believe that whatever you have need of is going to be taken care of before you leave this building tonight." Because I believe in the power of the word and the effect it has on the people. So, if we could just pull on the gift tonight, I believe that we can leave this place a happy people. Amen. And I believe we can leave with every one of our burdens taken to the Lord. Let's just do that tonight with all of our hearts. Now, let's sing this as our pastor comes. Oh, [Music] mercy my life. If you believe it, would you slip a hand up to him? Oh, [Music] mercy. Oh, yes it did. [Music] When I should have fallen, my soul cast down but mercy reo. One more time with all your hearts now. Oh, I'm glad his mercy re my life. [Music] Oh, his mercy [Music] re. Oh yes, I should have fallen my soul cast down. But I'm glad that [Music] mercy it re my life. Can we sing it one more time with all of our heart now? I'm so glad that mercy rolled my life. Oh, where would I be without his mercy? I'm glad that mercy rolled my life. [Music] Oh yes, I should have fallen my soul cast down but mercy. We bow our heads together for a moment of prayer. If you've got a special need you'd like to make known to the Lord, but we've uplifted hand. God sees every heart. He knows every need. Heavenly Father, I think of those that are gathered around the bed of a loved one tonight. And Lord, that may be perhaps grieving in their hearts. I pray you'd comfort them, Lord. I pray you'd strengthen them for the hour that they're going through. I pray you'd heal the sick, Lord. And and these needs that were represented by way of uplifted hand. I I don't know what they are, but you know, Lord, and I pray, God, that you'd meet those needs. That there would not be one leave here to tonight that wouldn't feel like that you had done that for them, Lord. Not just feel it, but to know it, Lord, because it's according to your word, Lord. You promise to meet our needs and we're believing that tonight. I pray that you'd move move me out of the way. Speak to your people tonight, Lord. I I pray for revelation tonight because we know that's the greatest thing that you could give us, Lord, is a revelation of where we are and who we are. But you grant it, Lord, we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. Amen. I'm going to go uh we're going to go to actually did something I've never done before. I didn't put my opening scripture on the on my notes. So, we're going to go to Genesis chapter 30 and verse 22. It's down there, brother Peter. You'll have a challenge tonight that it's there. It's just not at the beginning. I got some things on my heart tonight. I just want to preach to you. And I I was trying diff very uh it's very difficult for me to pare it down to where we could do this on a Wednesday night because there's just a lot here. We're going to continue our series on the 12 sons of Jacob. I don't know if you've been keeping track, but we've got Manasseh and uh and Ephraim who were Joseph's sons. So that's tonight. And then we'll deal with uh we'll deal with Benjamin and then we'll be done with that. And that'll be just kind of a segue into the next part of what we want to do. So, Genesis 30:22, "And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her and opened her womb, and she conceived and bare a son, and said, God hath taken away my reproach." And she called his name Joseph, and said, "The Lord shall add to me another son." Pray the Lord would add his blessing to the word. You may be seated this evening. You know, we're not put here on the earth just to survive, but each one of us has a unique place in the kingdom of God. We've got a part to play. It would be like if you got hired onto a factory. And I don't know how many of you have worked in factories, but when they hire you to a factory, no one releases a new hire onto the floor without a specific job to do or something to learn. Because if all you did was hire people and and send them out, Stewart, if all you did was hire people and send them out to tractors, you'd have a problem because they don't know what they're doing. Unless them tractors drive themselves these days, they may do that, but but they they just don't know what they're doing. They need training and they need placing. They need to be put in a specific area and and and and something something that they can do. And so when God uh when we're birthed into the kingdom of God by the Holy Ghost, we are not uh we're not put there just to wander around and and just just be children of God, but we're called to a purpose and to a place. And that's what we've been talking about when we talk about our allotment. We're talking about our place, not just in heaven because we want to have a place in heaven, don't we? Every one of us want to have a place there. I believe we already have a theophony body, a word body over there waiting for us. But that's not what we're uh concerned about so much here. We're concerned about what our place is here. What are we supposed to be doing while we're down here? Because there is something for every one of us to do. And brother Brandham had a a problem with the Pentecostals. Even the ones who were doing what they were supposed to do didn't want to be doing that. So they were always looking over at somebody else and and we don't preach enough I don't think on envy and and and on things like that because uh and emulations as as Paul talks about in Galatians because so many times we look at somebody else and say I want their life. I I want to be more like them. I wish we were more like them and wish we had uh you know the the American dream that they have. But that may not be our place. God may have called us to something completely different from that and God wants to place you. But the Brandon said God wants to place the church. He said, "But every one of them wants to do the same thing." That's that first quote of the Peter uh back there. Brother Peter's filling in tonight on on several different things. And he said, "God wants to place the church, but every one of them wants to do the same thing." I say, "God, ma, make make me do what you want me to do. I want to be put in the place you want me in." See, I can put somebody in a place. The church could put somebody in a place, but that's not the same as God putting you in a place. So, God wants to place the church. In 1 Corinthians 12:29, Paul says, "Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles?" I'd say it'd be a good thing to be a worker of miracles, but not everybody's geared that way. It'd be a good thing to be an apostle, but not everybody's geared. Not everybody's gifted to be an apostle or a prophet. And not everybody's gifted to be a teacher. We can say amen to that. Not everybody is. But that doesn't discount what they are gifted to do, right? They're gifted to do something. It's just not all the same. And it'd be pretty boring if we were all the same. If every preacher that was behind this pulpit was just like me, it'd be really boring. You'd get really tired of me and you'd get really tired of them. But God called a diversity of ministry. He said, "Have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret?" So, in other words, he's asking the question, knowing the answer, it's rhetorical question. No, they they don't all speak with tongues. We don't all have gifts of healing. We don't all interpret. He said, "But covet earnestly the best gifts." And Paul teaches us us that prophecy was the best gift because it could be understood, right? and could help the soul. And you could extrapolate from that and say that the best thing we could do is preach the gospel and witness the gospel to to those that haven't heard it. And yet he said, "I show unto you a more excellent way." The more excellent way was love. And so each one of us, we come to our gifts. Brother Brandon said, "If you come to your gift or your place without love," he said, then it still won't work. So it'll just be a mess. So love is the more excellent way. So we've got to come to our place. If you know this is your land, see, you're going to face storms. You're you're going to have battles. As brother Joel said Sunday morning, you're going to have to fight for your possession. And if you know that you're where you're supposed to be, then you it's easier to fight. But if you're not sure that that hill's worth dying on, it's much much more difficult to fight. It's why the defending army always if they're on their home turf, they always have an advantage because they they're fighting for something. that land belongs to them. It's why the in the Civil War, the North had a great advantage in men and in material and in money, but they just couldn't seem to whoop the Confederates. And it took them a very long time to do it because the Confederacy was fighting on their own land. And when the Confederates left their land and went into the north, they lost at Gettysburg. So, they were fighting for for their own land. We're fighting tonight for our own land. We're fighting for what God's put us here for. And if we understand what that is, if you understand that, yeah, God called me to be a preacher or God called me to be a deacon or God called me to be here be a factory worker. God called me to raise a family. God called me to mother my children. Whatever it is that he called you to do, if you know that God called you to do that, you can stand in that position. When Satan comes against you, you can say, "Devil, you're I know what you're doing. You're not against me. You're trying to move me off my position. So, this is exactly where I'm going to stay. I'm not going to move just because I'm not going to move away from my position just because it gets hard, but I'm going to fight the fight right where I'm at. And every one of us is going to have to do that because we're going to be challenged in our position. So, and it's not just for church officers. It's for each one of us. Not not placing us so much in offices or even in gifts, but placing us in Christ. Until we know I belong in the word of this day. I belong in the message of the hour. I belong in Christ. I know who I am and whose I am. I know where I belong. I know I know what time it is. I know what time we're living in. And so I'm not going to be dissuaded. I'm not going to be turned aside. I'm not going to be pushed away from my position in my land. So, Brother Brand, and I'm just kind of backgrounding where we're going tonight, and I hope I have time. I'm I'm not using a lot of quotes tonight because I'm trying to move through it more quickly. We use several scriptures. Brother Brandham talks a lot about adoption before the opening of the seals. If you've studied the message, you'll find he talks a lot about adoption, but he does talk about adoption after that, but very rarely. And and a question come to my mind, why is that? And it occurred to me the other day that you know this message is our adoption. So Paul talks where brother Brown takes adoption is from Galatians chapter 4. And Paul talks about how the law was a tutor and a governor until Christ came. Right? He said a son doesn't differ from a servant until the time appointed of the father. And when Christ came it was a time of adoption. So so all that was just a tutor. All the law was was just a a school master. Paul says to bring us to Christ. And we've come through a time like that as well. We come through denominational ages that was a tutor and a school master to bring us to the land of adoption. And so we're now living in that land. Brother Brandham says in the adoption series, he said that the Holy Ghost is the land is the Holy Ghost. He said when you're born into the kingdom of God, you're born into the land, right? But you're not a full-g grown adult yet. You're born into the land, but you've not yet been placed in the land. What does that? It's the Holy Spirit by the opening of the word that puts you in your position. It's the message of the hour. Not just the letter of it, but the spirit of it. The It's the Holy Ghost working in the message of the hour to put you exactly where you need to be where you know I am a word bride and let let sickness come. Let disease come. Let let troubles come in the church. Let strife come in my family. But I know who I am. I know where I belong. I'm not going to be knocked away by that. but I belong to God. And so we have to come to our adoption because the devil's fighting like never before. So this message is our adoption. It's not a fourth work of grace or some kind of a a a super thing. Well, you got the Holy Ghost, but now you got to go back to the altar and get adopted. That's not what it is. This message is our adoption. This message is the Joshua ministry that makes us recognize who we are as the bride. So the fullness of Christ the word brought us away from the school master in into the adoption of sons that happened in our day. And we know that the message was not William Brandham. It was not brother Brandham. The message was Christ, right? It was brought by brother Brandham but it was the me the message was Christ. We do not find our position in the Brandom family. We don't find our position in the Puit family. You go a step further. We don't find our position in Word of Life tabernacle. We find our position in Christ. And then we'll find our position in the in the church, but after we find our position in Christ. So our position is not subject to the whims of I'm so grateful for that today. See, you're not your position in Christ doesn't depend on whether I make it or not. Right? And so many people say, well, you know, if you you can't live any higher than your pastor. So you know what? You if your pastor fails, you're going to fail. That's not true. Because I've had many teachers and pastors, men who helped me, but they didn't maybe go all the way into the promises of God. But I'm going to go all the way. I in my heart, I want to go all the way. And if I fail to go all the way, if I fail to make a rapture, I trust that won't hinder you from making one. Brother Brandham said, if I don't have faith to go there myself, he said, I won't hinder somebody else from going there. So, so our position is not in Word of Life tabernacle. You're not sitting here waiting for me to tell you whether or not you're a Christian. That's not why you're here. You know you are a Christian. You've been born into the kingdom of God. And so what you're waiting on is food that you can eat. Amen. So that you can grow into the full measure of the grace of God. So don't it's not dependent on my whims. Because, you know, I think that's maybe why we don't see spoken word as far as the the speaking of it like we would want to because some of us would be speaking people out of existence all the time. You know, we'd just we'd just be we'd just be carnal with it. And God didn't allow us to do that. He said if we were inspired, we could speak. Brother Brandham didn't even go around using it. He used it five times. I believe in in in his ministry that God showed him that that was possible. But I believe we're a bride who has that within us. Now, we're not again, it's our position in Christ. Now, as we have that in our minds now as we come to Joseph and and his two sons. Now, God remembered Rachel in Genesis 30:22. And God hearkened to her and opened her womb and she conceived and bear a son and said, "God had taken away reproach and she called his name Joseph and said, "The Lord shall add to me another son." Joseph means addition or increase. And we've went into the life of Joseph recently, so we won't go back into the life of Joseph. Joseph a as a tribe, they he would not inherit as an individual, but his two sons would inherit. And the reason for that is because there would be 12 tribes plus Levi, right? So Levi was held out as belonging to God. They would not get a portion on the land. So there would be 12 aotments plus Levi. for there had to be an extra child which was the two two sons of one replaced Levi and one uh one being the 12th who were 12 tribes. Now uh and and one replacing Joseph himself or or substituting for Joseph himself. So Genesis 41:50 it says unto Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came which Asenthus the daughter of Potifer priest of barren to him and Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh. For God said, "Heath made me forget all my toil and all my father's house." Manasse means caused to forget. Caused to forget. In Genesis 41:52, it says, "The name of the second called he Ephraim." Ephraim. For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction. The name Ephraim means double fruit. Double fruit. And so Manasseh and Ephraim were born to him there in Egypt. And so it came to pass in Genesis 48:1 after these things that one told Joseph, "Behold, thy father is sick." And he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. So Joseph understands that his two sons need to inherit, need to get a blessing from his father. And one told Jacob, and said, "Behold, thy son, Joseph, cometh unto thee." And Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed. And Jacob said to Joseph, God Almighty appeared unto me at loves in the land of Canaan, and blessed me, and said unto me, Behold, I'll make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I'll make of thee a multitude of people, will give this land of thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession. And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt, before I came unto thee in Egypt, are mine. So he's adopting them. He's taking them in. He said, "As Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine, and thy issue which thou begetest after them shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren, and their inheritance." Are you Am I losing you yet? I hope you can stay with me as we read these scriptures. So, they were basically adopted as sons by Jacob, giving Joseph a double portion in the allotment. Now, why would Joseph get a double portion? Remember, the birthright was Joseph's. We read this before, but 1 Chronicles 5:2, Judah prevailed above his brethren. Of him came the chief ruler, but the birthright was Joseph's. The birthright went to the second youngest son because a patriarch had the right to change the birthight from the oldest to the younger. So he changes it. Remember, Reuben lost his birthight because of what he did. And so the birthright went to Joseph. So the right of birth, the birthright gave him a double portion as it as it would in the in the lineage, that portion fell to Ephraim and Manasseh. So the portion of Ephraim and Manasseh was actually very large. If you look at a map of the 12 tribes, and maybe you can go find one and reference to it on the internets and you can find lots of maps, but you'll find that Ephraim and Manasseh were took up maybe I I think Ephraim itself probably had more territory than all the rest of the tribes combined. And Manasseh then was a very large tribe as well and actually was in two parts. One part which stayed on the other side of Jordan as we've already talked about and then one part which went on in the land. And so they they were very favored in among the people of Israel, among the children of Israel. And yet they failed in many ways to achieve their potential in the land. So what we're talking about tonight, if we can wrap our minds around this and put it in a way that we can understand, we're talking about people who were blessed blessed had every advantage and and and their blessing actually turned against them because it turns into pride. Yeah. So it's a blessing that turns into pride, right? That's the story of Ephraim and Manasseh. So in Joshua chapter 16, Joshua uh gives the the children of Manasseh and Ephraim, the children of Joseph, he gives them their territory. And he describes how how large it is in verses one, two, and three. And in verse four, he says, "So the children of Joseph, Manasseh and Ephraim took their inheritance." And then in in these two tribes, we find that though each was very large, Manasseh was the weaker. and Ephraim was the stronger. Manasseh was the weaker and Ephraim was the stronger. Now, uh Manasseh was the firstborn, remember? And Ephraim was the second born, but Manasseh was weaker than Ephraim. It's because Jacob's arms were crossed. You all know the story. We're going to read the scripture in just a moment, but Jacob's arms were crossed. So when Joseph brings the boys to him to bless to bless them, he goes like this on purpose and well, you'd hate to be some of it's just brutal what some of these kids have to go through and the mind battles they must the complexes they must have had because he went all the way up there, orchestrated everything. I'm the firstborn and everything. And then he goes like this, right? And Genesis 48:12, it says, "Joseph brought them out from between his knees and he bowed himself with his face to the earth. Joseph took them both Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel's left hand. So Joseph or the B said Joseph was a prophet. He said and that prophet took them and tried to place them in where they would be by birth order. But Jacob was also a prophet and Jacob took what Jacob did is Jacob crossed his arm. So it says he took Manass in his left hand toward Israel's right hand and brought them near unto him. And Israel stretched out his right hand and laid it upon Ephraim's head who was the younger. and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands willingly, for Manasseh was the firstborn. And he blessed Joseph and said, "God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my lifelong until this day. The angel which redeemed me from all evil, blessed the lands, and let my name be named upon them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac, let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth." And when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim, it displeased him. I love this. He didn't have the revelation that Jacob did. So he actually tried to move his hands back to uncross the hands. But the re there was a reason for the cross, right? So he tries to uncross his hands. He held up his father's hand to remove it from Ephraim's head to Manass's head. And Joseph said to his father, "Not so, my father. this is the firstborn. He thought the old man was getting scenile and he just forgot. But he did it on purpose. He said, "Not so, my father, for this is the firstborn. Put thy right hand upon his head." And his father refused and said, "I know it, my son. I know it. He also shall become a people. He also shall be great. But truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations." And he blessed him that day, saying, "In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh." and he set Ephraim before Manasseh. So you'll find in the scripture that Ephraim is often most of the time placed first when the when the two tribes are spoken about Ephraim would become the stronger tribe. God crossed Jacob's arms. Brother Brandham picks up on that. If you've listened to the seals, Brother Brandham picks up on that. I don't have the whole quote. You can go back and read it. But in the first seal, he also talks about it in the church age book. He said, "Why? Why did God cross Jacob's arms? Israel, he said, having the rights to be a bride, rejected and sold their birthright and went from the old son, Israel to the new Gentile. So the cross was from Jew to Gentile, right? Ephraim would represent the Gentiles. And the blessings went from there through the cross. Amen. To the Gentile. I I just love the message of the hour. It means I know you all knew knew that. And and mean I've heard that since I was a kid, but it still blesses me that God foreshadowed what would happen all those thousands of years ago. And here he said the blessings went through the cross to the Gentile. Listen, if God could could forecast what would happen when he changed from the Jew to the Gentile all those years before, don't you think he can take care of you? Don't you think he can take care of your problems and the things you're going through right now? He knew before you ever went through them. He knew what you would be going through. So God crossed his arms because the blessings went through the cross to the Gentile. And in Galatians 3:13, Paul says, "Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us. For it is written, cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree." He said that the blessing of Abraham, listen, the blessing of Abraham, you realize what how we've been blessed as Gentiles. That the blessing of Abraham, that that was one nation that was given a blessing, one man. He said, "Thy seed will be a blessing. Wherever they go, it'll be blessed." He said, "Everybody that loves them, I'll love. Everybody that hates them, I'll hate." And God took that blessing on Abraham and crossed his arms and said, "I'm going to place the Abrahamic blessing on the royal seed of Abraham." and how by faith you can believe that you've been blessed too. So when the sons of Jacob were blessed, the Gentiles were blessed as well. The blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith. Remember that Joseph was the son of prosperity. I'm not preaching a prosperity gospel, but I do want to kind of hit this home for a minute. I don't think we should worry about God taking care of us. He's going to take care of us, right? We ought to work, right? Do our best for our families, but I don't think we have to move out of the will of God. And and and that's a revelation to you. That's not I can't tell you what the will of God is. But I don't think we have to move out of the will of God and say, "Well, I've got to do this for my life in order to in order to make a living." No, you're a son of prosperity. The arm, the blessing was crossed to you. And all the blessings that were on Abraham were put on you. He said, "I've never seen the seed of God. I've never seen them forsaken. Never seen them begging bread." And and those blessings of the Old Testament were put on you. Amen. So, I don't think we have to go outside the will of God to make a living. I don't think we have to go outside the will of God to have healing. Come on, church. We don't have to change what Brother Brandham said to have healing in our midst. We don't have to change what a prophet taught us. We don't have to go through, well, let's go back to the Pentecostals. Let's do something weird or different. No, we just stay right here in the land because the blessings were given to us through the cross. Amen. Joseph was a son of prosperity. Genesis 49:22, Jacob uh again speaking of Joseph, he said, "Joseph is a fruitful bow, even a fruitful bow by a well whose branches run over the wall. The archers have sorely grieved him and shot at him and hated him. But his bow abodeed strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob." And this listen church, we read this as Joseph, but this is speaking of Israel. Yes, natural, but in the spiritual type, it's speaking of us, right? By the crossing of the hands. And so he said, "From this is the shepherd, the stone of Israel." He said, "Even by the God of thy father who shall help thee, by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lith under, blessings of the breast and of the womb. The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills. They shall be on the head of Joseph on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. Now in the natural sense that was fulfilled. Did you know that when God blessed Joseph through Manasseh and Ephraim through his natural children, there would be a blessing that would actually last into our age. Do you know that? A natural blessing that would last into our age. And you see it in their land. They're blessed there. But they were even blessed here in the US, right? It's no accident that the Jews accumulated wealth. in the United States. Brother Brandham explains that scripture. He said he told Joseph, "Thou art a fruitful vine by the by the wall." See, by the well, the water. He said he went over said you. So they went over the water. Over the wall, you trust in the Lord God. You made your bow strong. He said, "United States." The guy had a good defender, good protector. Made your bow strong. the United States in the Lord. But someday that vine was coming back over the wall, right? And so, Brother Ram uses that as as a prophecy of Israel going back to their homeland. He said they come to the United States and they prospered, but someday that vine's going back over the wall. We've seen that and they're prospering. I was just reading today. every day. You can go read about what Israel's doing every day and you find that God just blesses them and they figured out how to shoot missiles out of the sky with lasers where they're not even going to have to spend as much money to shoot the missiles out of the sky because one of the problems they've got every time they down a missile it cost them $100,000. But now they've actually got lasers that'll shoot it out of the sky. It's a material blessing. But don't you realize as blessed as they've been, they found oil under them. They they're one of the richest countries in the world and just a little bitty country out in the desert and they they've done irrigation. The desert's blossomed as a rose and everything else. But can you imagine if that's happened to them in the natural what God wants to do for us spiritually, what he has done for us spiritually as the sons of Abraham. He's given us the message of the hour. He's given us unsearchable riches in the Holy Ghost. He's given us our healing, our the blessings of our families. Those are ours. We might as well take those and say boo to the devil tonight and get run him off of our property. It belongs to us. Yeah, he's going to fight. He's still fighting the Israelites. They're still fighting over there, but they prospered anyhow. Hallelujah. He said, there she is right there. Now Deuteronomy 33:13 says of Joseph he said blessed of the Lord be his land for the precious things of heaven for the dew and for the deep that coucheth beneath for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun for the precious things put forth by the moon for the chief things of the ancient mountains for the precious things of the lasting hills for the precious things of the earth and fullness thereof for the goodwill of him that dwelleth in the bush. Amen. That pillar of fire. Let the blessing come upon the head of Joseph and upon the top of the head of him that was separated from his brethren. His glory is like the first of his bulock. His horns are like the horns of unicorns. With them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth. He said they are the 10 thousands of Ephraim. They are the thousands of Manasseh that would come true literally. They'd become their tribes would become huge. It speaks of a blessing to them in the natural and a blessing in the spiritual to the Gentiles because Ephesians 1:3 said, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us." See, he told he told Joseph, "This is your blessing and this is your blessing." But what does he tell us? Who has blessed us with? Someone say, say it. All All spiritual blessings. So he didn't just say you have some of it, but you got all of it. all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. But that vine is coming back over the wall. We know in the natural that the the gospel is going back to the Jews. Paul says, "I would not, brethren, that you should be ignorant of this mystery lest you should be wise in your own conceits." Now, Paul puts his finger on something. He said, "You don't want to become arrogant. You don't want to become prideful. You've been blessed." Oh. This is where my heart is tonight. And you'll see why in in a few minutes, but you you've been blessed. Make sure you don't get prideful with it and think you can do just anything you want to do. And and go read Romans chapter 11. He said, "If the first if you were grafted in, the first vine can be grafted back in." Right? He said, "Don't don't be wise in your own conceits that blindness in part is happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles become in Now, brother Brandon makes the point in the church age book that all seven of the churches written to in Revelation were gentile churches. There were church, Jewish churches, Jewish Christian churches then, but he did not write to any of them. He didn't write to Jerusalem. Didn't write to any of the Jews. He wrote only to Gentiles because the church ages would be predominantly Gentile, right? It would be it would be Gentiles and a few Jews who believed but it would be predominantly to the Gentiles. So, brother Brandon said the reason that it was not written to the church in Jerusalem is that God had turned from the Jews to the Gentiles. He said thus the whole of the church ages is God dealing with the Gentiles and calling out a gentile bride to himself. He said that makes the church ages and the fullness of the Gentiles want and the same thing. So Paul is saying until the church ages are done. So we must be getting awful close because we've seen the messenger to the seventh church age, right? It's already come and gone. So we must be getting awful close to the time the fullness of the Gentiles has come in and we go home and it turns back to the Jews. So So it must be about time. Now again, we Gentiles have a right to the redemptive blessings of God through what? Through the cross. That's where our blessings come from. That'll never change. Right? Some I know people tell you, "Well, if you preach the cross, that's too simple. That's too, you know, we need to preach something else. I Yes, we preach the whole mystery of God. I love to get into the deep things, but the cross will always be there. That's where your blessings come from, right? It comes from his sacrifice on the cross. And let me go a little bit further than that. Listen, you got to take up your cross, right? We can't die for our sins, but if you want to be blessed in your life, your blessings come through self-surrender and sacrifice. Just like the woman we talked about last week that picked up the two sticks, Rand said she took the path of self-surrender and it actually caused the Oh my when she did that and listened to the voice of Elijah, the cruise of oil never failed. And the meal never gave out. Amen. Because she took the path of self-sacrifice. Now again, we've been grafted into the tree of blessing as Gentiles through the cross. What did the cross do? It paid the price for our redemption. The cross did not make us sons or daughters. It paid the price for our redemption as sons. We were always sons in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. You know, some of y'all, I know you're looking at me said, "Brother Ben, I already knew that. Why don't you move on to something I didn't know?" Well, maybe some of our young people didn't know that. So, just just say amen for them. So, the cross, what did the cross do? It didn't make you a son, Jason. What did the cross do? The cross actually paid your way back into sunship. Amen. It bought you out of a pawn shop. Right? So, you were in a pawn shop. You were in the devil's pawn shop. Brother said, "It's like a watch in a pawn shop. Once you put it in the pawn shop, then there's a price that must be paid to get it out. It still belonged to God, but he had to pay the price because we were pawned by the devil into the devil's pawn shop. So we had to pay the price so that we would get so that we could come out of the pawn shop and be put back into use that he had us to be used for to be put back into sunship. Listen, but the B said the devil put us in the pawn shop back there from Adam's sin. But Jesus came down, paid the pawn bill. Hallelujah. Some of y'all don't know what I'm talking about because you ain't ever pawned anything. I have. Not recently, but I have. I've had to pawn stuff to get groceries. You say, "Brother Ben, you should never admit that from the pulpit." Hey, I've been through that. I know what it's like. Gives me a little bit of empathy for some of our young families that struggle. I know what that's like. I know what it's like to not have enough money to to buy groceries. I know what it's like to leave groceries because your credit card fails. You know, payment doesn't work. And I know what that's like. Again, not recently, but I know what it's like. But but again, what what is it? Jesus paid that. I had a debt I couldn't pay. I could never. When I tried to obtain the blessings of God, when I went to the blessing tree, there was nothing there for me because I had not come. But when the cross came, when he died on the cross for my sins, and I by faith, I realized that I recognized that what happened, it brought me back. It grafted me back in to the tree of blessings, spiritual blessings, so that I could enter the land of the Holy Ghost where all the promises lay. So now the pawn bill, he said he paid the pawn bill, wrote it on the word. Hallelujah. So he paid the pawn bill and he wrote it right here. What does it say? Redeemed, bought, paid for. The price has been paid. He wrote the pawn receipt. This is the receipt of your salvation. This is the receipt of the atonement, which includes your healing as well. This is not a promise. It's a receipt. Come on, church. It's a promise of heaven, but it's a receipt when it comes to the cross. It's not a promise that one day your sins will be forgiven. It's a receipt that they've already been forgiven. If you can recognize it. Now, Brother Brandham uses his own health issues as an example because he was a prophet that was a man, right? Had health issues. He talked about how uh he was redeemed from the pawn shop. He said, "Male brothers told me you can't get well." And I said, "I got a right to." He said, 'Well, you inherited from your father.' I said, 'But my heavenly father redeemed me.' There's a strong one right there. He said, "Well, I'm the way I am because of my father. I inherited cancer from my father. I inherited I inherited whatever it is. Bad breath from my father." No matter what it is, it I got that from my father. But listen, if you got it from your father, what'd you get from your heavenly father? If your natural father could pass things on to you, how much more could your heavenly father pass things on to you? He said, "You inherited it from your father, but my heavenly father redeemed me." Amen. He said, "I'm out of the pawn shop now." He said, "So just move over, Satan." He said, "Satan kept coming back." And I don't have time. I I had to cut out the rest of that quote and I hated it. But he said, "Satan kept coming back." He said, "Pretty soon, I heard old Sufoot slipping down the alley." He said, "I heard the sound of him slipping down the alley. Why was it?" He said, "Because I kept standing on on the fact I'd been redeemed. He put me in a pawn shop, but I could not stay there. Healing was mine." Hallelujah. Sometimes blessing itself can become a curse to us, though. Do you know that we are so blessed? But if we don't thank God for it, You realize why praise is so important in the house of God. I know people don't believe in it. Some people don't believe in it, but I trust that we all do. Praise is important. I not everybody runs the aisles and jumps and we don't even, you know, if everybody was the same again, it wouldn't be very interesting, right? But but praise is important. Worship is important because and you're going to see in a minute, the lack of worship caused the lack of of returning thanks of being thankful and and the fact that they were arrogant and just took it for granted caused Ephraim to fall. See, Ephraim was blessed. We know we read the scripture, they were blessed, but they were headstrong and arrogant. And I'm and I'm you can go back and study Ephraim in the scripture and find this. The historical record even shows that there was a wealthy, prosperous, blessed northern kingdom of Israel once the kingdoms were divided and a poor backwards people in the southern kingdom of Judah. So the but that's where the spiritual blessings were. Jerusalem was in the southern kingdom. The temple was in the southern kingdom. But the northern kingdom which split off with Jeroboam away from Solomon was actually from Solomon's son Riaboam. It was actually those 10 tribes who who broke off were much more prosperous even after they left than the southern tribes were. And I want to preach this. We talked about the blessings and we we have been blessed with the message of the hour, but we don't want to get arrogant or prideful. Now look first kings chapter 14 and verse 16. Now whenever you see Israel, Israel was the 10 tribes once the once the kingdoms were divided. Israel's the 10 northern tribes. Judah was the uh was the two southern tribes. The 10 northern tribes were were basically swallowed up by Ephraim. So in the scripture when it talks about Ephraim, many times it's talking about Israel, the kingdom of Israel was called Ephraim because they kind of swallowed up the whole northern kingdom. Look at First Kings 14:16. He shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam who did sin and made Israel to sin. Now look, the exact phrase made Israel to sin is repeated eight more times in the scripture. Anytime you see a king going bad, it says something like this that that he made Israel. That exact phrase, he made Israel to sin. He followed the sins of Jeroboam who made Israel to sin. Right? You've read that in the Kings and Chronicles. He made Israel to sin. Second Kings 17:21, for he rent Israel from the house of David, and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat king. Jeroboam drave Israel from following the Lord. Made them sin. A great sin. How did he do that? By making them serve idols. You remember remember that Ephraim is one of the two tribes that's taken out. Dan and Ephraim of the 144,000. They will not be represented. though they're the largest tribe and a son of Joseph, but they will not be represented in the in the uh 144,000 that are saved during the tribulation period. Why? They were blotted out under the heavens. We've already taught on that, but they were blotted out from under the heavens because they've served idols. Look at Hosea 4:17. Ephraim is joined to idols. Let him alone. Hosea 4:17. I'm way ahead of you there, bud. Ephraim is joined to idols. Let him alone. And Hezekiah's revival in 2 Chronicles 30 and1. You'll find that there was a great revival under the king Hezekiah was the king of Judah. And look at the attitude of of Ephraim. And I'm going to just show this to you and then we'll go home because I know I'm getting a little bit long already. And I can see your faces are growing anxious and you're all thinking, "Brother Joel didn't hold us this long Wednesday." So, or Sunday. So you just bear with me. Wow. You just bear with me for just a minute. I mean, you got to amen the truth, right? So Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh. Notice the way it's it's written. Hezekiah sent to Israel and Judah and then wrote letters to Ephraim and Manasseh specifically that they should come to the house of the Lord at Jerusalem to keep the Passover unto the Lord God of Israel. What's he trying to do to reverse that? Because their hearts are drifted away. Why? Because Jeroboam put an idol, made a a golden calf in Dan and Ephraim. And Hezekiah, who's under this spirit of revival, he writes to him and said, "Come back. You're back. You've gotten away from the message of the hour. You don't worship in the temple no more." But God called us. But he said, "I'm asking you to come back." Yes. He said, "I want you to come back, keep the Passover." Because the Bible said they hadn't kept it in that manner for many, many years. In 2 Chronicles 30:6 says, "So the post went with the letters from the king and his princes throughout all Israel and Judah, and according to the commandment of the king, saying, "You children of Israel, turn again unto the Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, and he will return to the remnant of you that have escaped out of the hands of the king of Assyria." So the king of Assyria has already come in and the judgments of God has begun on that northern kingdom. They actually were destroyed several hundred years before the southern kingdom of Judah. Though they were much more prosperous, had many more people, many more tribes, but they were destroyed. And he said, "You've already been mostly destroyed." He said, "Those of you that escaped, he'll have mercy on the remnant remnant if you'll turn." He said, "Be not like your father. It's like your brethren which trespassed against the Lord God of their fathers who therefore gave them up to desolation as you see saying you see it's not working. I I needed more time to preach this. I can tell you I'm not going to take it but just look it's not working. What you're doing is not working. What you're doing is not working. He said come back. He said it didn't work for your fathers. It's not going to work for you. He said, ' Now you be not stiff necked as your fathers were, but yield yourselves unto the Lord. Enter into his sanctuary, which he has sanctified forever, and serve the Lord your God, that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you. For if you turn again unto the Lord, your brethren and your children, oh my. So watch it. Now, I want us to come down and just kind of think about this in our own lives. Lord, I don't want to be hard-headed. I don't want to be arrogant because I've been blessed and I have been blessed. I've been blessed financially. I've been blessed with children, wonderful, godly children, a godly wife. I've been blessed in many ways. But I don't want to get prideful and think that I don't need an altar anymore and I don't need the presence of God anymore. And I don't need the water of the spirit anymore. And I don't need the church anymore. I don't want to get prideful. Come on, church. Sometimes with material blessings comes an arrogance. Now look, I'm not preaching against money. I wish y'all had more of it because the better y'all do, the better the pastor does, the better the church does. I I'm not against that. But I wish we could turn back to the Lord. I'm not saying you're you've drifted away, but if you have, turn back to the Lord. Don't let Leotaa blind you. Look at this. This just broke my heart when I read it. He said, "Your children will find compassion. So they shall come again into the land. For the Lord your God is gracious and merciful. Will not turn away his face from you if you return to him." So the post, the letters passed from city to city, through the country of Ephraim and Manasseh, even to Zebulun. Can you read that next part? But they laughed them to scorn and mocked them. They were under judgment. And they said, "We ain't going back to that backwoods, back country, bunch of cult people down there in Jerusalem, mocked them." Nevertheless, I love this scripture. Divers are several of Asher and Manasseh and Zebulun just individuals from Asher and Manasseh and Zebulun humbled themselves and came to Jerusalem. Not Ephraim. Ephraim was the biggest and the baddest and the wealthiest. And in a very short time, Ephraim was completely wiped off the map. Only the Mormons claim to be Ephraites today. And they have zero proof for it. Actually wouldn't want that to be, but I was. Ephraim was completely wiped off the map. Isaiah 7:7, "Thus sayith the Lord God, it shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass, for the head of Syria is Damascus, the head of Damascus is res within three score and five years shall e Ephraim be broken that it be not a people." He said within 65 years because Israel, Ephraim had actually joined with the Syrians to overtake Jerusalem and it didn't stand. The prophet Hosea prophesied against Ephraim as well. And listen to this. I don't have time to read all of this, but he said in in in verse one, Hosea 11:1, when Israel was a child, then I loved him, called my son out of Egypt. And verse three says, I taught Ephraim also to go. This is very touching. It's the imagery of he said, "I was like a father to Ephraim. I I taught him to walk. I taught Ephraim also to go take them by their arms." You remember when he taught you to walk? You remember what it was like when you first got saved and he taught you how to walk by the word and he taught you how to do things that were right and and you learned you love the message and you love the things of God. Do you remember what it was like to be taught how to walk? He said, "I taught him how to walk, taking them by their arms. But they knew not that I healed them. I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love, and I was to them as they that take off the yolk on their jaws. I laid meat unto them." G, he gave them rest. He gave them food. He said, "He shall not return into the land of Egypt, but the Assyrian shall be his king because they refused to return." They mocked the letter of Hezekiah. Sword shall abide on his cities, shall consume his branches, devour them because of their own counselss. He said, "And my people are bit to backsliding from me." Though they called them to the most high. So in other words, when they got in trouble, they called out to God, but none at all would exalt him. They called out to God, but they wouldn't worship. When they got in trouble, they came to church. But when they were blessed, they left the house of God and they made their own idols and serve their own gods. I say, "God, help me never to be like that. I want to be one who finds my place in the house of God. And if I'm blessed, let me stay in the place where the blessing falls. And if I'm not, let me worship God for my blessing. And if I don't feel blessed, let me worship God for who he is because he's still worthy of being worshiped. Ephraim was known as Mount Ephraim. They their land come from a mountain and it was it was very proud. Pride is such a dangerous thing. Brandon talks about ministers that would get so pride they start prideful they'd start drinking and thinking that their churches would just let them. And he said sometimes then we get to a place we think God blesses us. He give me a Cadillac. Give me a better job. He gives me this. It's no sign you can't turn his blessings from you. when you get lifted up and feel, well, I once laid all night and prayed. I once did this and I do that, but I didn't do it anymore. He said, you're on dangerous ground. But God has a way of humbling his people. I want to leave you with a positive note. Ephraim was still God's firstborn. Even though the hands had been crossed, even though he was the first one to be destroyed, even though he was arrogant, he still belonged to Jacob. Still belonged to Joseph. Amen. Look what Jeremiah says about him in Jeremiah 31:20. Is he from my dear son? Is he a pleasant child? For since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still. God still he still loves you. You You might be You might be on the outs right now. He It may feel like you're just under judgment, but God loves you. He's waiting for you to move. He said, "Since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still. Therefore, my bowels, my my inner being is troubled for him, I will surely have mercy upon him, sayeth the Lord. In 2 Chronicles 7:14, he said, "If my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves, humble themselves how through the cross like Manasseh did when they come back." And they got the letter, they said, "Let's go down to Jerusalem." A few of them did. Let's go down to Jerusalem. Let's say we were wrong. Let's go down to the altar. Let's talk to God again. Let's have them all night prayer meetings again. Let's get down to business with God again. Oh church, if we can only recognize many times we drift away and we don't even recognize it and you hear the voice of God in in the spirit of revival speaking out, won't you come back? Won't you come back? You you're living in Leodysia, but there's a place where you can stay under the blessings of God. That place is not these four walls, but that place is in Christ. Amen. My people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways and will I hear from heaven will forgive their sin will heal their land. I can't believe we move that fast through that. But I hope you got the the highlights of it. Maybe we'll visit it some other time. Lord, let me be like Manasseh. those individuals, the church as a whole is not coming back to God. They got a letter. They got a message and they laughed to scorn, not realizing they were already under judgment. You realize where we're living, we're living right in that time. They were already under judgment. You yet they left the letter to scorn. Not us. I believe you're those individuals that come back and said, "I want to be right. I'm not just going to carelessly defy the words of a prophet. I'm not going to carelessly take the Bible. I know what the Bible says, but I'm just going to leave it there because I want to live a different way." I'm not going to do that. Something in my heart won't let me do that. Though I may be influenced in a wrong way, though I may be using myself as an example, but any of us, though we might we live in Leo to see, we might get cold from time to time, but we got a place we can go to. We don't worship idols, we have a living God. Can you hear the voice of God calling you back to that place? How do you get back? Humble yourself and pray. Say, God, let me come to that place. Let me come every morning, every night. Let me let it not be a weekly thing, but a daily thing. every hour to to that be my zeal to repent before God. I know the blessings are mine. I know they are. I I know I've been blessed with all spiritual blessings, but Lord, I don't want to get arrogant with it. I know this message is a blessing to me, but I see so many just become arrogant with it until pretty soon it's just a message in name only. That's what Ephraim was. They were Israel in name only, but they served other gods. God, help us not to be that way. I believe that we're not. Believe that's why you're here tonight on a Wednesday night. Would you bow your heads with me? Musicians, if you would come, my people who are called by my name shall humble themselves. I don't think we should ever get too big. So big that we wouldn't say, "Lord, search me. Try me. Search me. Oh God, know my heart." I know it's a Wednesday night, but maybe we could just make this our devotion tonight. And I know many of you do devotions before you go to bed and you search your heart. Hey, Lord, forgive me if I've done anything that's wrong. Maybe this would be our devotion time just for the next moment. Lord, if I've drifted and I've just casually disregarded the things of God, help me, Lord. I want to come close. I I want to live for you. I I want to do the right thing. Help me, Lord, to humble myself in prosperity. I believe as a church, we've been prosperous in many ways. We God has blessed us, but we don't want to become arrogant. We feel like, well, this is the way we have to do it and and and God's on our side and he's not with anybody else. Say, God, help us not to be that way. Lord, may we humble ourselves and pray. God, help us [Music] today. He said, I'll hear you. Let that blessing be my blessing. Those arms were crossed for me. Those hands were nailed to the cross for me. Let that be my blessing. Let me never forget, Lord, whether I'm up or down or in or out. Let me never forget your word. Let me never casually disregard the things of God. But let me live for you with all of my heart. It's my desire tonight, heavenly father. Lord Jesus, as I've been moved, I was moved when I last week when I looked at these things and and then I put it away for days and I come back to it, Lord, and I feel that same movement, Lord, in my spirit, Lord. I I feel like that you're here with us tonight. And Lord, I know that you love us, Lord. We're your children. We don't want to ever get to a place where we the arms were crossed for us. Lord, we thank you for that. But help us, Lord, not to get to a place where we we don't even realize you're the one who healed us. Lord, you helped us learn to walk. May we not get so arrogant that we think we couldn't still use help from time to time. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. Help us not to be critical of others. Lord, even of our brothers and sisters in the church that they may do things we don't understand, Lord. And I may do things that people don't understand. But Lord, help us not to be critical of others. May we may we search out our own salvation with fear and trembling. And Lord, stay before the message of the hour. Lord, wash us by the water of your word. I pray you grant it, Lord. Lord, we ask that the blessings of God would be on every family. I pray they'd be on every home, Lord. those that maybe some that struggle financially, may you help them in that, Lord. I I believe that you can. Lord, when you bless them, when you bring them out of that place, oh God, may they not forget to put you first, Lord. I'm not talking about money, but in in their heart, I pray you'd grant it, Lord. Lord, when you when you come and heal us, may we not forget what you did for us, Lord. May we not forget to Lord, we couldn't heal ourselves. We couldn't save ourselves, but we can come to church. we can get down on our knees at home. We can raise our hands up, Lord, and we can thank you for the things that you've done for us. I pray that you'd move and that you'd work among us, Lord, among these young people and old alike. Lord, help us to be a good example, Lord. Help us to be one who always comes back to the temple when we get the ladder. Lord, may we humble ourselves. Come down off of our mountains of pride. come down to the place where you called us to. I pray you'd grant it, Lord. We thank you for it in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you need prayer tonight, the altar's open. We won't hold you long. God bless you tonight. Worship you. Hallelujah. Why don't we just worship him tonight? Pay back to him. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, we thank you. We love you. We don't want to forget where our blessings come from, Lord. Oh, we love you tonight. Oh Lord, we come to you. Oh, thank you, Lord. Let's just stand together and worship him now. No matter what the serend no matter what the [Music] situation. Oh yes Lord we will live a holy hand. Oh thank you Lord. Oh lord. Thank you Jesus. L him. Oh how we long to worship you. There's something in your heart that cries out to worship him long. Oh we thank thank you for our blessings through the cross. Elohim. Oh, how we long to worship you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Can we just raise our hands? Just thank him. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for being our provider, for being Jehovah Gyra. Hallelujah. on this Wednesday night. Lord, we want you to know how much we love you, Lord. Lord, I don't want to leave this place without you knowing. I know you've forgiven me so many times. You've loved me so many times. You You blessed me so many times, Lord. And I thank you for it. I thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, if you need healing, just reach up to him and receive your healing tonight. Whatever you have need of, I believe he's here to give it to you. God bless you. Worship you. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. Oh, how I long to worship you. One more time. I am in [Music] love and know him. How I long to worship you. [Music] I long to worship you. And all I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. [Music] Oh, so every day my heart will praise him. Oh, I know I'll never be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his holy with all your hearts. Now we're singing. All I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. [Music] Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Oh, so every day my heart is going to praise him. I know I'll never be the same. And all I want to do is love him. Love his home. Sing it one more time. Let me hear you sing with all your hearts. Oh, all I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. [Music] Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Oh, so every day my heart is going to praise him. Oh, I know I'll never be I'll never be the same. All I want to do is love his love his holy name. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise [Music] tonight? Amen. Why didn't we recognize son of God was here today? Oh, didn't our hearts burn as talked along the way? Shouldn't we have known? Oh, shouldn't we have known? I wish that we had known him before the Lord had come and [Music] gone. Oh, the day before yesterday they crucified my Lord. beat him unmercifully and nailed him to a tree. The sky grew dark and the earth began to fall. [Music] The people cried, "Surely we've crucified the son of God." Oh, why didn't we recognize the son of God was here today? And didn't our hearts burn as he talked along the [Music] way. Oh, shouldn't we have known? Shouldn't we have known [Music] him? I wish that we had known him before the Lord had come and [Music] gone. Today a friend and I walk down the road. We didn't know our Lord had [Music] arose. But then a man drew near and he spoke words so wise. [Music] He broke the bread and blessed it. Vanished and open. Aren't you glad your eyes have been open? Let's sing the bride's part now. Well, I'm so glad I recognized the mighty God is here today. And doesn't our hearts burn as we talk along the way? Oh, I'm so glad I know him. Do you know him here tonight? Well, I'm so glad I know him. I'm so glad I know him. for soon he'll come and one more time on that part again. Well, I'm so glad that I recognized the mighty God is here today. [Music] Doesn't our hearts burn as we talk along the [Music] way? Well, I'm so glad I know [Music] him. I'm so glad I know him. I'm so glad I know him. for soon he'll come and will be gone. Give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the word of the Lord? Amen. We're going to sing this just before you go. I'm so glad he found me in the key of G. And we're going to sing this when you're free to go. Amen. Just as soon as you want to. God bless you. Well, I'm so glad he found me. love. He found me. He put his arms all around me and he led me to the sh. Oh, now I'm one of his [Music] own and know the joy of [Music] knowing someday I'm going going to my home my home in glory. I'm going to walk all [Music] streets with gold. Well, I was on the mountain when I heard my savior speak to me. Oh, he said, "Come to me." [Music] of your sins, your pity, and I will lead you out where you can't see. Well, I'm so glad. Aren't you glad he found you in love? He found me. He put his arms all around me. Oh, then he led me to the shelter and now I'm one of his [Music] own and know the joy of [Music] going someday I'm [Music] Going to my home, my home in glory. We're going to walk on streets paid with gold. Oh yes, I will love him ever. I will stray from him. No, never. for he's the dearest friend I ever knew. Oh, and when I see him yonder, my love will still grow fonder in that happy land beyond the blue. singing. I'm so glad he found in love. He found me. He put his arms all around me and he led me to the shelter. And now I'm one of his own. and know the joy of knowing with hearts are glowing. Someday I'm going going to my home, my home in glory.
