################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - Sunday Afternoon Service - December 28, 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-28
Title:    Sunday Afternoon Service - December 28, 2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbdfpxN1-FM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I feel nice. Heat. Heat. Oh, hey Green. Oat. Down. Wonderful. Baby breathing. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I love you. And we'll sing this little song. If it wasn't for the light where this should be once again I beg God for I for Jes. Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rock of sin. He has shown a light around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, where would this be? Amen. Good to see each one this evening. A little chorus that we haven't sang in a while. He carth for you. He carth for you. And I thought that's exactly what he showed again himself. He cared for me. He spoke to me this morning. He carth for you. Amen. Through sunshine or shadow. Amen. He can. That's probably too low, sweetheart. He He car for you. Oh, he car for you through sunshine or shadow. He car for you once again. Oh, he carth for you. And he car for you. And through sunshine he car. Let's bow our heads together and remember Tom and Sister Cindy again. And then any unspoken prayer requests, we just lift up your hand and make it known to the Lord. We're sure he'll meet those needs. Heavenly Father, Lord, we bow before you once again. And we're reminded, Lord, of your greatness and your power. And Lord, we think upon that as we come before you this evening. And Lord, we'd asked, Father, you'd be with us, Lord. Would you be with Brother Tom and sister Cindy, Lord, and help our brother and sister recover, Lord? We know you're the great almighty healer and you're more than able, Lord. We're not afraid to face whatever that thing is that is besetting us, Lord. And we bind Satan in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, that your believers may be loosed and may be free from all sickness, Father, that ails them. We ask you to come and be with us this evening, Lord. And would you just minister to our hearts? Would you show us, Father, what you're doing and your power and how great you are, Lord, through this little report that's going to be given, Father? We just ask that you'd be with our service. May we see you once again in our midst. And we ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. May be seated. Amen. Little course, Jesus on the inside. Amen. Brother Andrew, don't get to see you too much afterwards, but I'm going to give you a rose over the pulpit here. Your family is wonderful. I've seen your boys and I uh I have a lot of respect for him. So, I want you to know that Sister Tracy, you guys have raised a good family. Amen. Jesus. Jesus on the inside. Oh, Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. The world on the inside is the world on the inside. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my GO the Holy Ghost on the inside Making my life making the difference in my life. Oh my. Oh Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. Amen. It's not by might. It's not by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. Amen. Amen. Good to see each other one other one of you. gonna give a quick report if it's okay for dad. So, dad uh has moved from the hospital. He was in the hospital for about a week. He's now in uh um a building something. Thank you. Northern Arizona rehab on Gemini. And so, he's he's got a little bit of time there he's going to have to do, but uh give him a little bit of time and he just wants to he saw the service this morning, enjoyed each one. So you don't, you know, sometimes you don't think somebody's watching you. Well, that little allseeing eye, you know, pointing and, you know, it registers where you're smiling or happy or not happy. And so he was happy to be here. Amen. It's not by might, it's not by might, it's not by power, but by my spirit, say the Lord. is not by my spirit. Heat. Heat. is my mountain shall be this mountain shall be this mountain shall be my Amen. Are we taking an offering this evening? All right. If you have an offering, give it to one of the deacons and they'll put on the back desk. Make sure that it goes where it is. We have a couple of uh specials and brother Rolando. Is Brother Rolando here? I don't see him. So, um, you have a song, the Bohannan Sisters. Did I get that right? It said girls. And so I figured sisters if I got that right. So if you'd make ready at this time also want to remember the announcements that were made coming up on this coming June January 5th in the afternoons they will be holding a Spanish service. So I want to make mention of that and so you Every battle that I've had to face, led me right back to your amazing grace. Even in trles, I knew that I would be safe. You were my shelter in the weight of the storm. The once shook my heart till you brought me to shore. Now I'm in all the way that your love takes. I've seen lights shining in the darkest of places. I've seen your heart loving, embracing and chasing the lost and the lonely, the hopeless, the broken, and me. And that's why I believe. I thought I was falling, that it was the end. But you were beneath me with your steady hand. And you keep showing up again and again and again. &gt;&gt; With wings like eagles. You've helped me to soar. You've brought me to heights like never before. And you never grow weary of showing me so much more. I've seen lights shining in the darkest of places. I've seen your heart loving, embracing and chasing the lost and the lonely, the hopeless, the broken and that's why I believe. That's why I believe you'll never stop loving me. That's why I believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well done, sisters. That was absolutely beautiful. And we've asked brother Isaac to come and in November uh spent a couple weeks in Peru. Brother Isaac, my son, and then brother Isaac Hatfield who will be with us uh three four weeks I guess from today. No, three weeks. Three weeks from today, he'll be with us. And we'll be doing also two services on that day. And I thought we'd have both of them uh different perspectives of course and uh just talk about how what they saw in Peru and and just give a little report on the work there. On Sunday after Thanksgiving, we did a little bit. Uh but these brothers went places that uh that I didn't go. They spent a four or five days in the jungle and where the mosquitoes are and and uh the what were they called? The sand fleas. and and so they they did the real missionary work and I was doing a little bit of evangelism work. So anyways, we thought we'd have brother Isaac give a report and um so yeah, Sister Cammy, let's sing while he comes up. I like that Jesus on the inside. One of my favorite songs there. Jesus on the inside working on the outside as brother Isaac would come. Oh Jesus on the inside. You can stand with us outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside. Heat. Heat. Amen. &gt;&gt; 23. There we go. That'll be all the singing. If you wouldn't mind, just before we get into this, um, turn to John 13. um a little bit weird of a reading for missionary report, but I kind of just was, you know, looking through preparing the PowerPoint and stuff and I was I just asked the Lord, I want to give the people something more than just, you know, we went it was great and you know, my life has changed. Although that's important, but I just I you know, so I felt the Lord impressed like, well, what did you walk away with? Maybe I can give that to you. Um, and so what I left Peru with was, um, how can I take my belief to the next level or my servitude to the next level? And I don't want that to sound, um, new age or whatever, but it's really what's in my heart. And it's kind of humorous that this this scripture came to mind, but I think it's important. Um, of course we read it every time we do communion, but um, growing up I kind of always laughed at Peter like, you know, he it just kind of seemed like he was doing a flip-flop, so to speak. But this scripture is what I want to do, you know, and we'll read it. So John 13:6, then cometh he to Simon Peter, and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus answered and said unto him, "What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter." Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou has no part with me." Just real simple. And Simon Peter Peter said unto him, "Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Down to verse 13. You call me master and lord and you say well for so I am. If I then your lord and master have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I give have given you an example that you should do as I have done unto you. Verily verily I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his lord, nor is he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are you if you do them. It's just our hearts. Dear heavenly father, we come before you tonight, Lord, just trusting that in this uh telling Lord of our journey, Lord, that you could be magnified in some way. And maybe just light a fire in somebody's heart, Lord, to just go the extra step, Lord. Maybe like Jesus said, if if a mile is asked of you, go too, maybe we just take our walk, Lord. just a just that extra mile, Lord. And uh we ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. You can be seated. I'll move down to the lower platform here, but um yeah, so this was my I think this was my fourth time going to Peru. And every time um I don't want to say you if we could take the stage lighting down to zero, that'd be great. Um, but every time you go, you kind of walk away with, you know, a nugget, so to speak, and you feel, at least I do, you feel um kind of ashamed at where your spiritual walk is at the time, you know, cuz you you can come here and you can sit on a computer that you can go to work and you're just here two days a week and, you know, it's not I'm just going to speak freely and if I say I or we, just, you know, hear me correctly. But um sometimes we can get complacent or not appreciate what we have. &gt;&gt; And so when you go down there and you know we went to this one church and every time they prayed and maybe there was some Catholicism still left over, but they would kneel down every time they prayed. And you know my first thought is like you know I have to kneel down on this muddy floor. You know my pants are going to get ruined. You know I'm just telling you the thoughts that go through my mind. And so we're just if you kneel down here, you're not having that thought like, "Oh, my knees are going to get dirty." But then again, they don't have that thought, you know, they just kneel down and in their sincerity, they're just doing it for the Lord. And so it just, like I said, it kind of, you know, my prayer was, "Lord, what should I walk away from this?" Because you have that every time you go like, "I'm a terrible Christian." You know, you kind of have that thought. But my take I wanted my takeaway to be positive. And so hopefully I can pass that on to you that um maybe that conviction could be a good thing, but you know I had said here before don't let that conviction turn into condemnation. You know, turn it into something good. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Um so we can go this uh the background to this I just it didn't fit. You know, I had to admit a lot of pictures, but I we went to a really beautiful place. So we'll just start with a a high note. And I omitted all the food pictures, so you don't have to worry about that. Um, but I'll go to the next slide here. I'm supposed to do that. Sorry. Um, yeah. So, this is um I kind of wrote down put some red pins of where we were. So, obviously Lima is still yellow, but we flew um the second day I was there. her dad and I and Marcelo and our interpreter. We flew to Hyen, which is the on the left side, the third red bubble down. Um, and we drove from H Highen to San Agnosio. And I just had some cuz I know Dad talked about how fun the truck ride was, you know, around different places, but Hyen to Sanosio, just cuz I'm visual, is 42 miles as the crow flies, and that took 2 and 1 half hours. So, not not a terrible drive um by a truck, but when we went from San Ignasio um to that my wording got deleted up there, but that's we went to Lagona de San Pablo, that's 38 miles as the crow flies and it took us 11 hours in a drop. &gt;&gt; So, for perspective, um I have that here. Yeah, 38 miles as the crow flies is from here to Cottonwood. So that's, you know, taking 11 hours in the back of a truck to get to Cottonwood. It just, you know, for me felt like, man, this is is crazy, but it's sad. I think did the brothers say they haven't had a visitor in it was like 8 years or something. And so you understand why people don't go there, but then it makes you sad. Like again we're you know how many times we could ask anybody here we've had a visitor once a month or you know so it makes you feel um humbled um maybe could vict and and makes you um sad like one of the places we went like you know they don't have the the brother didn't have Wi-Fi and we'll get into that a little bit later just because it was dad brought his Starlink and we were able to help people because Voice of God they sent down was it 5,000 tablets Um, so they set down 5,000 tablets, which is awesome, but the part that's not awesome is a lot of these places don't have Wi-Fi. And one of the brothers who owned one of the tablets couldn't read or write. And so we had a questions and answer service and he was kind of odd about, you know, writing in his question, of course. Um, and so dad brought the Starlink and we were able to, um, he had never seen the cloud picture before cuz he had an old older version of the tablet that didn't have that updated. Um, and so we were able to help him get I think the rest of the sermons downloaded and he can kind of the audio so he can kind of figure out navigate even without being able to read on his tablet and listen to the words. So that was that was cool because he has no Wi-Fi to update it. So now he has, you know, the the cloud picture and the color fire picture. He has that all that on there now. So that was really cool to me. Maybe that was just a little thing because again like you know how many of us have 10 of those in our home you know or we have the cell phone and we can read and write like that's just um you know on the very simplest level that's something we take for granted just the opportunity to learn in school those things that you know this brother didn't have. Um so this one um yeah this is um this was the first uh day that we were there. We went from Hyen which is um that bottom red dot and we drove to Sanosio. Um we actually drove to Selendina which is um to the east of Sanasio I believe. And this is the place just so you kind of have a visual. This is um this is the church that dad when he tells his testimony where him and brother Jerry had that supernatural experience um with the scriptures where they both read the same scripture and preached on the same scripture I believe. So this was this is that church so it was kind of cool for you know me. I just thought I'd pass that along. I'm going to try to it's a video I'm going to try to play. You are children. Um, yeah. So, my video skills weren't great. I started in the middle of the chorus and ended in the middle of the verse. But that's something keeps holding me. So, just if you didn't recognize it there. So, that was the first service. Um, in the evening, dad spoke and then the next day we had questions and answers, which you know, I asked dad like it seems that when you have these services, they're super important like they always seem like they have an impact. you know, just being able to interact with the people and services are great, but getting on a personal level and letting them um maybe put forward what their need is because sometimes it's not always I need healing. Sometimes they're being tortured by a question and you can't there's not really an avenue for that in a service. So, um I always thought that they were good and this is the questions and answer service. It was kind of in a a home. Um and I think there's a recording here as well. Gloria. So, they um sang a little bit before the questions and answer service. And uh we can omit this on the stream if we need to, but I was I wasn't going to say this, but I will. Um so, one of the brothers that was traveling with us, he had had some um difficulties with a brother. There was some problems in their church. this brother that traveled with us, he hadn't seen um another person from the church he used to go to for several years. They hadn't spoken to each other and you know kind of when they would see each other on the street, it was you know walk to the other side of the street type thing. Um, and so we both, you know, both of those brothers are in Lima. You know, we both flew two hours and then drove two hours. And we get to this remote town in the middle of nowhere and this other brother from Lima is there. And it was in my eyes, it brought some reconciliation between the two brothers, you know, like we're that wasn't by chance. We're in the middle of nowhere and there's these two brothers who live five miles from each other who won't talk, you know? So to me it did something because by the end they at least said God bless you to each other. So some progress was made. Um and then I thought this was interesting. Um I just wrote down the questions that were asked just because I thought um we might like to see those. What is the difference between the spirit and soul? How can I receive the Holy Spirit? Um what things do I have to do to become a minister? Is it okay to joke and use nicknames? Kind of a cultural question, I guess. Is it okay to play soccer and have a soccer field? Are there quotes against it? Um, and maybe some of the confusion or um, you know, maybe related to that question, of course, there's always the the game questions, but um, in uh, Spanish, the word for soccer is football. And you know, it's kind of a So maybe when they hear football on tape, they get kind of a maybe not the wrong idea. Of course, I'll let the pastor handle that, but maybe that plays into the confusion. Um, is it okay for a Christian to use high heels outside of the church? Um, did Mary have any other kids after Jesus? And dad let me answer the last one, so that was really nice. So, &gt;&gt; I do not. Um anyway, so then uh yeah, we went from Salventina to San Agnosio. We had um a ministers meeting there. Um uh I don't think they've ever done that, right? There's nine or 10 ministers within a two-hour radius. And of course, you know how dad is. He has a gift of bringing people together. So, um everybody but one brother came. And I'm I'm just going to be raw, so if you want to delete the stream, you can. But one brother didn't come. And um you know, dad went over to his house afterwards and gave his wife some dresses and again I saw some, you know, reconciliation cuz I haven't seen this brother for five years. I don't know if dad has seen him recently, but you know, he got wounded and kind of pulled away. and um just to see the spirit of Christ in dad to bring that unity and fellowship and that brother that brother apologized and so you just you know those are the things that are impactful to me. &gt;&gt; Um so and maybe just being raw because you know we know what that feels like some of the the division or some of those things when you see some reconciliation um it brings hope. So, and I'm sorry, it's just it's me. So, if it's if it's too raw, it's I don't know what to do. Um, we went to um from San Agnosio, we went to Aranche and had a service there. And then then I didn't have a video of that um because he made me speak, so I didn't get the privilege to take any photos there. But um then we got up the next morning and we left um at 5:00 and we drove. This is where we drove from Flagstaff to Cottonwood so to speak and it took um 11 hours. So I have a video here and if you look I have a still shot after so if you miss it in the in the panning of the video you can see it but just to show how crazy the road was. Um it was hard to get videos of course but um it's super steep. It's carved out of a mountain. Um, you know, there's one place that, you know, a mudslide had just come through and, you know, one m wrong move and you're 2,000 ft down. You know, it'd be like, um, so the the as you're driving on the road, if you can kind of envision this, you have the cliff on your left side, let's say, and the wall on your right side is like two or three times as high as the truck. So, just to see how steep that terrain is. Um, but we'll play this here. So, if you look across the canyon, you can kind of see a faint line. And that's what we were driving through. And you can see you're just cutting in and out of those little um you know, of the valley or of the creek when it comes through. You got all these little things you're just cutting in and out of. And again, it's 38 miles as the crow flies. So, you can see that faint line just, you know, right up top. So, um pretty pretty wild terrain. Well, we got there. Um, and we got to Laguna de San Pablo, which is where um the uh where we had a a church dedication. This is where they hadn't had a visitor in about eight years. And I don't know if dad said this or not, but dad was supposed to go to this church um 18 years ago. Um and then he got called home because William was coming into this world. So um yeah, they had to wait um 18 years and dad finally made it there. But they had built a building finally and we were kind of there for um some church dedication is what it was. And we drove, you know, 11 hours, 12 hours in the back of the truck. Um got there at about 5, had dinner and um just to give you perspective, if if your song leader's 5 minutes late, it's not the end of the world because we got there at 5:00 and church was supposed to be at 7. And um at 7:00 the pastor's like, "Okay, I'll come pick you up." and we're at the the hotel and um it's 7 7:30 all four of us fell asleep. The pastor knocks on the door at 9:00 like hey let's walk to church. So well the reason was and you can understand there was a lot of um believers from the surrounding mountain like that brother who couldn't read. Um some of them walked six hours to get to church and you know it's not it's not nice terrain like imagine navigating part of the Grand Canyon just to get to church you know. Um, so they all got in and then we had church and it was it was really good. Um, there was it's a small town so you know you have a loudspeaker and you know most of the town could probably hear. So there was a lot of um children maybe some adults from the town that had come in and so that was really cool um to see um it was kind of like an outreach as well of a dedic as well as a dedication. Um and this is this is the church there. Um, so they have a on the right side, the doors to the left. I'm sitting on the right side of the of the church. Um, dirt floors and that was the dedication service there. Um, it was really cold, so you know, everybody's in blankets and and stuff, but really really nice brother there. He was kind of battling with his position as pastor and um, so he was able to ask dad some questions, too. and and it you could tell it really encouraged him because you know from my point of view it looked like he wanted to give up or you know if anybody came along he would be ready to give it up which is not a bad place to be but it was just again nice to see the encouragement that maybe you don't get in a normal service um from dad and then there's a video of the church here as well Oh, may you. &gt;&gt; Um, so that's I love him. Um and three u there was lots of um people that came up for prayer at the end of that service um and a lot of lot of rededication um of people's lives. So it was cool. We dedicated the temple and then also um the next day uh had the privilege to baptize three people um and that's a husband and wife on the left side. Um both got baptized or rebaptized, I'm not sure. Um, so that was really neat and it's really low quality because it was taken with dad's Samsung, but I'm just kidding. Um, so this was it. This was actually it was a waterfall that had come down kind of into a little pool there. Um, and we had to uh dam up the little creek and we got it um as deep as we could. It's probably 12 in there. So we were to baptize three people there which was really neat. Um, and then this that's the Agapo tablet on the right. 219 um audios. We were able to do that, brother. And the the cool thing about the tablets, if you have them down there, you can um you can I don't know how to word this. You can share your update with people and you don't need Wi-Fi. So maybe this brother could go back to his town and if there's one or two there, you know, we just were able to help out more people. So that that was a cool part and um thank you Elon Musk for that. Um so then we went to from um so that was Laguno de S Pablo. This is brother Marco. This is the one brother Jim would call number eight. Um he's on the left with his son Stephen Matthew. And uh and that's his church on the right. That's brother Isaac Hatfield. He joined um there at the end. And then that's the interpreter, brother Carlos. Um had a service. So in this is in Aikitos now. and brother um there's two churches in Aikitos where there was just one forever um I believe right just one yeah and so this is brother David he was an hour up the Amazon um but he moved because of work and part of his congregation moved is that correct not not this is here um and I'll hit I'll hit play so this is brother David's church and we went there um to brother Marco Sunday morning and then to brother David's in the evening are. And then um brother Isaac um preached there in the evening and that was in Aikitos. That's the town you can fly into. And then from there um we took um the boat on the right, the white one. We took that uh hour maybe hour and a half up the Amazon. And then uh we hopped in that canoe that you see on the right and the left um with you know 12 of us in a five-seater. So that was that was fun. Um, and then this is where we were going. It's Timikuru. Um, and this is where brother Muerto is. And there's maybe about eight believers. Um, but lots of people from the surrounding areas um came in. And we um so on the right there in the center by the dead tree, that's the church. And then the houses on the left and on the right um for people that live there. This is the church. Um, and we put like 45 people in that church. As you can see, it's on stilts, so I was worried about the the load, but we made it through. Um, and then this is brother Isaac spoke there. Just some of the brothers in Timuru. On the third one from the left, that's brother Victor. He used to be with brother number eight in um Iikitos, but he moved there um to do some farming work and stuff and we'll get into that in a little bit. That's the pastor there standing up, Brother Moto. Um and then brother Marco right beside him. Um and then this uh so that's brother Victor um in the white shirt. And then um so he he used to be in Aikitos but he moved up to you know where we took boats a couple hours up the river and he moved and his um his uh how you call it vision right now he that's a cacao plant um and you have to work on them you grow a stem and then you have to graft in the branches and it takes three years for that to produce fruit um and so he and you get I think he said for a cacao, you know, whatever it is, fruit, you get about 30 soles, which is about $9. Um, and they'll produce fruit every 3 months after the three-year period is done. Um and what he wants to do is um he wants to take you know whatever proceeds from that that he doesn't live on and he wants to take it and invest in sound equipment uh radio equipment and he wants to broadcast the message in that area. Um, which is is really cool because, you know, it takes us two, three hours by canoe to get to this place when you could just, you know, put a message on or put a visiting minister on or, you know, whatever the the thing would be and just keep it running 24/7 and you can reach, you know, a lot of people in a radius there. So, um, that'll that'll be really good if when that works out. I think he's nine months into the three-year process, so it'll it'll be a little bit. Um, and then this, uh, I thought was pretty crazy. So you can see it's a storm in the background there. And we were that's coming into right about where the town is. Um and I'll show you this picture in a second. Um a lot of the brothers that I said, you know, coming into this place where we were because, you know, we couldn't go to every town. We didn't have time. So a lot of those brothers from the surrounding town came in. There was about 40 30 or 40 from MSAN um which is a straight across the Amazon. and they came and you know for days I'm looking at the weather where we're going to be and it every weather app I saw of course weather apps aren't perfect but it's normally in that area it's pretty much like clockwork 2 3:00 in the afternoon it'll rain hard for an hour you know and then maybe chill out kind of like a monsoon and so I was looking and that's the storm that radar was picking up and it was supposed to go straight through man through this place called Indiana and then to Tim Timmy Cudter where we were well these brothers Um that's how the brothers from MSAN came and they have to cross the Amazon. So think like Lake Pal in the channel. They have to cross not this isn't where we were. This is a side channel of the Amazon but they have to cross the Amazon which is like Lake Pal and the channel and there's 30 of them in there with sound equipment and you can see that's six inches between them and the water. And so the storm started coming in um and all those brothers got to praying and we witnessed it because we were 30 miles or no maybe three miles north, sorry, in that canoe um at a uh kind of a traveling hospital they have. Um there was a lot of British people on board. So we took the pastor's wife there. She was having some head problems. So we took her up to that and um those brothers from Massan who were coming over started praying you know against the storm and and and praying and it it stayed completely south of them like we barely got rained on at all. And so it was just to me that's a huge miracle because you know you could have had all that sound equipment all those brothers in the middle of the Amazon and it just you know it wouldn't have been great. So, um I thought that was really cool. And this is um you know, just loading up the sound equipment they brought because where we were they did they don't have it. You don't need it. There's only eight of them in the church. Um and so you don't need it, but they brought it from a son speaker and piano and and 30 people. Um those were um most of the believers that came. Some of them were already in the boat um from Msan area and different places. Um, and then again, here's that boat. And you can watch just, you know, in their normal movie, you can see how that sways and gets super I mean, within inches of the water. So, you can imagine how a storm like that already battling the Amazon would just not would not be great. Um, so then here, this was um as we were leaving, you'll recognize it. It's till we meet. already Amen. So that's um that's all I had there. Um, again, just want to thank the church for the opportunity to go and um, I don't even want to say be a blessing because you leave and um, yeah, you get a lot more blessing than you think you bring. Um, but just if we went there just to encourage that pastor or help that brother get more messages on his iPad or um, oh, I did want to mention um, here in Whoops. Can we pull up the slideshow again? Slide number eight. Um yeah. So the um the church here um that you know they had built built the church and we were um there for the dedication and one of the days we were there I didn't put the video in here but it was raining so hard um and the church was just full of water. you know, their karaoke machine, which they use for their sound system, was, you know, just inches away from the water and they have to raise it up and um it was just it was really sad. So, the church here, it was about $300. Hopefully, this is okay. Um the church paid for them to get a concrete floor. So, um and this is the church that kneels when they pray and so it'll just help. It won't um you know, there won't be mud in there and it'll just be a lot better for them. So, you know, if it was just if we went just to get them a concrete floor or any one of these things that I mentioned, just just visiting them after eight years of not having a visitor, um it was all worth it in my opinion. So, Grandma, you have a question. There are piranha in the Amazon. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Piranha, she asked, "If they fall, could it be deadly if they fell into the Amazon?" referencing the the boat, you know, in the storm. Yeah, it it Yeah, there's piranha, there's alligators, there's Yeah. Not there's a lot of things in there that you don't want to be in there with. So, does anybody else have a question? Well, &gt;&gt; yeah. Um, she asked where we did the baptism. I'm going to click on pictures if they're relevant. So, slide 11. Um, so yeah, were we baptized? Um, she asked if we had to say that again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had to dam up the water. Yeah. So it was maybe six 4 in maybe in some spots um where we came. We were able to get it 12 to 18 in deep. Um yeah, log, sticks, mud, you know, whatever you can find just to try to get the water to raise a little bit. So here Yeah. 9 o'clock at night. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, she asked um you know the service, did it start at 9:00 p.m.? Yeah, it did. Um in this church here, um and yeah, so a lot of the people uh one sister, she rode a horse. I think it was 5 hours. Um and she was probably in her 70s, 80s. Um rode a horse and then a lot of people walked and that's why the service was so delayed. Um and so you asked secondly, sorry. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, no, the service ended Yeah, maybe at 11 or something. Um brother Steve didn't preach too long, so um but yeah, service ended at 11 and then I think those brothers who some of them stayed, some of them were the people who got baptized. Um but um a lot of them just I think they slept in the church and then left early mornings. You know, some of them had seven, eight hour walk back home. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So a watch night at 10:30 is not a big deal. &gt;&gt; Hey Lizzie. Um no, I don't think any church I've been to in Peru has he or AC. I don't think maybe some of the churches in Lima. Um but yeah, so you're pretty and a lot of these like maybe the Lima or Arakipa, some of the more developed areas um might have some of those conditions, but um like this place probably and they were saying how it's been one of the rainiest like it shouldn't be this rainy that time of year. Um but climate change or whatever you want to call it or not so climate change what um the they've had a lot of weather changes and so um but back to that so these places the temperature doesn't fluctuate too much through the year like you might get super humid but you might get down to maybe 40 at night and then you know 80 or 90 in the summer. So, it's not a huge drastic change and it's usually manageable with clothing, but yeah, you're kind of at the mercy of the your surround your climate there. &gt;&gt; Kurt Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Probably not as bad. Our mud brother Kurt asked for those online. Uh he was just referencing an earlier trip where um Uncle Joe and Brother Jerry and people had to w run across a mudslide. Um, so it wasn't that severe this time or it wasn't as fresh maybe. Um, you know, you could still see it trickling and it was still moving. Um, I didn't put this picture in there, but one of them there was a a recent mudslide and paths had already been kind of forged, but you know, there was a sinkhole that was, you know, or a hole that had been formed and so you're just, you know, you never know. Any of those could just give at any second. So, but it wasn't wasn't that bad. Um, she asked the people that walk six hours essentially, what's their situation? Um, a lot of them, I would say, Dad can correct me if I'm wrong. Um, some of them do maybe have little groups like 10 people maybe in surrounding areas. Um, some people might just be isolated believers that have heard, you know, that we were coming and decided to make the journey. Is that accurate? Define town. So yeah. So &gt;&gt; Kurt, &gt;&gt; um, dad was supposed to go there 18 years ago. Um, but I think if I'm correct, they hadn't had just a visitor in general for eight. Is that Yeah. Uncle Joe asked when we're going back. Yeah, that's uh up to the Lord's will, of course. Anyone else? Maybe some of the younger ones who would like to go. Haley has a question. John's messing. Okay. All right. Well, I'll turn it over to to dad and that's all I had. And just once again, thank you for the opportunity. &gt;&gt; I wanted him to pull up the slide with questions. We'll just ask brother Isaac to answer these one by one real quick. Not really. Um, we are going to do a questions and answer service. Did I mention that this morning? 25th of January. A brother reminded me last week that I had said we'll try to do it every six months. It'll be about exactly six months on the 25th of January. So, I'll put the container back there and if you want to write in a question or email it or however, we'll do that January 25th. I thought these were pretty good. And you have a mixture of like kind of easier questions you would say. I mean, none of them are super easy, but ones that like, okay, explain difference between spirit and soul. And that's a very that's a question that takes development. You just can't answer it right away. Um, the one about a joke or nicknames in Spanish in Spanish it's in and this just to give you a cultural understanding if somebody is fat and he's a guy they just nickname him Elgoro or El Gordito and that's like saying the fat guy and it's not as offensive as it would be in English. they they just do it. Heyo, you know, but you could understand or if you're skinny, they'll just call you flaco and that's the skinny guy. And so, um, but it's it might be offensive to us, you know, if I just start started call calling somebody who was overweight, if I just the fat guy, but it's not as offensive. And but the question was, well, what about nicknames and jokes? And I told him, I think how we answered this was, you know, a nickname's not bad necessarily, but if it offends the brother, &gt;&gt; you better not do that. And you better be careful if you think it could offend him. So, we kind of went down that avenue with it and jokes. I got to tell the story about Brother Jim traveling with Brother Brandon for three hours and then how at the end of that he told him that the Lord, you know, has a sense of humor, but he hates smut. So we got to kind of explain some of those things. So some of the questions are cultural soccer is huge. Every town you go in, every small community is 10 houses, if it's, you know, 10 houses and in the middle a big soccer field. And so those are questions you got to really manage and maneuver and see what kind of discern what why why is the person asking? Do they just want to go out on Sunday and play soccer or or do they have a child who has some energy and they, you know, want them to play soccer to get it out? So, you have to it's it's a really some of those are tougher and you have to know the culture. Um, high heels outside of the church like does it make it okay in the church? You know, it was an interesting question. Didn't Isaac got the one. Um, of course, James was Jesus's brother, half brother. Um, yeah, I think that was Oh, the the the minister question. I think I know who wrote it and it was a young man and he's probably 10 or 12 years old and it was a good it was a good question, you know, from coming from a young man. Well, and I kind of answered it like, well, you can't do anything to become a minister. Like, God gives those gifts. However, you don't know if you might have a gift, so keep your life pure. And we talked to him about some of those things. But it was a good it was a good question, a fair question. So, um, all right. Anything else on that? Then we'll have Brother Rolando. I thought it'd be appropriate, Brother Rolando come and have Brother Rolando sing a Spanish song to us and then we'll close. Sister Danette. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I always translate that like bad jokes or um, perverse jokes I think is the word. Yeah, smut's not a easy Yeah, perverse jokes I think is the word. Praise the Lord. You want to give thanks to the Lord tonight. He &gt;&gt; he had left here Flagstaff, &gt;&gt; but the Lord brought him back. He doesn't like the climate here. &gt;&gt; He's from like a more temperate climate in Humb and he gave thanks to the Lord this morning. The service the presence of the Lord was different this morning. &gt;&gt; He said, "I come from a Pentecostal." and looking at the bride of Christ, &gt;&gt; he say I feel bad sometimes sometimes a little baptist, &gt;&gt; but each church has &gt;&gt; but I I saw this morning the church in I saw that young people very happy. God was here with us this morning in everything for the glory of the Lord. Some kind of glora. No, Messiah. for Fore! Foreign! Foreign! You're Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother. He's been talking to me about that a little bit. But Steve, he comes from a Pentecostal church. He says that we those Pentecostals outshine us in their worship, you know. So, he must have appreciated this morning. I kind of wished I was out here this morning. I was in the back, but Lord knows. Let's all stand and we'll sing a song and pray. Thank the Lord for a wonderful day he's given us. Amen. Whatever you have, sister. I'd like to sing La Fiesta deores, but I don't think you know it. It's the feast of the overcomers, by the way. So, it's a good song. Sure. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Heat. Heat. See the little baby. Oh, he's lying in the manger on Christmas morning. Amen. I see him at the seaside. He's reaching the will serve him. Yes, we believe in your name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless. You sure been good to be in church with each one of you tonight. There are more verses to that. I'm just too old to remember them all. I'd love to sing them with you, but love seeing it. Takes me back those missionary trips. love to go there again sometime or maybe send some of the kiddos. So, let's pray. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in church tonight with each one. Just a little humble sacrifice of praise. God, you're so worthy. We don't have the words and all the words that you'd give us. Lord, if we could take a little pen and you'd fill the ocean with ink and write on the parchment of heaven, Lord, it couldn't contain the hole. the the songwriter wrote and and we're just think those things tonight, Lord, with these testimonies and we feel for these people. They love you, Lord, just like we do. And it it takes us up a little higher to see the sacrifice. And Lord, we want to put our shoulder to the well any way we can to help one another, of course, and all also these however we can and and just love and serve you. We thank you for this Christmas time. We know you weren't born this time of year, but how we celebrate and just Brother Random called it a worship. Make sure we're worshiping, Lord. Not we would celebrate like a birthday, but a worship because of the great thing that you've done, Lord, and coming down and a humble way, Lord, that an example that we need to be humble and then to go, Lord, the great things you accomplished yet to die on a cross, Lord, to cover our sins. We're so thankful for that tonight. And we just claim every promise, Lord. We want to apply that token for our children, for our loved ones, for those uh missing among us, Lord. Those that are sick, uh these great gallant soldiers, Lord, we love so much. The Weather's family, brother, the Wilson family, Lord, and and the different ones, the Ignises, and just love and appreciate each one and pray that you'd take us home, Lord, to bring us back at the right time. All things that we say and do, we all for the glory of God. In the precious and mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ, all God's people say, "Amen." Turn on the blue one here. Um, how about you ask Well, as you're dismiss, my sins are gone. Lord bless you. Lord willing, we'll see you Wednesday, 10:30 p.m. Get rest beforehand. We'll take communion right at midnight. Lord willing. You ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone." Well, they're underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn, there in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. That's at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now, oh, my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary has far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Satan comes to tempt me. He tries to make me down. I say my sins are gone. You brought me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from N in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Lord bless you. They're underneath there underneath the blood. Calvary is far removed as dark. Let's see. Change. Christmas.
