################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-30 - Sunday Morning Service - November 30, 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-30
Title:   Sunday Morning Service - November 30, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8bFnvkpZpk
========================================

I love it. Hallelujah. together. Come on. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, you are. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah. Heat. Whatever. coming up. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, you are you are Hallelujah. Glory to you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Let's stand. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. grace to trust him. Oh, if you don't mind, brother, continue to play that chorus. I This goes along with what brother Steve said before we came out. I want to tell you because we may never have another opportunity. And I say that with not any scared or I'm just telling you the truth. I don't know God has planned. &gt;&gt; True. True. &gt;&gt; But I sat and listened once again to each of the songs the spirit of God led brother Ryan Dud sing. And all they did was lift up Jesus. And my heart was so proud. My heart was proud not of brother Ryan but of my God. This little song does nothing but tell him how I I feel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So just one more time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Tell them how you feel before we turn the service over. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust you. How prove you all and know Jesus. Jesus, precious Jesus, all for grace. Let's see verse two there. Oh, trust me. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Jesus all for trust man. Lord bless you this morning. Good to be back. Good to see all the saints. I hope it's good to have me back. Just kidding. It's good to just see each one and be back at home and and once again in the presence of the Lord at home seeing all our family. We really appreciate all of you. We could feel your prayers while we were away and so we're very appreciative of that. You got me off balance this morning though. You got the right side a little less balanced. So my obsessive compulsive is a little But I'll be fine. I'll be fine. Praise the Lord. Couple prayer requests we see here for Sister Anne. She had a bad fall and broke her arm and has been in the hospital. Sister Anne Paige. And then Brother Ron has a valve replacement tomorrow morning. Sound like they were able to get him in. Is it tomorrow morning, Brother Tom? Is that right? So sound like they were able to get him in earlier than expected. So, we want to remember brother Ron in our prayers and there's obviously those who are traveling. Brother Glenn, I know the Dalton family's traveling, different ones. So, we appreciated your traveling mercies. We got back at 11:30 last night and the Lord was gracious. Every plane flight was on time, every taxi ride was fine, everything worked out wonderful. So, we're very grateful for all the traveling mercies we have. Brother Matias, Brother Ron's your pastor. So, we'll have you open up the service in a word of prayer. We'll sing that as brother Matias comes. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust you. How Jesus, your grace to trust him. Let's pray. Lord, how gracious of a position you've placed us in just to have the chance, Lord, to have that grace to trust in you. We don't take you for granted, Lord. We know that not everybody has this opportunity. So Lord, to have the chance to bring our needs before you. We just feel completely unworthy. Lord, I'm just asking for brother Ron. Lord, he has his operation coming up. Lord, we just ask that you'd be with him, Lord, and guide the doctor's hands, Lord. We know you see every outcome. And Lord, for all the families traveling, Lord, you're so gracious to keep us safe this weekend, Lord. And I just am asking that you would extend that to all the others, Lord, around us and those traveling that we know. We just are are so thankful, Lord, for the things you've done for us, Lord. And thanksgiving, Lord. It's it's not about America. It's not about the pilgrims. It's about you. I'm thankful for you, Lord. &gt;&gt; And uh just ask Lord that as this service goes forward that you'd be glorified and &gt;&gt; that your presence would be made known here. Lord, as the song said, your presence is heaven to us. Lord, we just want to dwell in your presence. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. I just ask Lord that you would anoint the lips of the speaker Lord and the musicians and that you could be glorified in all of it. Lord, we just commit the service into your hands. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Lord bless you. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to Psalms chapter 33. Psalms 33, I think we'll start with verse 12. sounded like the ministers who came or the ones who are from here who ministered that everything was wonderful the last few weeks. Good to see brother TJ. Brother TJ, we always love you and your family and just always good to see you and Sister Teao and the family. God bless you, brother Everett. Good to see you too, brother. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Psalms 33 and we'll start with verse 12. We'll go to the end of the chapter. Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance. upon all the inhabitants of the earth. &gt;&gt; There is no king saved by the multitude of unhost. &gt;&gt; A mighty man is not delivered by much strength. And the thing &gt;&gt; behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy. &gt;&gt; Our soul waiteth for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. He is our help and our shield &gt;&gt; for our heartjust. &gt;&gt; Let thy mercy, O Lord, be upon us according as we hope in thee. Amen. Lord bless you. &gt;&gt; Greet the one next to you and you may be seated. Amen. Lord bless each one of you. little chorus uh just the chorus. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. this morning. One more time, I pledge my allegiance to him. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. I play with Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Julie, I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Amen. Let us sing. Um, it's a little bit different type of song, but Jesus, hold my hand. Amen. And you know they my allegiance has pled and I have had the privilege of examining one more time our life and a lot of aspects and and you think well forgive me for putting my hands in my pocket. I didn't mean to do that Lord. You think well what this world is is yeah I live in this world and is it really so bad? Sometimes you you think that way. I'm sorry. You think that way? And you think, is it really so infiltrated with everything that Satan wants us to do? Is this You ever thought that way? And if you haven't, pray that you never do. But it's one of the trials that you examine. Now, I'm going to give you something that to really just may maybe some of you know. You all know the pretzel design, right? Do any of you know how it came about? It's a Catholic tradition. The three things are father, son, and holy ghost. And so my point was only that you think that we're not inundated and you don't even realize it. I'm just telling you it's all out there. That's the only reason. And I'm saying Jesus, hold my hand. Otherwise, I'm going to fall wherever it is. I don't even need to intend to. You say, "What does a pretzel have to do with it?" The pretzel only had to do with this is Satan's Eden and I'm looking at getting out of here. I just crazy as it may be. Help me sing this as I travel. Oh, as I travel through this world, there is a Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. A Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. A Heat up here. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Hey, Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Jesus. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. It just sort of lightens me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Amen. Love the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I don't know why my voice is just sort of choked in a little bit now. And but uh what a mighty God we serve, brother Ryan. Amen. Last Sunday I sat here and I'm telling you a testimony. Y'all remember this little paper here that was last Sunday. This was given to me and taken away from me a number of times. But I've written my new little name on it and put it in my Bible. It was just an example. It's nothing more than a piece of paper, but it's a reminder of the token that I have. And sometimes you say, "Well, it's a piece of paper." Yeah. Well, just as he took it there, by the second, fourth time you took it from me, Brother Ryan, I was thinking, "But that's my paper. &gt;&gt; You have no right to take it from me." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Sometimes that's what we've got to do. Amen. &gt;&gt; Once we think that it's been taken from us about the third or fourth time you say that's my piece of paper, that's my token. What a mighty God we serve. It cannot be taken from you if you are filled and a son of God. That is the honest truth. Oh, what am I Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Brother Bill, would you offer a prayer? Amen. &gt;&gt; Dear Lord Jesus, we love you this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We sure appreciate your presence. &gt;&gt; Yes, we do. &gt;&gt; Cuz without you being here, it' just be another lodge meeting. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your spirit. We ask now you'd bless these tithes and offerings offerings and &gt;&gt; and their intended uses and where they need to go to. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Ryan, whatever's on your heart, my friend. We have a just a few announcements. If you didn't get the chance to read the little bulletin, it's not just words. It's very appropriate. So, I encourage you to read the the bulletin this morning. But the we have a children's program coming up. Want to make mention of that. Um, and in our Sunday school, there was 13 children, Christians, and 12 Bibles and $1 an offering. Amen. Amen. So, amen. Eyes of Elijah. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Hey, what's Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Ryan. Amen. Amen. It's been requested that, William, that you sing. So, if you'd make ready at this time as he's making ready. I uh have you heard of Brother Brandham, speaking of a minister, and he called his little his name is Little David Walker. &gt;&gt; Has anybody ever went and looked into him, Brother Kurt, or anything else like that? this young boy, he was uh nine years old and uh he received the Holy Ghost. Brother Brandham talks about he came in, he got into a little trouble, I don't know what it is, and preached for him. So I I take that just as what it is. But this young boy, he uh and I tell you what this and whatever you feel to start playing, brother William, you can. But he says, he says, you know what, he says, I think of heaven. And he says, when we just think of heaven, we put parameters on it. But in this young man's experience, he said, "I saw heaven and it was a country." And the word country sort of changed things for me. He says, "There was no limit to it. There was no, we're not talking about the new Jerusalem. We're talking about the land of where it's at." And sometimes we just our our because our finite minds are so small, we limit the the the huggeeness of God and what he's prepared. But heaven is a country. Don't miss it. That's what the prophet came to screaming to me. Donald, don't miss it. Whatever you do, Donald, don't miss it. That's I take it. Amen. Amen. It's been one of those days that drives me to my knees. There's more questions than answers. And all of the things I can't figure out leave me with more tears and laughter. I don't know how he's going to move. But I know he knows what I need. Sometimes he's water to the thirsty and sometimes he's fire. all consuming. And sometimes his voice is louder than thunder. Sometimes sometimes he whispers. And I'll be listening while I'm waiting on him. I choose to trust and believe that the same one who spoke the world into place is the same one who speaks peace to me. I don't know how he's going to move, but I know he knows what I need. And sometimes he's water to the thirsty, sometimes he's fire. more consuming. And sometimes his voice is louder than thunder. And sometimes, sometimes he's water to the thirsty. Sometimes his fire oh consume me. Sometimes his voice is louder than thunder. Sometimes, sometimes he's water to the thirsty, sometimes he's fire. Oh, consuming and sometimes his voice is louder than thunder. Sometimes sometimes he whispers. Let's all stand. Change order service. Only believe. Only believe. Yesterday, Kim and I were talking and I guess every part and you that are older couples and have been down the road and you recognize in your life and and you start realizing what mom and dad or maybe somebody in church told you that your life is example of every part of it is just moved upon by God. You may not know it at the moment in time, but it'll come back to your memory. Oh, that's what mentioned. That's what happened in this time. Well, the circumstances with us as we were talking, one of us, it doesn't matter who, but one of us made a trying to make a juncture in a conversation. The other one of us wanted to keep going on the same path because I may have thought this was the path it should have been. But sometimes if we listen closely enough just that little he wants to make a juncture in our life and a juncture and it has to do with listening. What happened yesterday was I was so worried about making my point known that I missed a little juncture. Didn't change anything between Kim and I. We had to circle back to it. But maybe what I'm encouraging today is listen for that little juncture, whatever it may be, however it may be to you, and don't continue down your way because you think that that's the way I want to go. Let him lead you. Only believe all things are possible. This is my story. God help me. Holy be. Holy All the Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, all things are possible. Lord, I Heat. Heat. All things. Amen. Lord bless you again this morning. I'll probably just uh have you have you take your seats. We um we have well I you know I feel like preaching and I feel like giving a trip report. So we'll do a preach trip report. How's that? How many has heard the message uh India trip report? That message is it's a really really powerful message. There's a lot in there. If you hear it or uh you've had the chance to read it, it's super I encourage you because it's powerful what what the Lord did through the ministry of a prophet in this day. And um I I think we'll start if would be okay. I have about a six minute video would like to play and it's a little there's captions to it and kind of gives you an overview of the trip. Um and and you can see and I might even upload it to the web page later so you could watch it later. Uh because it does move kind of quickly through here. Um, yeah. So, you could get an idea of of what the last, I guess, two and a half weeks of the trip were. I'm realizing the more I go on mission trips as a pastor that the Lord called me to be a pastor. So, uh, I it's hard to be gone for so long. And I told the brother down there, I said, "Brother, I don't think I can do two and a half weeks anymore. I can maybe do a week here and there." And so, we'll see what the Lord has in store in the future. But part of this trip was um uh I wanted to get some more young men involved. And so, not that we can't do it anymore, but I'll tell you what, we had an 11-hour ride through a rough road all day. Literally, we left at 6:00 and we got to 5:00 in the evening to one place and it was a rough and it was curvy and it was mountainous and it was tough on the old body. And then the next two days later, we were 9 hours on curvy roads all night long. We left at 7:00 at night, got there 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning. And so it was a very it's hard when you get older. Um some of those rides that we had. So I wanted to introduce or or to bring some young men. Brother, my son Isaac came for part of the trip. Matias came for part. And then Isaac Hatfield who um I don't think he'd been out of the country except for New Zealand and I said that don't count brother New Zealand's like come on. So he had not and he knew and I think he was a little scared. Um, yeah. And matter of fact, one brother, I won't say which brother, but one brother about halfway through the trip, we were he was going to go to the Amazon for a little portion of the trip. And we were kind of laughing about, you know, the mosquitoes and the boats this far off the water. And you'll be fine, brother. It's going to be okay. And about 11:00 that night before he left, I got a text message with a phone number. It was, "Brother Steve, here's my wife's phone number. She wanted you to have it just in case anything would happen to me." And I was like, "Oh my goodness, what this poor guy, you know, how' I make him feel?" And then, you know, a few days later when he got back, he said, "Thank you, brother Steve. Sorry about all the worry. Everything ended up fine." So, I won't tell you which brother that was, but just a brother, you know, and I thought it was funny, you know, but I, you know, if you haven't been there to a new place, uh, especially where these brothers went, it was not, you know, they got ate up by sand fleas and mosquitoes and and it was, uh, it was a rough go. So, uh, but the Lord was the Lord was really in it all. So, we'll play this video and I think it'll give you a rough uh kind of idea. We'll upload it later um of sort of how the trip went. So, if we'd play that at this time, He goes Hallelujah. foreign. your name. We go more. Oh go for go to take you Lord. Holy sle. Amen. &gt;&gt; Go ahead. Come on. Sh. Shadow. Shadow. Shadow. Shadow. Sh. Sh. Oh seven angels. It was he that put a sword in the hand of the prophet brothers because he was showing &gt;&gt; it's not me. &gt;&gt; Now passc Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; I am not here but he is here brother. And let's Just the men. Oh god. So Amen. Amen. Amen. So, uh maybe by way just of testimony. Um and I would say that missions is not for everyone. I respect uh the brothers that have come to me and said, "Brother Steve, I appreciate you inviting me, but it's not for me or you know, but I'm happily will send you or we'll send somebody." And uh some of the and I'm not exaggerating some of the m you know the work that we did was extremely difficult. I mean you can imagine just the bottom of your ankles being bit just completely infested with sand fleas and then it takes days to get over the bites and then you got mosquito bites and then you're not you know you're sleeping on wood. So, it's not for everybody. But, uh, but it is for everybody because it is for for if you'll send someone and that's your that's your portion as well. No problem. Don't even feel bad about that. Uh, because that's equally as important. But if you have a desire to go, let me know because I would just love to keep sending brothers and maybe that's the transition in my life is to, you know, to help other brothers go. And this was the first time that we had sent somebody where I didn't go with the brothers. We kind of divided at one location and two or three of the brother three brothers went one place and we went another and uh everything was wonderful. So maybe that's the transition. If you have a desire, you really feel led or called more importantly uh of course let us know. I told sister Dette about a couple weeks before we went and I think from the meetings until like the you know the first week of November it was just jam-packed. There was something going on every week, every day. It seemed like someone was here in town or we were entertaining or we were ministering somewhere or traveling and it was just a non-stop. And I told Dette right before we left, I said, "I'm going to need a break when we get back. I am completely done." And I said, "Maybe, you know, I'll just take the week after we get back and go somewhere." And then the Lord really did something unique. So, I had planned with brother Juan to go to Cusco, which is a very tourist area. I'd never been there in 20 years. I haven't been there because it's a tourist area, but there's a little mission in that area. So, I told Brother Juan, I'll tell you what, we'll go there. We'll do some tourist stuff for a couple days, and then then we'll minister a couple days at the church. The new it's kind of like, you know, like Carson City, a new church. They don't have a pastor yet. There's a small group of believers and brother Juan sends somebody once a month. And I said, "We'll do, you know, we'll go there." And it the Lord really was neat because we landed in Lima, we had a service and then like we flew up to this to Cusco and it was like three days of rest, nothing going on. And I thought, man, that was perfect. The Lord worked it all out where we could just go and then and we rested. We had one service on Saturday night, Sunday morning, and I and I was I just felt rested. I I ate like, you know, tourist food, like American food practically. So the food wasn't bad and um that was the trip Mias was on. So don't feel bad for him. No, but uh there was some wonderful things with the believers that happened as well. But it helped me because I needed the rest. And even if you know I take a brother to the Grand Canyon or fishing, it's it's it's always a it's a draw at at some level. It's a draw on you. And so um I was just I was completely done. Zero left. And the Lord allowed those three days away from everything, nothing. And man, I was so I was so so very thankful. Very thankful. And um I think I'm going to transition maybe and and uh Brother Matias, would you be able to come up right now and maybe just share a couple minutes, thoughts, and then we'll we'll uh maybe transition into preach testimony if that would be okay. So, thank the Lord. And brother Isaac will be here uh into December. So we might have brother Isaac uh Robson here to talk about what what he would have around that time. Uh I don't have much I didn't have much notice but um I just have always thought about when going to these places you go to try and be a blessing. You know you think at first you feel like you kind of have something to offer them. You know like we come from a wealthy nation. we kind of have, you know, we're we're clothed, we're fed, we, you know, are so enriched. But I come to find out that as I've been, this is my second time there and as I spent time there that they're so much more rich than we are. &gt;&gt; Uh you go there and &gt;&gt; you see these people that are so excited to be in church. They're so excited to be in church and &gt;&gt; they they stand in front of you almost as a an open rebuke to yourself like &gt;&gt; like man these people have nothing and they're so happy to be in church. They're early and they have such a desire to worship. their their worship is loud and they're boisterous and it's a their heart is in it &gt;&gt; and it's a I felt a rebuke to me because you know sometimes it's you know back in in Phoenix it's you know Wednesday night I pull in right before the song leader comes out and it it sometimes feels like my heart hasn't been in it and so it was a good reminder to me that it's not it's not what you have that makes you excited to worship but it's just that what God has done for for you. And um one of the one of the markers of that for me was the sister in Cusco, I think it was. She had a really good uh IT job, it sounded like, and she could have kept this job, but she quit the job because it was making her late for church. &gt;&gt; And I thought, she quit the job because it was just making her late. &gt;&gt; How many of us would do that? And so it's just a it's just such a good reminder because you realize they might not be rich materialistically, but spiritually they're so enriched because they know where the focus should be. We're so distracted here that we have all of this stuff and you know we have good cars, nice houses, uh running water, it's clean, you don't have to worry about drinking out of the tap necessarily, but they have nothing and they're feeding you with one of the one of the days they fed us a a breakfast that was challenging for me to eat. You know, it's got pork maybe a little undercooked with some hair still on it and stuff and you know, I felt like, you know, man, this is maybe something I would throw away. But then you look over and you see the kid in the corner and he's just eating rice and potatoes and they give their all to you because they value you so much and they know that if they give their all to you that maybe they'll be blessed and that just humbles you so much because you think who am I? these people, I should be giving my all to them. And you do try to, but you can never, it seems, you can never give as much to them as they give to you. Even though you're trying to go to be a blessing. Um, it's just really humbling and I had a good experience. It's really eye opening every time. I thought, you know, because I had been before, like I kind of I think I know the routine and everything, but it just seems like every time you get changed a little bit because you see you see a new part of them, how the Christians live down there and just such a zeal. They're their worship is so loud and I I'm so like if we could be that way here and not be so ashamed of who we are as Christians, it's like let's worship the Lord. He gave his life for us. What else do we have? &gt;&gt; And so I just I think that's all I have. But just a real blessing. I was able to go and just help a little bit and where I could. But um I would encourage all of you if you don't have the heart to go maybe go to one of the more touristy spots even. I think it's eye opening. Um but yeah, that's all I have. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you, brother Matias. Amen. I want to read if we all if we could stand, I just like would would like to read a portion of scripture. And this is testimony of the trip and and I think the Lord has something here for this body. I I really feel he gave this to me on the trip. I don't feel I know he did. He miraculously revealed that he did through a witness. And so Ezekiel the 33rd chapter I was guy had gotten behind in the scripture reading. And so we got on the plane and we were delayed an hour and and uh then we took off and I just opened up my Bible on the plane and I began to read. I read Ezekiel 30 through 33 or 34. And when I got to 33, my heart spoke, you know, something spoke to me and just like a gut punch, but a good gut punch, like a powerful just like this is from the Lord. And so we'll just read the first couple verses and then we'll have you be seated. The Bible says Ezekiel 33 again. The word of the Lord came unto me saying, "Son of man, speak to the children of thy people and say unto them, when I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land, take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchmen. If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow the trumpet and warn the people, then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning. If the sword come and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. He heard the sound of the trumpet and took not warning, his blood shall be upon him, but he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, thank you for this word, this true word, Lord, that you've delivered to us. We appreciate everything you've done. Lord, we ask for the next few moments if you'd just speak to our hearts. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And you can be seated. I was on the plane. I read this and of course it's about the watchman. Another translation of this in the Hebrew uh is a spy. It's someone who watches out. It's someone who warns. And the Bible says that Ezekiel here, son of man, of course, we know that's prophet. And he's talking to Ezekiel and he says, "Speak to the children of the people." And when I bring the sword, almost like a warning. I'm going to bring the sword. And it doesn't say what type of sword. It could be the Chaldian sword, the Babylonian, the Assyrians, the Egyptians. He doesn't say it could be the sword of famine. Could be the sword of sickness. It could just be a sort of an unholiness getting into the church. It could be a sort of lax uh laxidasical living, a sort of, you know, we're starting to let the bars down. And so he sees the sword coming. God says, "I'm going to send the sword." But you know, the people of the land, if they take a man and they put him up and they make that man their watchman and and notice he's this watchman he set forth, he's a spy and he sees. In other words, he's the first one to see. Not that the people couldn't see, not that the wise person couldn't notice, but the watchman has been set there for the purpose of watching out for the sword or something coming or something he needs to warn about. And he's set up maybe a little bit higher. He might be on the wall of the city or in a tower somewhere where he can see. and and and it says here on the coast and in the Spanish translation it says just take a man from the territory or from the border area someone who's there and he can keep a lookout. So now he's in a high place and he's keeping a lookout and he's in a location that he can see the thing coming maybe before anybody else can see it. We'd like to say he might be like a prophet. He might be a seer. He might just be someone who has discernment and he and he's put there and he can see that something might be coming. And then he says, "And he and and when he sees the sword come, he blows the trumpet. It's a trumpet that's a it's a warning sound. It's a trumpet to warn the people, Ezekiel said. So So now he sees something coming and and he's been put there to see something coming and and he sees it coming and he blows the trumpet and the trumpet's for a purpose. Now the purpose is to warn you." Now that's for nowadays. It's not just for Hebrew days, but but you know, a pastor, a minister, or or a man over a house, a a sister over her family. She sees her children playing in the street and and she and she blows the trumpet. It might be her own voice. It might be it might be the trumpet of her belt, but she blows the trumpet and and she warns the child to get out of the street. And and a minister comes to the church and he might not even know what's going on. You know, you know, in reality, he might see nothing. He just might have some notes. And and then he begins to preach. And and as he preaches, God is speaking through him because he's been put there as as to warn the people. And and so the Holy Ghost says, "Now Peter says it like this in in second Peter, if you've been reading in the Bible lately, he says in Peter, he says the Holy Spirit speaks through the preachers, the ministers." So now the Holy Spirit's speaking and he's warning the people. And and he might, you know, the last four ministers that have come here, I I pray that that that's what happened. that that they warned you about a spirit getting into the church and and and they and they said, "Listen, there there's something coming. It's a sword. Now, we're warning you." And and so when a minister, when a father of a home, when when you see something in a home, you must warn the people about it. If you love the people, imagine the the watchman would be seeing the the sword come the Babylonians are entering in and not say nothing. What kind of care would that show for the people? But he must cry out against what he sees coming. And then you know what? You know, here's the thing. He He's got to love his own soul. And if he loves his own soul, he cries out. Even though he he loves the soul of the people, God tells them, listen, if you blow the sword and they don't take heed, it's not your fault. &gt;&gt; It's not your fault. Notice, let's just read that again. Now, whosoever verse four hears the sound of the trumpet and does not take warning, if the sword come and smites him or takes him away, his blood shall be as on his own head. In other words, the word has gone forth. And the word has gone forth today. We couldn't deny that the word has not gone forth. Listen, a prophetic word has gone forth today. And we can't deny that it did come forth. The word went forth and it warned us. And if we don't take heed, the blood is on our own head. That's what the word says. Okay. He now listened though. He says he heard the sound of the trumpet, he took not warning. Verse 5, his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning delivers his own soul. So now the the the trumpeter, the the the the prophet, the minister, he has to do his job. And guess what the you know the Lord tells I think it's Jeremiah he says listen couple first couple chapters of Jeremiah he says listen Jeremiah you're going to go and you're going to cry out against them but they're not going to listen to you and he and every prophet said hey Moses guess what you're going to cry out and they're not going to listen to you Jeremiah you're going to speak and they're not it's going to be sad and imagine telling a prophet ahead of time speak what I say but they're not going to listen you know their forehead's going to become like a diamond. He says, "But guess or like a strong stone," he says, "but your word is going to be like a diamond. Against that strong stone, it'll break it." So, they're not going to So, Ezekiel's kind of in the same boat. Listen, Ezekiel, go and cry out and and I pray that they take warning. But if they don't, they'll know a prophet's been among them. Listen. But if the watchmen see the sword come and blow not the trumpet, the people be not warned. If the sword come and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity. Why is it his iniquity? Because he knew that it was there. He had warning it. He had been warned ahead of time. And he knew that the sword was coming, whatever sword it might be. You know, uh sometimes we we we preach hard against, you know, coming to church or the way people dress or or the the things that you look at on your phone and and we might preach hard against it. Well, guess what? We have to. We cannot. Now, we cannot say something when the spirits of this age are coming against the bride of Christ to try and distract you from the rapture that is to come. How could we not say something if we have a fire burning in our belly? How could it not come forth? Of course, it has to come forth. But he says, but if the watchman, he sees it, he blows none. The people aren't warned. And and he says, he's taken away in his iniquity, but his blood will I require the watchman's hand. Why? He he didn't he didn't warn him. So thou, son of man, I've set thee a watchman unto the house of Israel. Therefore, thou shalt hear the word at my mouth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, now notice how a prophet hears. You'll hear. Thou son of man, prophet, I've set you a watchman unto the house of it. You're the one at the post and you're watching. You're the You're in the tower and you see the sword coming and and you're going to hear it now. It's not just going to be you. You see, you're going to hear the sword coming and it's like from my mouth to your ear and you'll warn them, but it won't be your words warning them. It'll be my word warning them. God is now speaking. Ezekiel's Ezekiel's words, you know, he his his vocal cords are what's coming coming through the sound waves, but it's the Holy Spirit of God speaking through that man, that prophetic voice. When I say to the wicked, oh wicked man, thou shalt surely die. If thou does if thou does not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity, but his blood will I require your hand. Listen, if I say something wicked man, now Ezekiel, this is like life and death for Ezekiel. It's not a joke. When God speaks to a prophet, why is a prophet so why did he talk so hard, brother Steve? Why why are those messages so difficult? Guess what? It was life and death for him. And and and even if he went a little bit and say he went a little bit to the lost side, guess what? It was life and death for him. And the the the matter was to save the soul of the saints. And so so now it just wasn't, you know, oh, he heard and you know, his nature was a little hard. No, no, no. It was life on one side, death on the other side, in the middle of razor's edge, and he had to speak it difficultly otherwise it wouldn't have saved the souls that it would save. Amen. And so now in verse 9 it says, "Nevertheless, if you warn the wicked from his way to turn from it. If you do not turn, he'll die in his iniquity. But you've delivered your soul, life and death." But now, what does God what's the purpose that God is trying to do here? He says, "Listen, son of man, speak to the house of Israel. Thus ye speak saying if our transgressions and our sins be upon us and we pine away in them that means how you know we stay we're consumed away in them how should we then live say unto them does listen what God has a question here because his point is not just warn them and they'll die anyway his point is warn them I really want them to turn from their wicked ways he wants you to turn he he sends out a warning and And he wants you to to turn around and start going the other way. If you're if you're going the wrong way, he's a God of grace. And he's a God of great mercy. Great. He's rich in mercy. Oh, I like the way brother Ryan said it. But he's exceedingly rich in grace. Praise God. So now his point is, listen, do I have pleasure in the death of the wicked? He says, I have no pleasure, &gt;&gt; but the wicked turn from his way and live. Turn, he repeats it. Turn from your evil ways, for why will you die, oh house of Israel? Even today, the voice of God is crying out. There are voices that are that are crying out. And many of those voices are lived voices. It's like I don't have the quote today, but it says that it says there, oh, there's voices today, and they're living voices. They're lively stones. They're they're living a message before the people and and they're living a message of holiness. you know, they don't decorate themselves in in apparel that they shouldn't decorate. And and and their faces are are clean and pure and and their hair has the glory of global upon it. And what are they doing? They're living. It's a lived voice. And brother Benham says it like this. It's the thunder that shakes the devil. What is it? Thousands of voices living the bride of Christ living the message of the hour. Oh my. So there's So that's the voice. And maybe the wicked would just see that voice. your voice and turn from their from their way. Now he says, I don't have any I don't want the I don't have any pleasure in the death. Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of your people, the righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression. What an interesting thought. The righteousness of the righteous, it won't deliver him. Say just Isaiah might say it like this. Your righteousness filthy rags. And if you look up that filthy rags, it's about as filthy as you could have a thought of being filthy. It's filthy rags. And so that's your righteousness. So, so that will not deliver you. And as for the wickedness of the wicked, he'll not fall. Why won't he fall in the day that he turns from his wickedness? So now the wicked, he's going the wrong direction. You know, this would be the wrong direction, per se. And he's going the wrong He's wicked. But you know in the day that he would turn from his wickedness that he'll be delivered in that day and the righteousness you know he'll be going along but you know if he turns the other way his righteousness that he went along forever you know and ever but he turned and went wicked just even at the last moment he'll fall with the wicked. Oh but the the wicked if he'll just turn he'll be delivered. Neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinnth. When I say to the righteous, he that sure he that he shall surely live, if he trusts to his own righteousness and commit iniquity, all his righteousness shall not be remembered. But for his iniquity that he hath committed, she shall die for it. Again, when I say to the wicked, thou shalt surely die. Notice, if he turned from his sin and he do that which is right and he do that which is lawful, God doesn't have any pleasure and that the wicked wouldn't turn and die. He He desires that the wicked Therefore, he set watchmen up to warn us in that day. Again, when I said to the wicked, thou shalt surely die if he turn from his sin and do that which is lawful and right. If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he has robbed. walk in the statutes of life without committing iniquity. He shall surely live. &gt;&gt; He shall not die. Notice none of his sins. &gt;&gt; What a great thought there. So, he just been wicked. I don't know how long he was wicked, but but you know, if he'll turn and and he won't return to his iniquity and he'll live in that that that life, then none of those sins that he committed, none of them will be accounted to him. He's acquitted of all of those. If you just turn in a moment, everything that he did there, it's not accounted to him. None of his sins shall be mentioned unto him. He that has done which is lawful and right, he'll surely live. What a great thought this morning. If you've been going the wrong way for years or or or ages or decades, listen, turn from your evil way. And none of those sins. Oh, not that you know, I lived evil for 10 years. Now I got to live righteous for 10 years. You might die tomorrow. You might have you might have lived evil 70 years. You might die tomorrow. But if you turn to this afternoon, none of that evil would be remembered. It'll just be a blank spot on tape and only the purity of God Almighty will shine forward. Oh, it's a beautiful thought. It reminds me, Sister Liberty, I know I've told it before. I wanted to go fishing one time. Well, I want to go fishing a lot of times, but this particular time and I got William and Liberty into the truck and we're all ready to go fishing and I had my cup of coffee, you know. about three times that big. It was a big cup. Like I put it in the truck and I put it on the center console and I went back inside. When I come out, you know, I don't know whose fault it was, William. It was her fault. It was Liberty's fault. Anyways, it it was spilled center console, you know, my fairly new truck and and all over the center console and all over the floor and just, you know, coffee with cream. Just the most just just you can imagine just how that would make you feel. How? And I was just so I came out so upset and I and I just, you know, just like, you know, a dad, you know, sometimes you brothers know what I'm talking. Thank you, brother Brandon. I got one. Praise the Lord. You know, I got I got a little I got a little upset, Brother Paul. And I got angry and I yelled at him and and then we spent 20 minutes cleaning up. Get a rag. Get some water. You know, we cleaned it all up and got back in the truck. Let's go. And I got sat down the driver's seat. And here's Liberty sitting outside the truck. No, Liberty. Come on. We're going. No. What do you mean no? No, I can't, Dad. What do you mean, no you can't? I can't go fishing with Dad cuz I spilled coffee in this truck. I'm not worthy to go fishing. Sister arose. It punched me right here. It made me cry. What do you mean? You made a mistake. Now you can't. And it hurt. It really hurt me. I actually started crying when I when I told her to get in the truck. And then I said, "You listen." If you don't ever hear another word, your dad says, "You listen to me. Don't ever think because of your mistake that you're no longer worthy. You just ask forgiveness. Get in the truck. Let's go fishing." But see, with what we do as Christians, many times we I made a mistake. I'm not worthy to eat it. See, what Satan will do is you're not worthy to get down and pray. He knows the very moment you get down and pray and ask for forgiveness. Oh, that's none of those sins are remembered anymore. So, that's see the best thing you ought to do is get down and and ask God to forgive you and then go fishing with God. Go fishing for souls with God. That's really what he wants. He don't want you to go fishing for fish. He wants you fishing for souls. Repent of your evil way. None of that's remembered when you walk forward with God Almighty. I mean, it just strikes me things that that that I had put in her mind cuz I now it's me. it's my fault. Throughout, you know, life, you know, as a father, you know, we yell at our children, we get upset, we're just human, and and then, you know, they get in their mind that that because they do good, they can do things, and because they do bad, they can't do things. And and, you know, there's some there that, okay, I understand it, but but, you know, then we get that too much in our mind. But, but with God, it's just as simple as Lord, forgive me. Help me to do better. None of the sins is remembered anymore. So, now, you know, we got to watch what we put into our children. Raise them up in a nurture and the admonition of God Almighty. Praise God. Okay. None of his sins. Yeah. The children of your people will say, "The way of the Lord is not equal." &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's you know, it's really a paradox, isn't it? Cuz a wicked could live wicked his whole life. In a man's eyes, it's not equal. It's not. But he's looking on the inside faith seed, the seed chain that God placed on the inside. And no, it's not equal, you know, cuz he walks his whole life. He walks, you know, wickedness, wickedness, but you know, he turns from his way. And then, no, it's not equal. Cuz if you look at man's eyes, the the time that's been allotted to wickedness, it's been exceeding. Oh, but if you look at the sea chain on the inside, that that that white germ that God puts there, the purified seed of God, the blood of Jesus Christ, no, it's not equal. Oh, but God says, "Listen, your way is not equal, but my way is equal." If you just need to get your mind around the equaleness of God, let me tell you, it's equal, cuz that CG equals God Almighty. That's the equaleness of God. Oh my, I come fresh. The CGing equals the Lord Jesus Christ. You understand? Equal no wickedness. Wickedness will never equal God. But that seed equals the Lord Jesus Christ. There's an equality there. If you want equality, praise God. No, the Lord's not equal. But God says, "No, their way is not equal." No, let me tell you why. Cuz wickedness, wickedness will never equal God. But if God, you know, if you just turn from your way, if you just acknowledge that God has spoken to your, then there's an equality of God. Now, when the righteous turns from his righteousness, he commits iniquity, he'll die. So notice so now doesn't now you're looking at your filthy rag righteousness not that God God wants you to live righteous it's sh it's it's thunder that shakes the devil a righteous life a holy life it speaks voice of thunder it's thunder but it must be his righteousness not your own yet say the way of the Lord is verse 20 the way of the Lord is not Oh ye house of Israel, I will judge you everyone after his ways. Notice now, now Ezekiel's been talking here as he'd been warning and then all of a sudden there's this transition and it says, "And it come to pass in the 12th year of our captivity in the 10th month, the fifth day of the month, that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came unto me saying, the city is smitten." Notice now Ezekiel is he he's in a vision and now he's back into like reality and and the and he's been warning Israel the city is going to be smitten and many did not turn from their ways and now comes a voice saying the city has been smitten. It's the Lord has judged it now the hand of the Lord was upon me in the evening before he that was escaped came and had opened my mouth until he came to me in the morning and my mouth was open and I was no more dumb. There was a moment here he had cried out against Israel. He had cried out and the Lord told him, "They're not going to listen." He cried out and then at some point there was a quietness. There was a he become like a mute. There was nothing more. And then Israel was smitten and the man comes to him and now he's open again. And and he begins to speak. And he says, "The Lord the word of the Lord came unto me saying, son of man, they that inhabit those waste of the land, those waste of the land of Israel speak, saying Abraham was one and he inherited the land, but we are many. The land is given to us for inheritance. So now whoever would come in and take over the land, they're now, you know, acknowledging that Abraham was was one, but you know, we're many. They're saying this, you know, our land now. But the God says, "Say unto them, thus sayeth the Lord God, you eat with the blood and lift up your eyes towards idols and shed blood, and shall ye possess the land. You stand upon your sword, you work abomination, you defile everyone his neighbor's wife, and shall ye possess the land. shall say thou thus unto them. Thus sayeth the Lord God, as I live, surely they that are in the way shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beast to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence. You notice if you read Ezekiel and and Daniel, if you read those prophetic, even the ones that would come in and and and Nebuchadnezzar, whoever it might be, they would they would they would they would get pompous and prideful and they would say, "See, we're greater than Israel." and they would begin to lift them up and Lord that God would say to them listen because you lifted yourself out you're going to be come down too and man just has that thing that prideful thing like we spoke a couple weeks ago you know even Jerusalem and Sodom they they they died in their own pride and they they fought they become great but God is the one that will be glorified above all he's the one that did it all if he takes down one if he puts up another he's the one that did it he's the one that deserves deserves all the glory, the honor, and the praise. Hallelujah. For I will lay the land most desolate, and the pomp of her strength shall cease, and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate that none shall pass through. God's acknowledging, listen, you think you're great. I'm going to tear it down. It's going to be desolate once again, and they'll know that I'm the Lord. When I've laid the land most desol desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed. Praise the Lord. What a great, you know, just that chapter there as I read it on the plane, you know, we're at 30,000 ft and we're flying out of Cusco and and it began, God began to speak to me there and I began to and all of a sudden I got to verse 30 and it was like, Steve, pay attention. And it was literally like that. I didn't hear an audible voice, nothing like that, but I knew God was now, you know, he had been talking, but now it was something different. And I read verse 30, and we'll read it here. And it says this also th now again a transition now also now. So he's taking Ezekiel and he's saying, "Thou son of man, the children of your people still are talking against thee by the walls. Ezekiel, your people, the Jews, Hebrews, they're talking against you. And in the doors of the houses, they speak one to another, everyone to his brother, saying, "Come, I pray you, and hear what is the word that cometh forth from the Lord." And that's odd, isn't it? Ezekiel, listen. They're talking against you, saying, "Come hear what the Lord says." It don't even seem to make sense. If I would be like, "Hey, come here, brother Brandon." You know, he's talking, "Come, come hear what the Lord is saying through Brother Brandon." And that would be talking against him. It would seem seem like I'm promoting what the brother is saying. But now, this is very, very peculiar, very interesting how God is. See, God doesn't see what you say with your mouth, but he sees on the inside. You might say, "Hey, come here." What a prophet says. But on the inside, if you don't meet it, God sees that thing on the inside, that very that seed on the inside. Oh, I want to, you know, I want to go to church today. You know, I really want to worship the Lord. With down in the inside, you just want to see your brother and sister and shake their hand. God sees that. It's like that. Oh, let's go to church, everybody. Let's go to church. For what purpose? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Would you come here to see Brother Steve? Hopefully not. to see brother Donald to hear brother William play. I mean, is that is that what it was? Oh, I love Brother Ryan's piano playing. Just so beautiful. Is that what it was? Come here, brother Ryan. But you're really on the inside. You better hear what you better have come here to hear what God has to say this morning. You better have come here to worship God. If otherwise you're talking against him, even if you're saying come here what he says. Well, it's uh the King James translators, they really nailed it on this one. Praise the Lord. now and they speak one come hear what's the word of the Lord and they come before thee they come Ezekiel they're coming before thee as as people come and they said before thee as my people and they hear your words but they will not do them for with their mouth they show forth much Hebrew has four words for love this is a sensual emotional love with your words it's like Oh, we're all excited to go to church. Get all emotionally lifted up and and oh, it's just we just really, you know, with a sensual love, we we love No, no, no. They see they with their mouth, they say, "Oh, come here, brother Ezekiel." Beautiful words when he speaks. It's it's such a prophetic. It's such a great warning. You know, it's such a great trumpet that Ezekiel, but their heart goes after covetousness. They're talking against you. They say come, they they say and I and and I'm reading this literally I'm reading this at at 30,000 ft and it's hitting me like, you know, just it's hitting me uh in a strong way. And in verse 32, it says, "And lo, thou art unto them as a very lovely song, you know, is one that's got a pleasant voice." Give me just a song. It's just so beautiful to hear and it's pleasant and and you know, someone who could play well. They they hear your words, but they don't do them. In Spanish, it says they don't put them to work. In other words, your words, they don't put them to work. And when this come to pass, and it will come. Notice, then shall they know that a prophet has been among them. And it's a it's a rebuke, saints. I know it's it's a it's a harsh rebuke, but it's a true saying. We ought to always check. What is it? Is it just I I love listening to a message cuz I just it's a sweet voice. What about putting those words to work in your life? What? Well, I just like reading my Bible. You know, the Proverbs are very good. Yeah. What about, you know, you ought to love your enemy and you ought to pray for them that despitefully use you and and you those that persecute you, you ought to love them. and and those that hate. You know, by this will men know that you're my disciples when you distance yourself one from another. I don't think it says that. It says when you love one another. But listen, Ezekiel, these things will come to pass. Listen, when Los Angeles sinks into the ocean, &gt;&gt; when when a bomb falls on Rome, &gt;&gt; when there's a break between the pact of Rome and the Jews, when a br when there's a resurrection and and you know, saints of old are walking around, they are going to know that a prophet has been among them. They're going to know that a prophetic voice, a watchman was sent. He sounded the trumpet. Why would we not want to do it this morning? They're not just sweet words. It's not just a lovely song, saints. It's a warning that God is sending judgment on the earth. And there's only one way of escape, the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And I began to read this and it just hit me. And I began to say, "This is the truth in my spirit." And then it was at the same time a rebuke. What am I doing? What am I doing? What am I doing for you, Lord? What is this? You know, I believe, but is my heart chasing its own desires? Do am I saying, "Oh, it's sweet, but do am I going after? Is it a song?" Do I enjoy the delivery, the sound, the feeling, but do I let the message transform me? &gt;&gt; Lord God, &gt;&gt; it's a sweet message. It's beautiful. It's strong. It's powerful. But but do I allow it to sink deep into my heart and actually change me? Otherwise, it's just entertainment and not repentance. I don't want to be entertained this morning. He says, I do want to be entertained by the Lord Jesus Christ, but I just don't want to have a good time in church. I want my heart, the message to transform my soul cuz they are going to know when the word is fulfilled. For many, it will be too late that a prophet has been among them. It's a somber warning, but it shows up not to discourage, you know, just to warn and protect you, awaken you. Maybe it's getting late. And I hit me and I opened up. Matias was sitting next to me on the plane. He could witness this. I I opened up and I just wanted to read it, you know, and understand it fully. And so I'm reading it and I I took those four verses from verse 30 to 33. And I opened it up and I read it to Mias and we read it in three or four different translations there understanding it. And this is like 9:30 10:00 two Sundays ago. And then we landed in Lima and I, you know, obviously went to the hotel there, went to bed and I wake up the next morning. We went to bed about 11:15 and I wake up the next morning and a brother had sent me a message at 11:26. Maybe I'd been to bed like 10 minutes and I get this message from a brother. Brother Chase, pull up the last slide there. It's a screenshot. This is the message I got from brother Anesto Bunda. I'm going to read it. It might be small writing there. He sends me a message maybe once a month. I'll go months without hearing from him. Maybe once a month I get a message. Maybe. Brother Barunda was in Brother Bram's meetings in the 50s and 60s. His father was healed. He's 83 years old. I think he's a very, very good brother, spiritual brother. And he sends me a message. Wow. I'm I'm sending you four timely verses that struck me hard at several levels. The odds of that are are according to Chad GBT, one in 31,000. Is it not even, you know, it's impossible. basically is impossible that I would focus on these four verses and I would say Matias look at these and we read them and we'd study them and and it would impact me and literally minutes after I would go to sleep the brother would send me not you know a verse not two verses no he he wouldn't send me you know something similar in in Revelation or in Daniel or something he would send me the exact four verses and I think it's a warning to this church and to every member of the bride of Christ. Listen, these things, it's not just lovely words. It's not just a pretty song. It's not just a nice instrument, but it's God speaking to a generation. You're going to know that a prophet's been among you. You accept it or reject it. It's not on me. It's on me to tell you there's been one, and it's up to you to decide what you do with the information. But a warning of judgment has come. And not just a warning, but he's told you how to live. He's told you how to act. He's told you how to treat one another. Told you how to love one another. He's told you how to treat your brothers. He's told you how to deal with situations in a church and how to how to handle your families, how to dress all these things. Why would you not listen the exact four verses that I just wrote the I was in shock. I was having a ministers meeting in Lima that afternoon. And we were going to brother Skavarosis and we were going to talk to him and and I went and I told the brothers around the table I said listen and this happened last night and they know him like brother Barunda has been to their church of all the churches he's been to their church. I said listen these eight or nine brothers here the reason the reason we're here is cuz we believe that we're taught to gather and get together and fellowship. And if we don't do it, shame on us. We're not doing what he said. But we saints, we got to put to work what God's prophet has watched him and taught us. Why would we not, you know, put to work what he taught us. We must do it. And I brought the brother back. Forgive me. I'll pull it up. My my response on the phone. Now listen. I thought, now brother, that was so encouraging. I that was so miraculous. And I just began to testify to him. Then I I showed him a video of me telling all the brothers what had happened the next day and he and he writes me back. He's 83. He's been a Christian. &gt;&gt; I I don't know 60 70 years. God bless you in your missionary work. I needed that &gt;&gt; to hear that from you. &gt;&gt; Last night I was praying just prior to sleeping along this line. Lord, I feel I'm getting amnesia. Starting to forget that I'm a son of God. Please help. Listen, I'm talking about like I don't see Brother Bob here. Brother Bob, you know, Brother Bob, you know, Brother Bob might need a little encouragement from you. No, he's 86. I forget how old brother Bob is, but but you know, Satan comes after everyone from the littlest to the greatest. And I've been so blessed by this brother's message to me. You know, here's a couple verses, Brother Steve. And it just blessed me so much. It's like a boost of energy I needed. And and then yet it was for him. I needed that. I forgot. How could you forget, brother Barunda? You're a son of God. I've done the same thing, Brother Barunda. I forgot a lot of times. And it was for him to help him out. And then, you know, he's helping me. And you know what it is? It's the quote from the bulletin this morning. Where's Jesus? Let me tell you where Jesus is. He's right there. And he's right there. And he's right there. And he's all over the building. And you know, he's dressed normal, but it's Jesus Christ that sieging on the inside of you. It's you. It's Jesus Christ and and you can be Christ to me and I can be Christ back to you. Oh, he said, "Brother Steve, your message, I read it this morning, your video, I it revitalized me &gt;&gt; going through a rough patch. I love you, but and so so he so he needed help. You know what? You know what it was probably like? You know, God was talking to Michael up there just dramatizing a little bit. You know, Michael, why don't you send that to brother there?" these two brothers, you know, they're going to be in a rough spot for the next week. Why don't you just give them a little boost? And they go down there and all of a sudden, we both got revitalized. What was it? Something on the inside of both of us. It was in a deep in Peru at 30,000 ft above Lima and it was a deep in Phoenix, you know, and a brother just needing help and they were calling to each other and there was a great connection. Just a couple quotes and then we'll close. Again, the coming of a prophet is a sign. Did you know that the coming of a prophet to the age is a sign? Now, I don't mean a doctor of divinity. I don't mean some loyal pastor, some good person. That's fine. They're God's servants. But a prophet is a sign. The Bible says so here. What's the What's the the sign of? It's a sign that his word is fixing to fulfill. Notice, see, it's his word fixing to be fulfilled by the voice of this prophet sign. Notice the coming of a prophet. It's a warning sign of judgment at hand. Did you know that judgment is ready to strike if there's a prophet in the land? The sign is to attract the attention and get the elected ready and out of the way before. Oh, I love that. I want to be ready and out of the way before judgment strikes. That's what Noah did. Got the elected ready. The rest of them, what does it do? The sign. And the voice of the sign condemns the unbeliever. Gets him ready for judgment. It gets the elected ready for the escape. That's what the sign is. That's what signs are giving given for for the coming judgment to the elected. They see it. So now it's got multiple purpose. It's allow it's it's getting the unbeliever ready cuz judgment is coming. And it's dressing the bride to escape the very same judgment. Like the little woman with a pure heart and a defiled body and the Pharisee with a pure body and a defiled heart. Which one would you rather have this morning? It condemned one and saved the other. And the very judgment that St. Moses condemned the world. His preaching, it gets the elected ready. What is the elected ready for? When they see a God-scent sign, they look back in the scripture and see if it's supposed to be there. Yep. Here it is. What is it? Pending judgment. Then the elected listens to the voice. See, that's what it does. Not now. Listen. In Hebrew, it just doesn't mean you heard it, but it means you you obeyed it. I have the musicians come this morning. So when that when that voice come forward listening true listening is doing what the voice said. Now in the days of the prophets what happened? They did the same thing. They didn't recognize them till they had done come ministry had finished took out of that the elected and then after they were gone they recognized that there had been a prophet among them. One more quick testimony. We're you can stand with me this morning. We're in the we're in this one. We had to have a questions and answer service. We didn't have to have it, but we were going to have one and all of a sudden it started raining and worse, you know, it was a it was a metal roof and so you couldn't hear nothing. It was pounding. It was the rain in that video just pounding pounding. Couldn't hear nothing and couldn't even get to the church. And then on top of that, we wouldn't be able to leave where we were going because the roads, those treacherous mountain roads with rain just slide off the hill. And I began to think in my heart, could God stop the rain? Then I thought, what's my motive for God stopping the rain? Well, my motive is I would like to have a questions and answer service and help these brothers and sisters out if they need help and I would like to get down so we can continue the mission work. My motive I thought Lord my motives is right and I begin to pray and rebuke that storm and God is my witness and the brothers there within 10 minutes perfectly quiet within 10 minutes and beyond that there was rain programmed or what do you call it? uh predicted all night and we were driving all night and our chauffeur said no. He said it's got a chauffeur that's a Spanish word for driver. Our driver said it, you know, if it rains we're not going to be able to go and it's planning to rain all night. The rain stopped about 5:00 and did not rain until we got to our talking jungle saints. We're not talking about Flagstaff where it doesn't rain. It rains every day. It stopped before the questions and answers and did not reign until we got to our destination. God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above what you ask him for something. He can do exceedingly above whatever you ask or imagine. Praise the Lord. What is it, Brother Ryan? Make it. He already said, Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Amen. We'll sing one more time. Brother Joe, would you mind dismissing us in a word of prayer? Praise the Lord. also be mad if I did this. Best, well, I say the best cheerleader cuz she's cheering on her son. One of the best cheerleaders in the church. It's her birthday today. So, you feel free to acknowledge her. She's 29 and holding for the last few years. So, happy birthday to our sister. We'll sing that. I'm going to make it already. Heat up here. been real good to be here with each one of you, my parents and all. Let's just bow our heads. Dear God, we're just so thankful to be in church this morning and to see and hear what you're doing over in Peru. Lord, our heart goes back to the time when we were there together and just like Matias, Lord, they just boost you up, Lord, how they put their trust in you and believe this same message, Lord. And we know it's going home time and to hear these encouraging words, God, we just want to be right with you. We can only make it, Lord, with your righteousness. We can only go through, Lord, as you would take us. And so, we put our complete trust in you. We know that Moses there in Egypt's great economy, Father. You had placed him there and he was putting his trust in that power and those armies and that knowledge that he had, but then you took him on the back side of the desert. You took away his family. You took away his prestige and you humbled him, Lord, and that he would put he would meet that pillar of fire, God, as we have seen it here in these last days, and that he'd have to put his entire trust in you. And he'd go back, Lord, with just a staff and that you had delivered a people, oh God. And so we put all of our hope, our trust in your hands this morning. You sent this message and it all of our hope Lord is in you as we want to hear the voice, accept it, and not just hear, Lord. We know the devil will hear and believe and tremble, but may we be doers of this great gospel, Lord, with by your mercy and grace. We're so thankful and encouraged today. We're part of that bride, Lord, and we're thankful to to be here. We're appreciative of each one, Lord. We just put all of our hope, our trust in your hands. And we're missing some traveling, Lord. Some down under the weather here and at home, Lord. And so, we pray for each one of those to receive from you, Lord. We pray for more power, more Lord, where we might have unbelief, we pray you draw drive it far from us. Oh God, we love you and thank you for each one. Go with us now in the precious and mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. All God's people say, amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just one more time before we dismiss, just real quietly. And if you haven't made this con consecration that brother Steve was talking about or received the Holy Ghost, today could be your day. Oh, he Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, Amen. Amen. Of course, we've been made more than callers as we're getting ready to dismiss. And I watched that video and brother Gerald, you could probably hear I think you're the only one here could tell us. But I sat and I've only been told the story, but the little body in Prescuit did the same thing as the prophet left. As I understand it, is that not true? Stood and sang till we meet again. And if you've never been there, it's he crossed a little bridge. I think it's so brought back memories till we meet again per chance. We've been made more than conquerors. God be with you, keep you till we see again. We've been made more than conqueror. overcomes in the even victorious Jesus Christ. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
