################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-10 - Wednesday Evening Service - December 10, 2025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-10
Title:   Wednesday Evening Service - December 10, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MI-3_d4aVEA
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Oh, you are Oh, heat. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. Stand adore sinners saved by grace. We bow before your face, offering nothing but praises unto you, Lord. Amen. Lord, bless each one of you this evening. I uh I read that last verse and Lord, all I want to do is praise you just once more, just with lips, just praise you. Amen. Amen. Cammy, if we could uh sing um be it unto me, be it unto me according to your word. Amen. unto me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand secure. of upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to the word of Lord be it unto me unto me according to your word according to your promisey Es I can stand secure upon my heart the truth that sets me free to the world to me and bless you this evening. I welcome you to the house of the Lord. saw a visiting brother there from brother Beard's church in Missouri. Just want to welcome you, brother Larry, I believe. So, uh, we're going to have prayer service this evening. So, we'll take our prayer requests at that time. And let's just bow our heads and open in a word of prayer this evening. Heavenly Father, Lord, we bow before you and we acknowledge your presence, Lord, here this evening and we want to tell you how much we love you and Lord, we appreciate being a part of you. And Lord, you're a part of us. And Lord, you brought us here to this little fellowship this evening, Lord, to worship you and spirit, Lord, and in truth and to glorify your name and to praise you as the song says, Lord. So would you be with us this evening, Father? Would you speak to us through your word, Lord? Would you open that word to us and reveal not ourselves, Lord, but yourself to us even more? We know you're inside of us, Lord. You're dwelling in us and all around us. and we want to feel your presence once again this evening. So we invite you into the service to be the most important, the honored and special guest be with us. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. As we are just seated, let's sing that little chorus once again. Be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises, I can stand secure. Carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free. according to your word, oh Lord, be it unto me. Amen. Amen. A little chorus if we can. You know what? No. Lord, please. Number 309. We haven't sang in a while. In the garden. Yeah. Come to the garden alone. Amen. Amen. You know, I haven't looked at it. I'm sure brother Steve have has. But Caitlyn uh sent to me the little uh deal they made for the Christmas program of last year. And uh she said what was amazing is how much change happened in a year just listening just looking. My dad healthy talk good. This year God has him not talking as well. And so my point being is you took heart to it was that it was uh I don't know what tomorrow holds. So I'm gonna do everything I can today. And that's one thing I know about my dad. Just that you all know he does not have any regrets from day to day. He did his best. He's doing his best today. And that's the best thing. I come to the garden alone while the de is still on the roses. Amen. I come to the garden alone while the D is still on the road and the voice I hear falling on. I the son of God is with me. Heat. Heat. Heat. In the joy we share as we know the sound of Heat. Heat. Oh man to me within my heart is free. And he was with me and he with me. Tell me the joy we share. Every day there has Never around me is me. Oh, and he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his and the joy we share as we dare be there as ever. Amen. Amen. And amen. Number 670 uh 675. And to give a testimony of that song I've written down at the top here. Um and it goes right along with the songs that I didn't even know it. But brother Brennham says the first thing that Cain did wrong was he went out from the presence of God. I didn't even I wrote it at the top here and then I wrote down in the garden. So maybe it's just confirmation for me. Whatever I do, do not go out from the presence of God because that's where you get in trouble. 675. Amen. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Thank you, Lord. I I love how he just Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. whole infinity and pride. Sharing my Lord was to knowing I was Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Amen. Yes. Amen. Amen. You know what? I cut myself off and I knew I shouldn't have. We're going to sing that same verse that this the number five. Oh yes, that's the one. Oh, the love that drew salvation's plan. Amen. And every time I read the scripture in the morning, every time I think about him during the day, I can't help but think of this great plan that he did. What a mighty golf. I wish I had words like this. I can't pin them, but I can sing them. Amen. Amen. Oh, the love that drew salvation. Oh, the love that drew salvation. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Are we taking all my words at a brother for tonight? You bless these tongues, Lord. In your beautiful name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Sister Pauline, you put up some uh announcements that I forgot to make on Sunday. Can we have those again? Thank you if that's possible. Thank you so much for that. Amen. Every day with Jesus. Amen. And want to make mention brother Castile will be coming Lord willing on December 21st the children's program and lunch provided in the fellowship hall also on that 21st. Wednesday the 31st wash night service uh will be held at 10:30 p.m. That's Wednesday the 31st. Amen. Every day with Jesus every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Oh Jesus. I love you more and more. He keeps me away. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus every day I he is than the day before. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Did any brothers, brother Thomas getting ready? Did anybody have something happened to him today that was just they want the whole body of Christ to know? Did anybody have anything happen to him? Well, then I did. And I don't say this as a joke. I had another breath. &gt;&gt; I really did. I've been to the point where I remember what it's like to to pass out and not even know I did it &gt;&gt; and not even know anything about it. So, I had another breath. And I mean that to goodness. &gt;&gt; Besides that, Brother Jerry Paul saw me and he called me and he just made my day. So, amen. Lord bless you all. Note to self, make sure it's plugged in all the way. Yeah, we sang this today at the Peaks. Brother Jim was there. It's good to see Brother Jim. And I just thought, man, I haven't sang this in a long time. Sister Victoria is not here. She's the one who always asked for it. But uh trust this blesses you. It was early in the day and I was sick and feeling ill. Daddy and the kids was all out working in the field. Just then, mama called my name as she stared out the door. Just outside there stood an old man. we had never seen before. He said, "My wife and I are passing through. We'll soon be on our way. If you could only spare some water from the well, we'd gladly pay." And I never will forget how mama warmed them with a smile. And though I knew our stores was empty, she said, "Won't you stay a while?" We didn't have a lot, but what we had we'd freely give. Didn't God give up his only son to die that we might live? When it seems there's none despair, remember there is always just enough to share. Thereby some have entertained angels unawares. Mama offered them some coffee. Then she picked them up a meal. And as I looked at that man, his eyes were blue as steel. And with his sunburn face and snow white hair, he talked about the Lord. And when I looked into his eyes, I realized this man was something more. Now the day was growing late. He said, "It's time for us to go." And they walked out through the gate into a low spot in the road. And we waited and we watched for them to reach the other side. They had vanished suddenly into a holler where there was no place to hide. Mama raised up 13 children in a house so full of love. Even through the Great Depression, seems we always had enough. And when folks would come to call, well, they were never turned away. And we tell them of the old man and the blessings that he gave. We didn't have a lot, but what we had we'd freely give. Didn't Jesus bleed and die upon the cross that we might live? When it seems there's none to spare, remember there is always just enough to share. Thereby some have entertained angels unawares. When it seems there's none to spare, remember there is always just enough to share. Thereby some have entertained angels. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's all stand if you would. Wonderful. Hebrews 13 chap verse two. Be not forgetful to entertain strangers for thereby some have entertained angels &gt;&gt; unaware. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord today. I'm thankful for the Lord. He never fails to give us what we have need of. And I know tonight will be no difference because he's never failed us yet. So, we thank him for that. In the book of Isaiah, chapter 42, if you would turn there with me before we're seated. And I keep telling myself I'm just going to talk to the congregation. I'm not going to get all excited and scream and yell, but sometimes I can't help it. So if I do, just forgive me. It's not my intention this evening or any evening. Um but I'm just a human and I get excited and &gt;&gt; so yes, brother Kurt, praise the Lord. Isaiah 42 in the first verse it says this. Behold my servant whom I uphold, mine elect in whom my soul delightth. I've put my spirit upon him. He shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles. He shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street. Now, I guess you know why I said I'll be quiet this evening. A bruised reed shall he not break, and a smoking flax shall he not quench. He shall bring forth judgment unto truth. And that means truthful judgment. It's not a He brings forth righteous judgment. He judges righteous judgment. The Bible says, "Amen." Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we've read your word and your word is a blessing to us. It will not return void. You teach us that, Lord. We believe that your word goes forth and does not return empty Lord but it brings power and life to our soul and we thank you for that. Feed us this evening once again Lord in Jesus name we pray. Amen. You can be seated and I reg regrettably this is this is one of those scriptures that I've read many many times but have never taken the time to understand what it really means. A bruised reed shall he not break, and the smoking flax shall he not quench. He shall bring forth judgment under truth. What's a bruised reed? And what does it have to do that he won't break it? And what is a smoking flax? We don't even use that term anymore. A flax. Brother Tom, some of the brothers who are studious would probably know what that means. Does anyone know just what a smoking flack flax is? Just anybody? Nobody. So, have you ever seen a candle when it's about to go out, it begins to die down? It begins to smoke. Actually, of course, it's always smoking, but as it dies, it begins to puff out and it's called a smoking wick or a smoking flax. I didn't know it. I had to look it up and I and the Bible says he sees that smoking flack flax but he doesn't put it out and he sees the bruised reed and he doesn't break it. &gt;&gt; And we're talking about the great shepherd. We're not talking about you know just normal human. This is talking about the Lord Jesus Christ really in this scripture. It's actually speaking of him. And later on, uh, the scripture is quoted. Matthew quotes this scripture and says that there's a there's a prophecy that's fulfilled here. But a battered reed or a bruised read, will he not break it? It's it's those of us who are spiritually broken or bruised or hurt or in trouble or in a certain situation and you've been bruised. And the Bible say he's so merciful and he's so gracious to us that in that weakened state that you can find yourself in sometimes he's not going to break you down anymore. And as you begin to smoke and and and the flax it might feel like it's dying out instead of killing it. &gt;&gt; He actually revives it again. He doesn't he doesn't he doesn't smoke when we're almost dying. you know, he's not the type of of Lord that would see us suffering and and I we we'll say it like this in 1 Corinthians 10. It says, "There's no temp temptation that taken you, but such as is common to man, but God is faithful and will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able." So, when you get to the point where you're just like, "It's Le Oysia. We're all in, you know, we're all in this together. Maybe I'll just come down here and we'll just talk this evening." So we're all we're all feel like some days we're the smoking flag, you know, we're we're the wick that's just dying out and we barely are holding it together. He doesn't at that point come and put more things on you and and kill you and and snuff you out. But in that point, he he kind of cleans around the edges and makes it free for you can smoke a little more. Now, he might let you get to that point to really see what you're made of. And he might let you get bruised to really see what you're made of, but when you get there, he's not going to then break you down even further. That's not the type of of Lord that we serve. He'll not suffer you to be tempted above that you're able. But with the temptation, what he does is he makes a way of escape. He he actually gives you and and this word in Greek it means an egress or an exit. So, so he he he puts something on you and then he he shows you, listen, that's the way of escape. Now, you can choose not to take the way of escape and and certainly we've all done it many times. But but in every temptation that he gives you and every trial that he gives you and and every addiction or every thing that you struggle with and every sin that you're kind of bound with and you're fighting against with that even with that temptation which is common, you're not getting tempted above anything that God hasn't given you the power to overcome is what that means. So with every temptation he gives you he actually is the way of escape. Brother Brandham says in every temptation he'll make a way of escape. Say, "Mother, don't believe it. Daddy, don't believe it. The church don't believe it." I don't care who don't believe it. If you believe it, God will make a way of escape. Notice that if you believe that there's an exit, God puts the exit there. If you don't believe it, well, then there's no exit for you because you have to believe on the way or the egress or the exit for there to be one. So, he says this, he gave a God will make a way of escape. He gave a sign that he would. They were on their way straight to the promised land where God promised them and the Red Sea shut them off and they got in trouble. They didn't know what to do. God showed that he'd make a way of escape in every temptation, every trial. And he's going to go and list some here. And I kind of like it cuz you might think, well, it's just a temptation. But brother Bam goes on here and says, if you can't get quit smoking, take God one time. Notice that if you can't quit, take God at his word. You quit can't quit lying, can't quit stealing, can't quit having temper. Take God with you one time. If you don't feel like going to church and you can't get anywhere, take God with you once. Take his promise. He proved to the Red Sea that he'll make a way of escape. I mean, there was no way for them. There was the sea in front, the army behind, and there was no way. So, that was a temptation that he put upon and upon Israel. And he said, "Now with the temptation, if you'll believe that I can make a way of escape, I'll make a way of escape." So no temptation, here's another way of wording this, is beyond the resistance that God can help you resist and overcome. So with the temptation, there comes the way of escape with it. I don't know if we had the Greek there, Sister Paulie, if we could pick it up. No, here here's the word. Now, it's only used twice in the New Testament, and it's Greek, and I don't even want to ebasis, maybe something like that. So way of escape, it's the end. It's the egress. It's the way out, the exit, and it's figuratively the way of escape from temptation. So Paul is using this this Greek word and he says, "So within temptation, he gives you also the big exit sign at the back of the room there that I'm looking at. He gives you the temptation is there, but the exit is there too for for you to have a way out." And the only other time this is used in scripture is in Hebrews 13 and:e 7. And it says it like this. Remember them which have the rule over you. I like the Spanish version better. It says, "Remember your pastors who have spoken unto you the word of God whose faith follow considering the end," and that's the word there, the way of escape of their conversation. Now, in English, in old English, when they would use the word conversation, it means conduct or the way of living, the way that you live. And it's beautiful because you can say whatever you want. you know, this is how I say I live, but but actually your true conversation, your life actually speaks or converses the way that you live. So he says, "Now pray for them. They've spoken unto you the word of God whose faith follow. Consider the the exit or the way of escape of their conversation." I put a couple uh other translations up here. Remember those leading you and I think this is the Berean or Yeah, maybe this is the Berean. word of leading you who spoke the word of God to you of whom considering the outcome of their way of life. You are to imitate the faith. Remember those who rule over you have spoken the word of God to you whose faith follow the outcome or the way of escape of their conduct. Now this is Hebrews 137. Do we know what Hebrews 13:8 is? &gt;&gt; So now think this is the scripture right before. So he says maybe and you know it's two different sentences. So, don't you know don't hold me to this too much, but it's like this. Remember those who rule over you. They've spoken the word. Follow their faith and consider the way of escape. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. I I kind of like it like that. Consider a prophet came at this day and he taught us the way and and he showed us see there's a way of escape from Leodysia. And that's none other than the message of the hour. The Holy Ghost dwelling inside of you. Jesus Christ himself, his spirit dwelling inside of you. That's the only way you're going to escape. So consider the one who rules. Now brother B didn't rule over us per se. But in a way he's sort of the pastor of the age or or the prophet of this age to teach us things. So consider the end or the way of escape as he taught it to us. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. And I again I say brother Bam said God's provided sacrifice tonight. The way of escape is through Jesus Christ. Then Jesus Christ provided a church for the unbelievers that they could come in and see the manifestation of his resurrection and know beyond a shadow of doubt that he rose from the dead. Jesus rose from the dead. Making a provided way for whosoever will might look and live. But if you refuse to look, how can you do anything but die? Jesus said, "If you don't believe that I am he, you'll die in your sins." So now he said, "Now we'll notice him." What made him different as a speaker? I guess he wasn't so forceful to get out in the street like we do and brother Steve does and scream cuz the Bible said his voice was not heard in the street and a bruised reed and a smoking flax and so forth as the prophet said it would be. A bruised weed he will not break or a smoking flax will he not quench. And we know that he would never turn away a bruised reed. He would mend it. &gt;&gt; And I pray, Brother Bam says, "Heavenly Father," I like how he words that if there be any spirits that's broken or discouraged spirits &gt;&gt; or feeble, hands hanging down and knees bagged, that may they be lifted up tonight, Lord. May the Holy Spirit come and heal our hearts and spirit and our physical beings. And we'll give him all the praise for it. We ask in Jesus' name. Many time uh you know ministers sometimes are the worst at this. They should take the Lord's example and and realize that the people are broken and they're discouraged and their feeble hands are hanging down and then many times someone would come in and just whip the person even further. But the Lord came in and saw bruised spirits and bruised reads and discouraged hearts and instead of making it worse, he began to encourage them. And I I read something the other day that said like if you want people to to get better at what they do, encourage them in what they're doing and they'll actually perform better than you could even think. If you just said, "Hey, you could do this better or that better." If you just say, "Hey, you're doing this really good and that really good." You know, they'll start to get better at the other things that they do. And that's not just psychology, but the Lord Jesus Christ did the same thing. When someone has a mistake or an error or something, he beca he came in. He began to mend that thing and he and he didn't break it when it was smoking and and almost done. He came in and he dug around it a little bit so that the fire that had been broken and and but was beginning to smoke would begin to to really uh spring up again and be a fire of eternal life. Praise the Lord. The great shepherd does not rule by force or forcefulness. My Ezekiel chapter 1. I began to read this the other day. It's good to read if you're a pastor, you know, Jeremiah 23 and Ezekiel 34 to really keep you in your place. It starts out like this, woe to the shepherds. So that just really keep you. And the word of the Lord came unto me saying, Ezekiel says, son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel. Prophesy and say unto them, thus sayeth the Lord God unto the shepherds, woe be to the shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves. Should not the shepherds feed the flocks? &gt;&gt; You eat the fat and you clothe you with the wool. You kill them that are fed, but you feed not the flock. The diseased have you not strengthened. The bruised reed and the smoking flax. You you didn't strengthen it. Neither have you healed that which was sick. Neither have you bound up that which was broken. Neither have you brought again that which was driven away. Neither have you sought that which was lost. But with force and with cruelty have you ruled them. And Lord, help me to never even attempt to roll by force. It's not my nature or things like that. It's against my nature. Even what happened on Sunday, it's it's against me and and you know, I repent for some of those things that that that offended people. But but a shepherd should never rule by cruelty and and by force. And when he sees people down, if you go and say, "What's your problem? Why are you down?" You know, you know, you don't realize people are living in Leodysia. And and Paul said it like this. I think I said this on Sunday. You judge them people of of certain things and and then he said you do the same thing and that's uh it's well it's just the truth. Okay. So now in Isaiah 42 he doesn't he says he won't cry or lift up. Verse two, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street a bruised it shall he not break and the smoking flack shall he not quench. He'll shall bring he shall bring forth judgment unto truth. He won't be discouraged till he have brought forth judgment unto truth. But what was the interpretation of this? What did it look like in the real world? Because Matthew says, "And this thing happened because Isaiah the prophet said Isaiah 42 1-6." And Jesus fulfills this prophecy in Matthew 12. And let's read. I think it will kind of help us because it's easy to say, "Well, Jesus healed." But how did he do that? How was it that he didn't bruise the reed or break the reed that was already broken or quench the flax that was smoking? The Bible says at the time at that time Jesus went on the Sabbath day through the corn and his disciples were and hungered and began to plick the ears of corn and to eat. Now, I've quoted this wrong many times and I went and looked up Matthew and it's Mark chapter 2 and Luke chapter 5. I've quoted it that Jesus went and picked corn, but none of them say that. It says that his disciples were hungered and they went and began to pluck the corn. And this thought came to me this afternoon while I was studying on this. Why on Friday, so Sabbath would have been Saturday for the Jews, why on Friday didn't Jesus just tell them, "Hey guys, you're going to be hungry tomorrow. you should pick some extra corn today so you don't have to do it on the Sabbath. Why wouldn't he do that? Why would he uh know I mean certainly he knew they were going to be hungry or had some sort of discernment. Why wouldn't he say it's Friday, you don't want to be picking corn tomorrow. You're going to get into trouble and then not you like why wouldn't he do that? the Mark chapter 2 and Luke 5. It does not record Jesus picking any of the corn, just the disciples. And I thought maybe, and this is there's no, you know, authority on this, so we're presuming, but maybe he wanted to teach us something through the scriptures, allow his disciples to do something to teach the the ones who can be legalists, and I've got a legalist bone in my body, so it's good for me. But ones that can be legalists to maybe see the mercy and the the the mercy and the truth side of this statement. So now, you know, knowing the fallen and the corrupt state of mankind and the pro just let me well I'll tell you what happened in Peru a couple weeks ago. So we got to this um a certain city and it's in the middle of nowhere, not even a city. A couple hundred people and it's in literally 11 hours one direction getting there and 7 hours another direction. And so it's impossible to get there and difficult and a dirt road and and there's a pastor there who began a church about 20 years ago and since then has helped three other missions start. So, there's four churches within, you know, about a 6-hour period. And this pastor started all those. And we have a questions and answer service. And he says to me, he he, you know, a couple questions gets asked and he's kind of being timid. And he says, "Uh, brother Steve, I have a question. Um, and he begins to cry." And he says, "My, you know, the Bible says your house has to be in order for for a bishop. You know, he's got to have his house in order. And I I have a 16-year-old son and he's not serving the Lord. What? What do I do? Do I have to stop preaching? Should I just quit? That's a bruised read. It's a smoking flax. And forgive your pastor if you think he was off the word on this. I said, "Brother, don't you dare stop. There's that church that needs you. There's that church that needs you. There's that church that needs you. And your own church needs you. And there's nobody else in the area. Why would you look at that?" And I and I'll tell you and I don't think brother Jim would remind me or would mind me saying this. a minister came to him one time and was saying that there there was something you know he felt like he wasn't able to minister and and and brother Jim told me he said brother Steve I told that minister I have something in my own life you know like he could have been criticized many times for you know he he wasn't perfect when he was younger and he was a little rougher when he was younger or whatever it might be and he said I the devil fights me on that but it's just to keep me humble and and to keep me dedicated and consecrated and and so I told this Brother, listen, brother. Don't Don't let Satan put that on you. You know what? Pray for your son. Get the church together and pray for that son. And and maybe God would restore that situation. And and yeah, your house is in in a little trouble right now. And and you know, but there's no other option. You know, maybe the disciples were hungry and it was the Sabbath, but but Jesus when he answers, he says it like this. David was hungry and he had no right eating the shoebre. There's no way he could legally go and eat the shoe bread only for the priests. Now Jesus is answering the criticism here. Hey, what are you doing on on Sabbath? Your disciples are picking corn. They weren't even criticizing him. Your disciples are picking corn on the they're they're working on the Sabbath. And Jesus says, don't you remember what David did? Now, this doesn't say, you know, Satan will will will take this and try to get men to compromise on God's word. But you know, you got to have mercy and you got to have truth. And God requires them both. You can't just be one way or the other. He requires that. And so he says, "Listen, don't you know the priests profane the Sabbath?" And they're blameless. Why? How do they profane it? You can't even build a fire if you're Jewish on the Sabbath. They have to offer the sacrifices, build the fire, work there on the Sabbath, kill all the the lambs or the sheep or ox or whatever it might be. They have to work the entire Sabbath. And Jesus called that profaining the Sabbath. And then he said, "They're blameless." And that's not breaking a bruised reed. And so this brother, and again, forgive me if you think I'm on the word on this, but I'm looking at it. Are you serious, brother? Pray. We'll pray right now. We're going to pray for your son and we'll pray that your house will be drawn together so that Satan can have that little dart to shoot at your mind. But in the meantime, you keep doing what you're doing. There's a need here and you're the man for the job. And I asked him, is there anybody else? No, brother. There's nobody else. What? And it seemed maybe obvious to us, but you know how Satan will just attack people for just little things. You know, it really bothered me. Anyways, Jesus says this, "Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites. You paid tithe of mint and annis and cumin and have omitted the weightier matters of the law." So, it's weightier now. Judgment, mercy, and faith. That's weightier. These ought yet have done, and ought not to leave the other undone. You blind guides, you take a a knat has fallen into your water, that unclean gnat, and you make sure he doesn't fall in. So you put a strainer over your cup to make sure the gnat doesn't fall in. So you strain him out. Meanwhile, on your plate, you're eating the very unclean camel. Now, that's 2025 version of what he's saying there. There's weightier matters of the law. And I think we get stuck sometimes on the knat. And but there's something better. It's called mercy and faith and judgment. All right. So when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, "Behold, your disciples, do that which is not lawful to do on the Sabbath day." But he said unto them, "Have you not read what David did when he wasn't hungered, and they that were with him, how he entered into the house of God, and did eat the shoe bread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them that were with him, but with him, but only for the priests. How or have you not read in the law? How that on the Sabbath day the priests in the temple profane the Sabbath, but they're blameless. How did they do it? They they ended up But I say unto you that in this place is one greater than the temple. In Flagstaff Tabernacle is one greater than the temple. In your temple is one greater than the very temple. You are a temple of the Holy Ghost and the Holy Ghost greater than the very temple that actually he he's what makes your temple great. In Hosea 6, if you've been reading that, it says, "For I desired mercy and not sacrifice and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings." And then he says, "But if you had known what this meanth, I will have mercy." So Jesus now quotes Hosea. He just got done quoting what happened to David. And he quotes Hosea and he says, "I will have I desire mercy and not sacrifice and if you had known what it mean, not if you read it intellectually, but if you understood the spirit of what that means." That means when a guy's ox is in a ditch on the Sabbath, go help him get it out. And how much is greater uh uh things than that? He said, "For the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath day." My that's the that's the that's the entire key to he's the one who created the Sabbath now was the Sabbath made for man or was man made for this Jesus asked that question and he said the Sabbath is made for you and it's been made for you and I to have a day of rest and we yet we you know use it the other way now so this is the just the beginning of Matthew 12:9 and when he was departed thence he went into their synagogue So now he just got done talking to him and saying, "Listen, you can you can eat on the, you know, if there's a need and you need to eat on the Sabbath, go have if your ox is in the ditch. David did a certain thing." So now he just now he goes and he goes into their synagogue and there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, "Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath days?" And they even asked him that for that they would have reason to accuse him. &gt;&gt; Think about that. He just got done telling him and teaching them. And I'm no better, by the way. Many times I listen to a tape and I hear the prophet of God say something and he just got done teaching me and I turn off the tape and I go doing the same mistake. So I'm not not guilty of doing what they did here. But Lord help us not to be like this where he just got done teaching us and maybe we could learn a bit. Say so so they want to accuse him and that and he says unto them, what man shall there be among you that shall have one sheep and if it fall into a pit on the Sabbath day will he not lay hold on it and lift it out? Or how much then is a man better than a sheep? If you would get your sheep out of the ditch on a on the Sabbath, this man can't be healed on the Sabbath. Of course he can. Then saith he to the man, stretch forth thine hand, and he stretched it forth, and it restored whole like as the other. Then the Pharisees went out and held a council against him, how they might destroy him. But when Jesus knew it, he withdrew himself from then, and great multitudes followed them, and he healed them all. Notice he he began to draw back from the counsel that was against him. It wasn't the time yet. There would be a time, but it wasn't that time right then. But he withdrew him. But but many come with him, obviously, and he healed great multitudes, the Bible said. And he healed them all, and he charged them that they should not make him known. And then Matthew says this, "That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Isaiah the prophet, saying, now he begins to quote Isaiah 42." He goes back there, verse 18, "Behold my servant whom I have chosen, my beloved in whom my soul is well pleased. I will put my spirit upon him, and he shall show judgment to the Gentiles. He will not strive." He didn't fight with them there. They began to take counsel against him to destroy him, and he just withdraws. There's a time that, you know, it's going to be a time for him to be to be crucified, but it wasn't the time yet. He He doesn't strive. He doesn't cry. Neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets. He begins to draw back. And and Matthew says, "This is what happened." And he says, "A bruised reed shall he not break, and a smoking flax shall he not quench till he shall send forth judgment unto victory, and in his name shall the Gentiles trust." Isn't it beautiful how the Lord gave us even, you know, with the matters of the law and judgment and mercy? There's a brother I was talking to the other day and he might be watching. It wouldn't mention his name, but but he's an older brother. And he says that uh he knew Sister Francis, brother Donald, and this, you know, it's been a years since we heard that name, but she was a wonderful lady, like a sister Darlene, sister. I was telling sister Danette cuz she never met her and I said she was kind of like a sister Darlene you know but anyway so this brother he was feeling guilty about you know working and exercising and keeping his body in shape and he went and began to talk to sister Francis about it and she looked at him and she goes well does it help you a bruised reed will not break does it help you just a simple answer God in simplicity Anyway, so that that's off the subject. Now Isaiah 42 and verse5 and we're going to have prayer service. So I want to spend maybe the last little time here with a little faith building. The Bible says, so now it's it's the same passions of scripture here. Isaiah 42, thus sayaith God the Lord, he that created the heavens and stretched them out. He that spread forth the earth, and that which cometh off of it, he that giveth breath unto the people on it, and spirit to them that walk therein. And he's he's speaking now. And brother Brandham on the the message future home. He begins to talk and most of that sermon is actually talking about the earth just as it is now. and then comparing your experience to the experience of the earth. Not just your experience the last 70 years as experience with the earth over 70 years, but he takes your experience as a Christian and and what the earth has gone through, you know, 2,000 years after after the days of Adam, how how Noah would come along and it would be washed with water. And then he said 2,000 years later and just begins to talk and and there I had many quotes there but I had to take them out because it would be too long but Sister Pauline if you have that that that slide and then it was justified and then the Lord Jesus came and it was baptized or sanctified by blood and then the end time it's going to be burned and all the desires of it and brother Brandham words it like this the atmospheres of the earth will be burned and and as atmospheres he talks about the politics the corruption and the evil spirits he says Now, those spirits are allowed to inhabit these realms to accuse you. He actually says there's a there's a quote. I don't think we have it here, but but he says they'll there'll be a day when they're all burned out and they won't be able to accuse you anymore. Well, that day is coming when when all the atmospheres of evil, the the prince of the darkness is going to be burned out completely and he won't be able to accuse us before the father. Brother Bam says this, I'll make a new heaven and a new earth. See that the heavens will be gone and the earth will be gone. That see that the heavens will be gone and the earth will be gone. Now you have to listen to how he words this. He says completely annihilated but a close study and with the help of the Holy Spirit we can see the truth of this and that's what we're going into. It's only the atmospheres around it and the sin that's upon the earth that will be destroyed. See, when you get the Holy Ghost, you're not completely annihilated, but the atmosphere around you and all the sin is completely destroyed or annihilated from your life. So, it's the same. He's he's typing what happens with you and the new birth to the to the the annihilation of sin upon the earth. Same through the annihilation of sin on your life. What does it do then? these thistles and sickness and death and politics and sinful man and sinful woman and evil spirits will all be gone away and annihilated. See, it has to be done that way because we're going to live right here. &gt;&gt; I love that we're going to live right here. We'll prove that by the Bible right here. I might live at Lake Pal, by the way. But anyways, right here is where we live. Now, notice thistles, germs, all sicknesses and things will be completely taken away. All all this its existence that's in the earth now man-made systems, politics, sin, all kinds of evil spirits that's in the world is contaminated with and all the heavens above us here is contaminated with evil spirit. Now we're going to go deep and long and then and he did by the way. It's almost four hours. Satan is still here. That's the reason all these things happen. He's still here and all of his evil forces are still here. Notice that's why the earth now is so filthy. That's why the scum and ridiculous things that goes on, bloodshed, war, politics, sin, adulter, all kind of filthiness goes on is because that Satan is the ruler of this earth and this atmosphere. Now, think about it with your life. Now, he says Satan is still here, but he's not talking about the Christian. He's talking about this current earth in its current state that has not been completely cleansed yet. So, don't say that you could just, well, sin is still No, no, no. You're you're a different being than the earth is right now. I'm going to prove it just in a a quote here. Now, both the heavens and earth is contaminated with devils that can accuse Oh, here it is. That can accuse us before God. Jesus is there to intercede for us. See, while the accusers keep pointing a finger, they did this, you know, brother Steve did that and brother Donald did this and brother Kurt did that. He said, but the blood covers. Amen. He came to redeem that elected that he foresaw. That's why it's for so filthy today. Listen, there's something that covers that. Even when those devils are still here to accuse, one day they're going to be wiped out. But even then, there's a God they can point all the fingers he wants cuz Jesus God just looks back and goes, "Don't you see the blood that covers all that that they've accepted?" All right. Now, and notice how God makes it plain. And I'm I'm fast forwarding many paragraphs here, but go if you want, listen to the tape. It's really, really wonderful. And God makes plain to us his plan of redemption. Oh, this just thrilled my soul when I saw it. How he makes plain to us here now his plan of redemption. Now compare what we see with our own eyes. What God has come to redeem this world. He's done the same plan to redeem his people. &gt;&gt; For the unchangeable God changes not in any of his plans or anything such a glorious thing. But now it has to go through baptism of fire. You do too. Holy fire from God which cleanses the earth and the heavens around it. Then it's purchased so that the redeemed can live on it. Live in peace. Notice the baptism of fire is to cleanse it from sin, from sickness, from disease, germs. Notice just what he says there from sinners, from the devil and all his group. He is to be cast out into the lake of fire. Holy fire from God comes down from God out of heaven and burns it up. Notice to make it ready for God to dwell in. That's you. That's the earth. But he's making a type here now. He says for God in the new world that is to come is to dwell in the earth. Cuz you say God, he dwells in the human heart. But he and the bride becomes one and they go to their home in the new world. And the same plan of redemption is used to redeem both world and the persons that live in it. &gt;&gt; That ought to make somebody happy today. So the same plan of redemption, baptism, sanctification, uh, uh, water baptism and and baptism of the Holy Ghost that's going to happen to the earth happened, the same plan happens to the world and the persons that live in it. He said, notice Satan was will be taken from the earth. This is my favorite one all night. Satan was will be taken from earth. Now notice he changes. He changes. Now he will future be taken from earth. Just exactly like Satan was taken from you. &gt;&gt; So now it's passed. So now he's going to be taken from the earth. He was taken from you. Now that don't mean he can't he could still tempt you. He's going to say that here. He could but he was taken from you. That ought to make somebody happy. That makes me happy if nobody else. All right. Notice he Satan was taken was t so he's going to be taken from the earth. He's there accusing and politics. You don't have to look very far on YouTube to find a politics and everything going on. So, he will be taken from the earth, but he was taken from you. &gt;&gt; Satan cannot bother or he can tempt anybody, you know, no one's going to deny that, right? Like, but he cannot get a born again Christian for God from the foundation of the world foresaw him and sent Jesus to redeem him and the blood speaks for him. How can he sin when it can't be seen even by God? He don't even The only thing he hears is your voice. He sees your representation. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's just a that's a &gt;&gt; man. That'll preach right there. By the same means for the world is one of his attributes. Now, notice this world like earth, not politics and filth of it, but the the very earth that we're on is one of his attributes. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just the same as you are one of his attributes. The world becomes one of his attributes because it was in God's it was God's thinking in the beginning to have a world to be on a throne to be a king or to be a redeemer to be a healer and that's his attributes &gt;&gt; and he used the same oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my okay I got to go let me read this why I don't have it on powerpoint but let me read it. Heavens and earth will pass away. Now this word means passing from one form to another. It does not mean annihilation as the English word would mean pass away. It's annihilated. But the Hebrew or Greek word here does not mean pass away. This is in future home also. It means passing from one thing to another. To pass from one condition to another. So I passed from sinner condition to a different condition. You say he passed away. Well, I did pass away in a sense because the old man, he's no longer there. But I passed from a condition of a a sinner spotted by the world to a condition completely unspotted by the world under the blood of Jesus Christ. So I didn't pass away die but I passed away from a condition of filth to a condition of purity before God. Now brother Abraham says and he used the same word when he said to the cult said loose the cult and let him go. Said the same thing at the resurrection of Lazarus loose him change him. He changed the condition of death that he's in to life. If he'd been tied, let him go. What does it mean? The earth will be loosed from the grip of Satan. It'll be loosed from from politics. It'll be loosed from denominational religious systems to be used for the kingdom of God. This very earth is going to be loosed from all that garbage to be God's to be established here on earth. But as long as it's in the hands of Satan, Satan is the ruler of the earth. He owns it belong to him. But now Christ has redeemed it. Now he's talking about the time coming. No, now we just this will be the last one. One time I was his property. One time that little woman was his property. It's not about Satan's property, but not now. See, he come to loose the grip of it. He loosed the grip of sin, of Satan upon my life, upon your life. And now we're not his. Have you often heard me say in prayer, take your hands off God's property. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So when you go down to pray this evening, say something like this. Take your hands off God's property. Sister Vivian lying there in the ER or ICU. Satan, take your hands off God's property. &gt;&gt; All right. You have faith to claim your own. That's your rights. Take your hands off her. Take your hands off. MC faith will do it. Oh my. Not annihilate it, but just take your hands off of it or loose it. Let it go. Pass it away. It changes. The earth will change. Politics will change. Religions will change. The denominations will pass away. Politics will pass away. The kingdom of God shall be established. I give us a tiny bit of faith this evening to get down and say loose and loose. Even you know Satan will try to inflict our thoughts and our minds and you know loose me from all that you know all that anxiety and all those things that come upon you. Loose me from that. I'm not Satan's property. &gt;&gt; I'm God's property. I've been bought. Notice he said, "And what will happen to the earth?" The same thing that happened to you. Satan no longer has possession. That's how we got to believe as saints of God. He did have possession. He could control me any way he wanted. And now he tempts me. Sure, I fall sometimes. That don't change the fact I'm under the blood. I got representation. Point all your finger all you want, Satan. I'm under the blood of Jesus Christ. And when you point your finger, it's about 50 pointing right back at you. All right. Praise the Lord. I got to stop preaching. All right. Who? Okay, we got prayer requests. Amen. Okay. Brother Rolando had one for a sister in Paraguay. Sister Lordes, friend of his. I mentioned Sister Vivian. I went and saw her today and she has an amazing family. I met her two sisters. They are just wonderful Christian ladies. Their dad, uh, there might have been more than the three of them, but there was at least the three of them. Their father was the pastor of Grey Mountain Bible Church for many, many years. So, she comes from and she told all, "Yeah, we we heard that." She said she found a church up here in Flagstaff. she's going to. And anyways, it thrilled my heart to hear them talk about it. So, I went and saw her. There's conditions there, but I mean, Lazarus had the worst conditions you think of. You know, he had some rough conditions, but he got loosed. Amen. So, Sister Vivian, and then yes, Sister Pauline, if you'd put those up there. Lordes, yes, it's not his sister. It's a sister in Paraguay. It's L Our R-s. Does anybody Sister Sakoro Senor Vendiga Amen. We remember her as well. Brother Ryan, by the way, is at his father's in Cottonwood ministering for him this evening. Don't want to forget to mention that. Do we have any others? Sister Darlene. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. That's good. Strength, wisdom, and to feel his presence. That's sister Bel, Sister Rose. Very good. Brother Tim. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Uh coworker. I forget the last name. It was a Hispanic last name. Does anybody remember it? My phone. Have hand that to Sister Pauline when you find that name. Brother Tim, anybody else, Brother Kurt, and Brother Tom? Get Brother Tom and then Brother Kurt. Sister Cindy. Amen. Then Brother Kurt over here. Brother Chase. Traveling mercies. &gt;&gt; I consider it missionary work. Amen. Amen. Traveling mercies for brother Kirk. Going to see some family. Anyone else? Sister Janette. Like brother Glenn. Yes. been sick for a little bit. &gt;&gt; So, I went to church to pray for me. U Kathy, my sister, had a veteran a VA official come out and talk to me and they're wanting to put me in some kind of hospital or something and and I got to go along with everything they're telling me to do. I don't know what to do, but I'm leaving in the Lord's hands and I love this church. So, I'm going to believe in the church and God and my pastor. I'll talk with you more about it. &gt;&gt; But I'm I'm not afraid to talk. I just lost it. And &gt;&gt; I just my mind just went boom. I don't know why, but it just happened to me. I was doing fine one day, and next day I woke up, couldn't remember where I was at. Couldn't even remember my name. And it's like a kid being born again. And I had to learn to do everything. Everything I've been doing now. I actually had to learn and it's horrible. I feel like I'm just like and it's just like a disaster to me. You mean my life was like this? Was it like this? No, you're wrong. You're being stupid again. &gt;&gt; We'll remember. We'll remember you, brother Everett. And &gt;&gt; pray for me, &gt;&gt; Sister Katherine. And brother Jeremiah as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. At this time for our visitors, just go to prayer where you're at and then when you're finished praying, you just leave quietly through the back door there. I have their brother put some music on while we're praying. Praise the Lord. Lord bless you.
