################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-14 - Sunday Morning Service - December 14, 2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-14
Title:   Sunday Morning Service - December 14, 2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBGeXIBeeHY
========================================

Love you boy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Come on. Come on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There's no way. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Let's stand and we'll sing this little chorus. I shall forever. I shall forever. Heat. Heat. Hey, Amen. Amen. How much that song means to each one of us in our own personal way. Amen. Amen. Brother Ryan, you were singing, you were playing the little song, All That's Really True. And what a wonderful, wonderful thought it is. Amen. All that's really true. Amen. No. All that really counts, all that's really true. All that really matters, Lord, is you. Everything. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, Amen. didn't have any prayer requests this morning, but I know we have needs. Uh, Brother Glenn be in the hospital for a few more hours, it sounds like, until uh, if I have that right, Brother Tim, I don't know most recent message that came out, but sounds like he'll be there a few more hours. Sister Karen had to take him in last night with very, very high blood pressure and they gave him medicine and came down is the good news. and Lord willing, he'll be released soon. So, and I haven't got an update on Sister Vivian this morning, but it's very critical. We'll know by tomorrow the family will have to take her off the ventilator and then she's in the Lord's hands anyway, but uh so it's a very difficult time for uh that family. Is there any other requests that I'm missing that we need to make known? Sister Cindy, of course, Mark Buchanan. Thank you, brother Tim. I went and saw him after seeing Sister Vivian in the hospital. His spirits were good. So, we want to remember brother Mark. Satan's trying to go after him and we just don't accept that. And like the quote on Wednesday night that we read, Brother Brandham said, "We got the power to loose the people from the bondage of the illnesses afflicting them." So let's bow our heads and claim that this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just are reliant so much on your word, Lord. And it's not even how we feel, Lord. It's not the what the doctors say. It's not what they say, Lord. It's not what we feel. It's not the circumstances. It's not the emotions. But Lord, it's your word. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing, Lord. That's what really matters. And we apply that word this morning to those situations, Lord. And Sister Cindy, Sister Vivian, Lord, she's in a very critical situation right now, Lord. She's in intensive care, but may that intensive care be the intensive care of the Lord Jesus this morning, Lord. Not only for her, but for her family. Lord, for Brother Glenn, he's in the emergency room. And may the room that he's in be the room of the Lord Jesus Christ, Lord. And may you be allowed into every room in his heart this morning. And may if there's an emergency, Lord, may you be the one that meets the emergent need that our brother has, Lord Jesus. And the different Lord, brother Mark Buchanan, Lord, he finds himself also in that situation. Maybe in the hospital, but Lord, you're the almighty healer. You're the powerful one with authority, Lord, that you've also put into your church, Lord. You've given us authority, not the power, Lord. We might be like the 150 lb policemen, Lord, that could stand there, but with the authority to bind the devils, Lord, that are trying to afflict the saints and to loose the saints from under that bondage that Satan is trying to put us under. Lord, we apply that in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We apply your your healing, your salvation, Lord, to those that would be in need this morning, Lord, for every hand or every heart that would raise up this morning and have a need. They just might be thinking in their mind of something in this moment, Lord, that they have you to come by. They need you to come by and to visit them, Lord. Would you come by this morning, Lord? Would you come by and visit me and Brother Donald, the musicians, Lord? Every member of the congregation, Lord, as their thoughts turn to you, they we put aside the world, we leave it outside this morning, Lord. We bring all of our thoughts, Lord. Every every portion of our being, Lord, our physical bodies, all of our emotions we place under your subjection this morning, Lord. We're subject to you. Use us how you would have to use us this morning, Lord. Be with us. The songs and the worship and the fellowship. May you be glorified, magnified. May you be praised this morning. We ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Lord bless you. Amen. Greet the one next to you. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. It's good to see each one of you musicians. Lord bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. My heart's just uh joyful. Um this old world can never hold me. Kim and I were uh starting off and I tell you that uh we talked on a deep subject real quickly, character. So we spent a little bit of time that and I thought each one has their own testimony and uh my character is such that this old world will never hold me. That's truly what I see long time ago. And Donald Robert, you'll forgive me. You're a dear friend and also a loved brother. And but uh the character of Donald Robert, he has a and I'm going use him as an example. Each one use it. He has a business that it would be real easy to take and just shade things just a little bit. Just make things gray because the law is such that he has a reason to an ability to to to interpret it how he wants to. Years ago, brother Jim said came to me and we were talking and he goes, "You know, Donald, Donald just is either black or white. There's no in between. his character. Now, does he have to fight the circumstance? Yes. But we have this moment in time. We have this brief moment in time to let our characters just come out today. There's no black or white. I'm going to make it. This old world can never hold me. Amen. Oh, this old world will never hold me anymore. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Oh, heat, heat. A Jesus is the God of my Amen. Amen. I've got the love of Jesus, love of Jesus down in my heart. You can tell some more days are just it's bubbling in a different way and it can't help but uh come out in that way. Amen. Sister Naomi, you have is it family sitting back beside you? Just friends. Well, Lord bless you. You know, you're on the back row, but you're more than welcome to move up front if you want to do it, too. Amen. Amen. We see Brother Will, you brought your mother-in-law again. Lord bless you. Amen. I've got the love of Jesus. Love of Jesus. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. So very happy in my heart. Amen. Amen. I'm happy this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. In that city where the lamb is the light. Amen. I uh I live a life just like you. And I say this not so much for the older ones, but they know, but for the younger ones. So I say fight the same battles you do. Maybe just a little bit different age, but still the same battles. And all it comes down to is Satan's trying to get me just to tweak my thinking just a little bit. So that's all the big things. He won't do it there. But I was uh my grandson my grandson is is a sorry Chase. He's a Dalton. That would be Oliver. He has the last name of Wilson. But the young man is a Dalton. And the Dalton don't know how to do anything but praise God. And I say that with great respect. Please understand that to the shame of myself sometimes. He was out there. his mom Mimo took him and the whole family and they were doing something and he came up to his mimo and he says, "Mimo, I met somebody new and he loves Jesus." Now I'm going to present it to you. How many has gone up to somebody kid or young person or whatever else and in five minutes time can say he loved Jesus? My point is that's a dollar. And with great respect. So I may not be able to, but I'm going to tell you about a heaven I'm planning on going to. That's what I want to sing about. This same Jesus that that little boy asked this little boy, "Do you know Jesus?" "Yeah, I know Jesus." That's all that mattered to him. He didn't make any big deal about it. Jerry, where do you go to church? What are you saying? He said, do you know Jesus? That's simple enough for me. I mean, there's a country far beyond. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. from here. I am going where the lamb is alive. Amen. Brother Nik, &gt;&gt; dear Lord, we ask that you would bless this service today. And we just thank you for all that you do for your body and your people, Lord. And just ask that you'd bless the tithes and the offerings for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. and just ask that you give us all a little piece of your word today in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Ryan, the little uh a little song um I believe God. I believe God. Ask what you will and it shall be done. Amen. Amen. We have a Sunday school report. 15 Christians, 14 Bibles, and an offering of no offering today. So, I want to thank the Lord for that. Also, we'll sing this little song as we're making ready. Sister Kathleen, your Sunday school has a a song. All of the Sunday school. All right. So, if they would make ready and come at this time, the Sunday school, I believe God. I believe God and shall be done. Oh, I believe I believe God. I believe God shall be done. Trust in say I believe. I believe God. Amen. &gt;&gt; We need mics. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm sorry. Can somebody Which mic do we want to use? Are Are we good, brother Tim? &gt;&gt; We need a mic. All right. Which mic is the one that we're supposed to use? This one here. &gt;&gt; The yellow one. All right, then. Most these ones are either my grandchildren or related to me somehow. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Hide it under a bush. Oh no. I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bush. Oh no. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. &gt;&gt; Don't let Satan put it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let Satan it out. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. &gt;&gt; Shine over Flash. I'm going to let it shine. Shine all over Flash Staff. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Man, I didn't know it was going to be over that quickly. Amen. He could have just gone on singing. I love hearing young voices sing. Amen. Little children. Amen. There's no other song request uh to be sung. Um, I woke up the other morning, Cammy, what was the name of that song? Um, no. Um, Sister Mary, uh, Huh? Yes. The Hallelujah square. How many remembers that song? I see two hands. Jerry, I saw a little sister Mary used to sing it. I see dad's hand. Hallelujah square. Have you ever heard that one? Anyways, this is what I grew up with. This is this is my life. I know nothing else. She used to sing this little song and and we may not have it and it's not there and um that's and a lot of it's uh so if we don't have it, it's all right. But uh this blind man, you know what? Put the words up there. And brother Ryan, is as we're just um would you mind uh just playing the little chorus uh Amazing Grace? This song, the words, uh I'll let you read it to you young people. Um, I saw a blind man tapping along, losing his way as he passed through the throne. Tears filled my eyes. Sorry, Sister Pauline. If you can go back down just so I can see it. Tears filled my eyes. I said, "Friend, you can't see." I'll let sister Pauline get through. We're to the first one. But anyways, the we I don't have that and I'm sorry, sister Pauline. But anyways, this little story, this little song, Amazing Grace, is it? And I heard Sister Mary sing it and I woke up hurting the other morning. I'm telling you that this for a a point that we have a God that we're approaching. We've done everything we know to do. We've sung. We've placed our hearts. Each one of us is a responsibility of our hearts being clean and pure. And if there was anything wrong to ask him to forgive us. But this little song, I woke up this morning, the other morning, and as you all know, years ago, I fell and hurt my ankle. And the Lord saw fit to to let me walk. But here in the mornings, it it still it hurts. And sometimes it catches and sometimes I've got to hold on to the wall. And this song, I don't know why it came to my mind. Uh, and it talks about number one, a a blind man can't see. And he tells the story. He says, "I feel sorry for you, blind man. You got problems." And he says, "Don't feel sorry for me. One of these days I'm going to be in heaven." in Hallelujah Square where there's going to be nothing. He went on to a a crippled man. That's where I found myself in the morning and I couldn't walk. And he said, "Don't feel sorry for me." He says, "I'm going to place that none of this will bother me anymore." At this point, I thought of you, Dad. Thought of Sister Alberta. I thought of those that are maybe in a circumstance that they can't help themselves. It don't matter. We're going to a Hallelujah square. That's my hope. That's my dream. That's amazing grace. So I went back and I thought, Lord, where does this song come from? Where does the inspiration come from? Did the man see it? Did he see somebody? And that's how I always assumed he saw somebody and he felt bad for him walking along the street. The reality of it, it was none of those things. He'd gone through a massive heart attack. This was back in the 40. He had bypasses. So himself, he was blind. He couldn't see. He came out of it in a stroke. Couldn't walk. So he's encouraging himself. I see a blind man. I see a hope man. I see somebody that's imperfect. But I look beyond what I see right now. What I see sitting in my chairs. And I'm looking to the God of heaven that showed me amazing grace that he's going to speak to me and he's going to help me just make one more step. But I'm going to get there and I'm going to shout hallelujah on that hallelujah square. If there is such a thing, I have no idea. But it brings my thoughts. And that's what it did. That's what we're here for. We each one carry problems. I carry probably I wouldn't want your problems, but I carry my own problems. Sister Leslie, if I don't look past that, if I just concentrate on my problems, I'll miss out on what God has done for me. So, Amazing Grace, as we stand and sing this song as a pastor comes, Amazing Grace, maybe sing it in a way that you've shut the doors and it's just you and him. And you're telling him, "Amazing grace, amazing grace, how sweet the sound like Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus Christ. Heat. Heat. to bless you this morning. Happy to be in the house of the Lord and greet you once again in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to First Kings chapter 17. First Kings 17. Who is the brother in the back there? Do we know? Is that brother Paulo Manuelas? Brother Manuel is pastors a church here in town by NAU on Ori Street. &gt;&gt; Is that correct? And um this week we had an opportunity to meet him and spoke with him at a funeral and um and yeah, just a wonderful spirit. God bless you, brother. And we're happy to have you with us. Praise the Lord. I thought that was you. I just couldn't. It's the distance, brother. So, praise the Lord. First Kings 17 and we'll read the first seven verses. Bible says, "And Elijah the Tishbite, who was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab, as the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be due nor rain these years, but according to my word." The word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan. And it shall be that thou shalt drink of the brook, and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there. So he went and did according unto the word of the Lord. For he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan. And the ravens brought him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in the evening. And he drank of the brook. And it came to pass after a while that the brook dried up because there had been no rain in the land. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we we bow before you this morning, Lord. We're just at your mercy, Father. And we thank you for your word as we've read it. We know it's blessed. It's anointed, Lord. And your word very word teaches us that it will not return void, but it will establish. It will have a purpose, and that purpose will not be defeated. So, we thank you for that this morning. We accept it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ be with us this morning Lord in spirit be with us in truth Jesus name we pray. Amen. You can be seated and in the message spiritual food in due season. Brother Brandon preaches it the July 18th of 65. And that morning he preaches uh trying to do God a service without it being in his will. The next Sunday he preaches anointed ones at the end time and what's the attraction on the mountain. And so in this middle of these very powerful section of sermons he preaches spiritual food in due season. And he uses these very seven verses to minister this message. And in these verses there's nothing about food in due season. And so uh but he does use that as a title. And certainly there's a there's a reference to food here and a reference to food in the season when food would be needed. But in Psalms, and you don't have to turn with I would just like to read a few of the verses where the Bible talks about food or meat or something coming from the Lord in the appropriate time, in the appropriate season. In Psalms 104 and verse 24, the Bible says, "Oh Lord, how manifold are thy works. In wisdom hast thou made them all. The earth is full of thy riches. So is this great and wide sea wherein things wherein are things creeping, innumerable, both small and great beasts. And the psalmist is writing about perhaps the sea, but how great the works of the Lord are. There's things that are creeping. They're small and they're great. They're they're large and small. There's beasts. And he says, "There go the ships. There's the Leviathan whom thou hast made to play therein. These wait all upon thee that thou mayest give them their meat in due season. And it doesn't matter the size of the beast or the insect or the fish or whatever the foul of the air might be or whatever's in the water. They all wait for God to provide for them something in the appropriate time that they would have need. In Proverbs 15, it says, "Without counsel, purposes are disappointed or purposes are defeated. But in the multitude of counselors those very purposes are established. It said who's excuse me a man that hath the man hath joy by the answer of his mouth and a word spoken in due season. And I like how the word finishes here. How good is it? It's almost like saying there's nothing better than when you need something from the Lord and maybe you've thought that you had an idea or you had plans or you had counselors and you wanted to go a certain direction but then you would you would seek counsel and by the m multitude of counselors wisdom might come to you and and a man has joy by the answer of his mouth and if there's a word that God gives you this morning maybe God would just speak one word that but it's the very word that you had need of this morning and you have need of a word and I don't know what you need and and and brother Donna, none of us know what the word that you need is, but God knows. Now, how good would it be if you have need of a word, you have need of a nourishment of something, and God gives you that thing that the the the psalm the the person who writes the proverbs here, Solomon perhaps would say, "How good is that word?" You know, when you're craving uh like Sister Dette, she won't mind me saying this, but when she wants a Coca-Cola, she doesn't want it to taste bad. She doesn't want it to be watered down. She doesn't want it, you know, to not have enough ice. She likes it cold. She likes it from McDonald's, you know. She wants it in a small cup, lots of ice. And if she has a need or a desire for that very thing, her body wants that, you know, it's a nourishment. And how good is that when when you could just put that, you know, just to your lips and begin to drink it. Now, if that's a natural nourishment and your body goes, "Oh, how good is it?" Well, this morning, God has ability to give you a spiritual nourishment of the very nourishment that you have need of. Not that I think you need, not that a pastor might have an idea that the congregation needs, but God knows what each and every person has need of, and he's able to provide that. Matthew 24 says, "Therefore, be ye also ready, for in such an hour as you think not, the Son of man cometh." Who then is a faithful and wise servant whom the Lord hath made ruler over his household to give them meat in due season. So God has rulers over his household, and they're called servants in this case. And brother Brandon would say it like this that the buzzards or excuse me the ravens that would feed Elijah, he said those were the very servants. And he said bless those ravens in one place that they gave food to the prophet. And so the prophet needed food. And here was a servant. And a servant doesn't know what the what the people need. He just knows he's directed by God and and he goes and tries to find a sandwich. And who knows where the ravens got those sandwiches. It doesn't matter. But brother Brandham says that they brought Elijah the sandwiches morning and night just exactly what he had need of. And so God is able today, you have a need this morning to give you a spiritual food in the very season that you have need of it. Now what happens here in this story is Elijah, these are the very first words that the very first time that Elijah is even mentioned in the Bible here. Here it just comes. Elijah, he was of the inhabitants of Gilead, said unto Ahab. There's no mention of where Elijah came from. It doesn't mention his lineage like Joseph. You know, he was born in a household his father loved him and made him a coat and then his brothers didn't like him and and and they put him in a pit and sold it. None of that for Elijah. Nothing like, you know, Abraham came from a household where his father made idols or or Moses was raised and he was put in a basket when he was a young boy or, you know, Noah had this up. None of that for Elijah. His very first time he's mentioned is right here in King 17. He just comes out of nowhere. And the very first words that he says and he says them to Ahab, he says, "Listen, you're doing wrong. You're sinning. And because you're doing that, there's not going to be due or rain these years, but according to my word. Now, how bad could Ahab have been that the very first words that the prophet of God would speak to him would be, listen, there's not going to be rain. And not only not going to be rain. Rain is not, you know, we're in a drought and that's something and it's really bad and certainly we want to see some snow next week. How many? A couple of us probably. I want Lake Pal to fill up cuz I like to fish, you know. So, it's a little uh selfish on my part. But listen, we need we're in a drought. But how bad would the drought be if there was not even any dew on the ground? Like that's another level of drought. So, if you just go back, so the very first thing that Elijah's mentioned is he comes out of nowhere and he says there's not going to be rain. You never heard of him before. No lineage. No, we know he's from Tishb, but we don't even know where the town Tishb is. I looked it up online. It's been a while and there's they don't even know where it is today. Just came out of nowhere. And then he speaks a harsh word to the people. The Bible says this just four or five verses earlier that Ahab and uh first Kings 16. And Ahab said the son of Om and Ahab the son of Omry did evil in the sight of the Lord above all that were before him. And there was a lot of evil before him. And it came to pass as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam, the son of Nabet, that he took to wife Jezebel, the daughter of Ethbal, king of the Zidonians, and went and served Baal and worshiped him. This it wasn't bad enough that you walked after Jer. You went and married a worshipper of Baal. And then you went and served Baal just like your wife did. And he reared up an altar for Baal and the house of Baal which he had built in Samaria. And Ahab made a gro and Ahab did more, the Bible says, to provoke the Lord God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him. No wonder a prophet would have to come literally out of nowhere and provide a curse over the land just because of these sins that Ahab did. And then the Bible says, "In his days did he the Bethlite build Jericho. He laid the foundation thereof in Abberam, his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest son, Segub, according to the word of the Lord, which he spake by Joshua, the son of Nun. What in the world is going on there? So this guy, the Bethlite, built Jericho. He laid a foundation and set up gates according to the word of the Lord. And what that is saying there is that his firstborn he tried to build up Jericho and his firstborn died in the foundation thereof or in the building of the foundation and then his young excuse me and then his youngest son died setting up the gates thereof as Joshua said. That's what that scripture actually means because Joshua said that that's what happened. Go to Joshua 6:26. Pull that up. And Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive in her father's household and all that she had. And she dwelleth in Israel, even unto this day, because she hid the messengers which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho. And Joshua adjured them at that time, saying, "Cursed be the man before the Lord that riseth up and buildeth this city Jericho." Now in the days of Ahab, here goes a man, and he goes to raise up what God has already cursed. And Joshua, he continues and he says this, he'll lay the foundation in his firstborn and his youngest son, he'll set the gates up. It's like this that that when God sends a word out, that word doesn't have an expiration date. So if God says something and and the word has gone forth, you know, if there was an expiration date on a gallon of milk, we think nothing of it. You know, it's it's going to be good for two weeks and maybe it'll go for a couple extra days. But when God says that Jericho is cursed and don't build up the foundation and don't build up the gates, that's what he means. And that goes forever. It's been a couple hundred years, but the word of the go of God stands today. And it's the same word that'll stand forever. If you know, by his stripes, you're healed. Does not have an expiration date. It didn't expire in 1965. It didn't expire in 1947. But that word still holds with great value today. if you'll accept it, if you'll believe it. All right. So now, so now they do this evil thing and they try to rebuild a cursed city. And now Elijah just comes out of nowhere. Brother Bam says this. Now that type there that I'm going to type Elijah with the church today, the church of today, just before judgment, he received this message. Elijah, he represented being cared for in the natural, his natural food, because it wasn't going to rain. Now, according to the word of God, for three years and six months, or until Elijah called for it, whatever time you say, Elijah, that's what it'll be. Therefore, he walked up to the king and said, "There'll not even be due fall till I call for it." That's quite a load, isn't it? That's quite a message. And we have today, saints, we have something like this. Quite a message. And I'm very thankful for quite a message because I don't think I would have the courage to stand up here unless the prophet of God had stood and cried out against every evil in Leodysia. I wouldn't be able to stand up here and cry out like he cried out unless he did it first and pave the way for you and I to sit under a great message. Oh, what a message. It was quite a message. And now we're going to be that type with the spiritual drought of today. We're going to type that. Now, we all know, we're all very aware that there's a great spiritual drought in the land today. Ain't that interesting? Spiritually speaking, and you know, that was predicted by the prophets just before the second coming of Christ would be said, there will come a famine in the land, and it won't be for bread alone, but for the hearing of the word of God. And that day is now. And I think that day is still now, hearing the true word of God. So he gives us a little bit of clarification on what that hearing is. It's not, you know, just a famine for hearing like a part of the word of God. And there's many ministers today throughout this country that would take a portion of the Bible and they would begin to speak that portion of the Bible and they would leave out what their organization doesn't accept in the Bible. You know, there's organizations who today do not accept divine healing. And so the preacher can't preach that. And so there's a famine for the hearing of divine healing in the land today. And there's preachers who fail to preach about holiness because, you know, it might offend somebody in their church if they would say, "Sisters, you better dress right. You better dress modestly. You better put a skirt on. You better have long hair. And it better be long. And it not better not be tight." But there's a famine for hearing that today. There's no hearing of that today in the churches. It's just not. There's a famine for it except in some places by God's grace. Okay? It won't be okay. And that day is now. Now this types the natural drought with the spiritual sin and unbelief by false teachers and modernists in the church had brought the place to this coming oncoming judgment. Then they had turned from God's word and his prophet to a modern theological terms of the word. It's in Amos chapter 8. It says this, "Behold the day come, sayaeth the Lord, that I will send a famine in the land. not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the Lord. And they'll wander from sea to sea and from the north to the east, and they shall run to and fro and seek the word of the Lord, and they will not find it. It's a famine. It's a lack of hearing the true word. Now, notice what it's not a famine of. It's not a famine of churches. There's so many churches, you know, we we passed 10 churches on the way to church this morning. if you drove any distance at all. It's not a a famine for denominations or programs. It's definitely not a famine for buildings or live streams. There's certainly no shortage of of YouTube shorts today. You know, there's not a famine of what anybody would just say. There's not a famine on Christian music. There's plenty of Christian music out there and there's plenty of good and there's plenty of bad, but but that's not what the famine is. There's there's not a famine, you know, in many churches for offering and there's not a famine for for certain things. But well, there is a famine for one thing and that's the hearing of the true word of the almighty God. And it said that there would be a famine. But from this pulpit by God's grace, as long as I'm here and brothers like brother Donald is here and brother Ryan and these brothers, there will be the word of God. Preach from this pulpit. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. There's not a famine, you know, even for good teaching, good moral teaching. You can find any number of good books. I began to read one the other day by CS Lewis and and it's a very good book. he wrote in the 40s after the war and and sure it's fine and it's good, you know, it's good moral teaching and and it's good Christian thought. But for me to feed my spiritual soul, &gt;&gt; I've got to have something with a little more depth to it, a little more Listen, Sister Dette and I, we went to we we lived in Paige for a couple years and we went to the Catholic church and the Mormon church. We went to the I think Church of Christ where they had no music literally. It was singing but there were no instruments and and you know like I said the Lutheran church and finally just so we could glean a little speck of word we ended up at the assembly of God and so and we took but even then listen I was raised eating meat like spiritual meat and so when I go somewhere else and no offense to anybody would be from a different place this morning but let me tell you I can't get what I need unless it's the full word of God preach the message of the hour of today. That's it. There's a famine. The plenty of preachers, not a famine for religious services down the street. I think they have three a week or three a day, excuse me. They got like a morning, you know, if you want to watch football, you go at 9:00 and you're done by 10:00, you go watch football. And, you know, if you sleep in late, you can go at 11:00 and and you can, you know, whatever happens after that. And and you know, we've got a service Saturday night. If you don't like going on Sunday, you go on Saturday night. But it's a famine for the true word of God to be preached. But it will, you know, there is a spiritual food, but it's a due season and it's a due place. Praise the Lord. Okay, there's a drought today. And then he says this, but when God sends forth a message and tells his people and and they don't receive it, then he withdraws his servant and sends his plagues, famine, death, spiritually speaking, physically also. You watch for a depression, brother. You think you've seen something. You just wait after a while. You haven't seen nothing. You think you're dying for a good spiritual revival. You wait till after a bit. You just wait long and cried to hear the word of God. The Bible said, "So there'll be a famine in the last days, said the prophet, not for bread and water alone, but for hearing the true word of God. But that voice will be quiet in the wilderness, somewhere hid away." Notice though, there was Elijah and he was somewhere hid away. But God brought him to a place and the brook is called the brook Cherith. And so he he brings him down there and the Bible says he brought him there. And if you keep reading the next chapter or two, the Bible teaches that Ahab was looking for him year after year trying to find Elijah. He probably didn't believe when Elijah first said it. So he just let him say it and then let him go. But then when the drought started to come, he began to say, "I want to find that guy." and he began to get angry in his spirit. And Obadiah says, "Listen," he says, "Ahab's after you and wants to kill you." Notice, he doesn't go after you cuz he wants to repent. But Ahab went after him cuz he or excuse me, went after Elijah cuz he wanted to kill Elijah. And Obadiah later says, "Listen, I'm not going to tell him you're alive. As soon as I show up there, he's going to kill me." But see, when the word of God comes to you and maybe after a minute, you recognize it to be true. Don't get angry at the messenger. It's the word of God. Accept it. Repent and move forward. That's what Ahab should have done. But he gets angry just a couple chapter chapters later. And he wants to kill him. And he seeks him. Obadiah say he's been looking for you for years. He hasn't been able to find you. Why? Because God has you and me hidden in a secret place in Christ Jesus. Even when the Antichrist comes to find us, we're going to be hidden away. Did you know that? Before the Antichrist can come and and kill you and take you away, God is going to hide you away out of this world at that time. But for now, you've got a hidden place in Christ Jesus. And in that hidden place, you've got a brook where he's taken you and you can drink from it. And then he's got this spiritual food. Brother Donald, it's right in its due season. Just try it one time if you need something. Just put a tape on and see what it might might say to you. Now, praise the Lord. Not disregarding anybody. You see, not disregarding our churches. No. Sure. But, you know, I believe in the pulpit of many of these churches, we have fine men, good men, real men of God. But they're afraid if they say anything that's contrary to what the organization says, they'll be kicked out. Then they're left in the cold. And I believe what man needs is some courage. And I believe that why I believe on God wants to take some somebody and make make an example to show that he'll take care of them regardless of their organization. And brother Bram says, I hope he'll do that with me. And I confess that same thing, Lord, regardless. And I don't believe we're an organization, but regardless as much as it hurts me. And regardless, as much as it's difficult, it's got to be said many times regardless. Praise the Lord. Oh, I love it. I just Well, I just love the word of the Lord. Okay. What? Brother Ma'am says this. What is the word? Jesus is the word. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us to see the manifestation of the real word of God made manifest according to the scriptures and brought to pass that how people would travel. Notice he's quoting back here in First Kings. He says they'll travel and seek and would fail to find the word. So they're seeking and they're they're looking to and fro and there's a great famine for the word, the hearing of the word of the Lord. And and brother Brandham clarifies what the word is. He says this that he says, "Oh God, we are so glad that we found him." What's the message? If you're going to sum it up, that's it right there. The message is the fullness of Jesus Christ preached in this life. Not partially, not taking what we want and what we don't want. What is the message? The message is the entirety of Jesus Christ in this day. That's what the message is. Praise the Lord. All right, move forward. First Kings 7, get the hints and turn eastward. Now, he's he's talking to Elijah. He says, "Turn thee eastward and hide thyself by the brook Cherith." And and notice he has him turn and he turns a certain way and and eastward. You know, I like to say it like this that that you must if you're going to seek the word of God. You must turn towards the sun, the s o n. And then he says, "You'll drink of the brook. I've commanded the ravens." And and he did that and he went and the ravens fed him. And the brother says, "But Elijah during this time had a secret place that God had ordained for him to go." That's the thing we want to see now just before we have prayer line. Elijah had a secret place provided by God himself. Now, the church never provided it for him. The king never provided it for him. He didn't provide himself. But God provided a secret place for Elijah to be fed all the time during the drought. Notice you have a place, saints, this morning. You're in a drought this morning and you need to be fed. God has a secret provided place for you to be fed during the drought. Where was his food provided day? He didn't need to wonder what's going to happen tomorrow or wonder if the supply ran out. God said, "I've commanded the ravens. They'll feed you." What a wonderful thing. A type of our secret place in Christ. He certainly made a way for Elijah at that time. And and I think we'll move forward here. We don't got a lot of time. But but he made a way in the days of Noah. Now, that way, you could have accepted it or you could have rejected it. But he made a way and many rejected it and drowned in the waters of the flood. And he made a way in Moses's day. And you could have listened to Moses or you could have not listened to Moses. But if you listen to Moses, he made a way for you to come out of Egypt. In Noah's day, he made a way for you to get on the ark. God made a way for Elijah to go to a certain place and receive food. And he's made a way this morning. And that way is the message of the hour. I would have got more than one amen on that, but that's okay. No problem. I don't preach for the amens. I just preach for the preach. Now, we realize, Brother Bam said that we're facing one of the greatest hours that history has ever known. It isn't exactly the warhead with the bright shiny missile with a head on it that we should be afraid of. It's the churches we should be afraid of. It's the hour that we're living in that we should watch. Notice God made a way for Elijah to escape it. And he's made a way for his believing children to escape it now. The wrath and the things to come. He's definitely made a way. And we're getting to the point, saints, where it's the end of time. And I keep saying, say, "Brother Steve, you say that every week." Well, guess what? I've been hearing it. 50, 48 years in this church. That's okay. It just means it's more and closer and closer. Let me tell you, I just had this thought, Brother Donald, while you were talking. I was thinking back there, you know, Brother Donald, one day is going to hear a knock at the door. I just believe it, Brother Donald. It'll be a knock at the door. And And I don't know who'll be standing there. Could be your father-in-law. It could be you just anybody, you know, that God would put there. But but you hear a knock at the door. But I believe something like this that that he'll get his foot and put it on the floor and all of a sudden he'll be like, "Why doesn't my foot hurt this morning?" Well, that's going to be a different morning than any other morning that it's had. And he might not even notice it, but he's just going to walk to the door normal, go, "Praise God, my something something's different. I don't know what it was." And when you open the door, there'll be somebody standing there that also accepted the way that you accept it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, this was striking to me that he pre he he he speaks the word of the Lord and there's a drought. And in verse 7, it says, "And it came to pass after a while that the brook dried up because there had been no rain." And that's like interesting. So, wait a minute. You spoke the word of the Lord for a drought. Then God led you over to a brook and because of the drought, the brook dried up. You ever had that happen in your life? You feel completely led of the Lord. And I mean, you know, you you did something and you God led you to a certain place and then all of a sudden it's like it dries up. You're like, "What is going on?" But I know I'm led here, but it's drying up. And and and it's just it's it's paradox. It's confusing many times to the believer that those things would happen. You'd be led somewhere to do something to talk to somebody or to go somewhere to build a house or a new job, whatever it might be. You know, you're led of God &gt;&gt; and then you that that thing happens or you go and do that thing and then it just not, you know, it might be a while. The Bible says Elijah was there a while. So, he's there a while and all of a sudden it dries up and you go, "But I was led here, God, how is it drying up now? Where what am I going?" But you know, God has a great plan. And his plan, you know, it it's outside of time. It's outside of how long you might think a great while might be. It's outside of how long you you think you got to go do something or be somewhere that's outside completely of God's thought. Because if you go to a different location, there's a little woman and her husband has died and she's got a son and she's by herself and she's by herself with like a tiny bit of food left because of this great drought. Also, she's got just a little bit of food left. She's got a tiny bit of oil left. If she combines the little bit of grain and the little bit of oil and and it makes a cake and her son, you know, she's looking at him maybe like some of those children in Africa. But we saw this morning that they just got no food and and they're skinny and and so she's at like her wits end. And God loves to get us there. I hate to say it because I he loves it. Let me do what the psalmist says about your wits end. Many Anyone remember years ago we preached on a wit's end? They go down Psalms 107:23. They that go down to the sea and ships, they do business in great waters. They see these see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep. If you ever been on a big ship on a cruise, you look around and you can't see land anywhere. And these that that are sailors and they're on a boat, they see the works of the Lord. They see his wonders in the deep. He commandeth and raiseth the stormy wind which lifteth up the waves thereof. They mount on up to the heaven. Okay, you ever been on a boat like that and the waves are so massive that you go up and all you're seeing, you look up and all you see is the sky and then you come down and all you see is the depths of the sea. You're completely at the mercy of the waves of the sea. They mount up, they go down to the depths of their soul is melted because of trouble. Now, if you're in a hurricane, you're in a battle, you're in a torment this morning, think about this that God, you know, you see his great wonder and and you're thrown up and all you can see is all, you know, blue sky and then boom, you're coming down and all you can see is the depths of the sea and you've got no hope. You're troubled in your spirit. Their soul is melted because of trouble. They reel to and fro. They stagger like a drunken drunken man. And the Bible says this, they're at their wits end. And what that means in in Spanish, it says this. All of their all of their their their sensia, their knowledge is useless. That's what it means. The brother speaks Spanish there. It says something like this, brother. It's all it's useless. your science, your knowledge when you're in the when you're in the storm. Whatever you know is useless really. I mean, I'm talking about like intellectual knowledge. So, that knowledge in the middle of the storm of of life. Well, I'm going to read a good self-help. It might help you. Not saying it won't hurt, you know, won't help you, but even the all the psychology that you would have useless. All the pills a doctor would give you. Brother Bannon would say it like this. The doctor could give you whatever he wants, but he himself will have to confess God is the healer. So, you tried everything. All your science, all your knowledge is useless. You're at your wits end. That means God has drugged you to the very end of what you know and what you can do. And he purposely did that. He let you go all that way to prove to you you can't do it. You can row and row and roll against the storm, but boom, you're thrust up and then you're thrust down. All of your ability as a sailor, useless. I love the next verse. Then they cry unto the Lord and their trouble, and he brings them out of their distresses. Oh, that ought to make you happy. Listen, Lord, when I get to my wit's end, I cry unto you &gt;&gt; and you bring me out of your distresses. So, here's the the widow woman, you know, she's she's she's I mean, she's got nothing left. She's got a little bit of cake and a little bit and she thinks, you know, I'm going to eat that. But then God, she thought that was the end of her rope. This is the end of my rope, Brother Donald. I've got meal and I've got oil. Mix them together and then I'm at the end of the rope. No, that's not the end of your rope. The end of the rope is when a prophet comes to you and says, "You can't even have that. Give that to me." That's wits end. I mean, that's officially you're at your wit's end cuz you thought you were going to have that last cake. And a prophet came, a prophet of God sent because his very brook dried up. &gt;&gt; Sent to you. Now you're You think you're at your wit's end. You thought that was it. I gotta eat this and and that's it. But God says, "You think you're at the end of your rope? I'm gonna push it even farther &gt;&gt; to prove who you are." &gt;&gt; And I can only say this from experience. I have been at the absolute end of the rope. You mean the end of the rope is where you're at the end of the rope. I have been at the absolute end of the rope and watch God test me even farther. Then I'm at my wit's end, Brother Donnie. And then I cry unto the Lord. How many has cried unto the Lord? If you're in distress this morning, go like this. Lord, I'm at my wits end. Brother Steve has just said that and I believe it and I it's it's in the it's in the scripture. I'm at my wits end. All my knowledge I've determined, Lord, it's useless. Cry unto the Lord. What What will he do? What What does the scripture say he'll do? Put that up, Sister Pauline. He says they'll cry and he'll bring them out of their distresses. He makes the storm a calm &gt;&gt; so that the waves thereof are still &gt;&gt; I mean just no problem if you don't amen it. Just let it sink in. No problem. Okay. So now he he he makes the storm a calm and the waves they go still and then there then are they glad because they be quiet. So he bringeth them unto their desired haven. Oh, that men would praise the Lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men. That lady got to what she thought was a wick's end. And then she she had to do nothing but say something like this. At your word, I'll do it. Brother Bam says this, "But all the time God was working." She didn't know about it, but God told Elijah he dried up the brook, reached out his hand and stopped the brook from running. And Elijah said, "Lord, why'd it stop?" &gt;&gt; Think about that. How many times? I mean, this is the prophet now. Well, he had to stop it cuz he got a greater purpose. He said, "I've commanded a women w a widow woman to feed you." He already commanded her. She didn't know it. Commanded a widow woman with one cake left &gt;&gt; to feed the prophet. &gt;&gt; And let me tell you, every time I open up, 125 messages, I mean, that's it's it might look just like a little cake, brother Donald, but it never runs dry. I just keep feeding on it and keep feeding on it. It might look like one message and it is and I just keep feeding on it keeps opening up and opening up. If you do that this morning and you'll open up the message of the hour and you just begin to feed on the word of God, it will never run dry. Just open up your Bible this morning. You're at your wits end. Just open up your Bible, cry unto the Lord in your distress and he will deliver you out of that. Praise God. Oh my. I got Well, we do have a tiny just a tiny bit of time now. She identifies herself as a believer of this prophet. So she he comes and and she says it may we'll just we'll just read it there. And she said verse 12 of of 17 chapter 17 and and she said as the Lord thy God liveth I have not cake but a handful a meal in a barrel and and a little oil and a cruise and said behold I'm gathering two sticks the cross. Brother Brandham said, by the way, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son that we may eat it and die. I mean, you talk about wits in. This is the very thing we're going to eat and then we're going to die. And Elijah said unto her, "Fear not. Go and do as you've said. But make me a little cake first and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and thy son, for thus saith the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruise of oil fail until the day that the Lord sends rain upon the earth." This message will not fail until the the day that God sends rain. It'll carry you right on through to the end. Just keep feeding on it, saints, and identify yourself with the prophet of God. The message of don't be afraid. &gt;&gt; I and I want to ask you because just there's an identity crisis today. We're going to just in the next 10 minutes, we'll close with this. It's a thing that people can go and identify how they want to identify. They they well just not to get too political. It's not even political. Just just social and perversion really, but in Matias's class a few years ago at NAU, they were identifying themselves or they were introducing themselves to the class and somebody got up there and she identified herself as a dog and she began to bark to the class. And not even to make fun of her, but to think how sad it is is that someone could identify as something that they're not. And then today, you'll see that that people would say, "I'm a, you know, they were bor they were birthed a man or a boy and and they would say, well, I want to be I want to identify as a woman or they I don't even know what I am." they say many times and so would you just call me they just make it neutral and and they think that that they can identify how they want to a man would say you know I want to be a woman and and I want to identify that way but but here's the thing saints and this just occurred to me yesterday while I was studying and and maybe someone's taught on it but it's like this you can't identify with what you can push yourself into or put on or even a surgeon could make you a certain way you can't identify that way you can't have a mental thought and say, "I identify as whatever my mental thought is." But your true identity comes from your birth. &gt;&gt; Now, take that into the natural. Now, you're born a boy or a girl, and that's your identity. That's what you are. You can't identify any other way. That's how you're born. And let me tell you this morning, you can't put on enough of enough skirts and enough long hair and enough, you know, uh, cake makeup off your face to identify as a message believer. You can't do it. Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; You can't I mean you can't do it. You just can't. You just I've tried by the way. You can't do it. You men you can't you can't like put away the pornography off of your phone and you can't stop cussing and stop drinking and drug and and then smoking and then say I now because I stopped all that. I now identify as a message believer. Never will work. I listen to the tapes and I've heard the prophet of God. Therefore I am a message believer. But Christ must be birthed into your heart and that is what identifies you as a Christian. &gt;&gt; You just start there first of all. But you must be birthed saints. That's your identif that if you're a boy, you were born into this world a boy or a girl. If you were born that way, that's how that's your natural identity. You can get a feminist spirit, you can get whatever, no problem. But you don't change your identity. And now I was born a sinner by birth. &gt;&gt; We are all born in sin. It's scriptural. So you were born a sinner. So now if you want to identify any other way, you got to be born &gt;&gt; again. It's just a kind of a simple teaching, right? Like you want to identify as a message quote message believer. How about this? Be born again. How about be birthed and have the and have God fill your soul. And then you know what'll happen? Say, "Well, I don't know where to go to church and I don't know how to study and I don't know how to do this." You know what the Bible says? Why don't we trust in the word? The comforter will come and he'll lead you into all light and truth. And so if you tell me, "Brother Steve, I I have been led not to follow like you know whatever you know what you believe or what the message of the hour is." Well, fine. And then I questioned who's leading you if if that's the case. Because if you if I'm birthed by the Lord Jesus Christ, the comforter in my soul will lead me all the light and truth. You know, Luther came. Well, let me go this direction just for a minute. So you said, Brother Steve, do you identify as a a Christian? Yes. Well, I know some Christians who failed. Well, you're looking at one. I mean, what are you talking about? Let me ask you like this. Do you identify with Peter when he said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." &gt;&gt; You identify with Peter. What about What about when he received the Holy Spirit? You identify with Peter. I identify with Peter when he walked on water. You know, one time, Brother Ray, I'm going to go to Lake Pal. I don't even need your boat. You know, I'm just going to walk over there. I'm going to be fishing off the water. But see, I identify with him in that and I identify with him when he walked on and received the Holy Ghost and when he said, "Thou art the Christ the son." I identify with all that. Well, what about when he had denied the Lord Jesus three times, &gt;&gt; but let me tell I'm just criticize me later. I identify with that. &gt;&gt; Why? Cuz I failed. &gt;&gt; And if he failed, it actually makes me feel good to identify with someone who failed and then got back up. I identify with Peter when he failed. What about what about brother Steve when he was eating with the Gentiles and the Jews came in and he got up and walked out and became a hypocrite. Do you identify with that? Well, listen, I don't want to be that way. But I do realize that I'm going to make mistakes and I might even become a hypocrite. And I pray that brother Donald will come to me and say, "Brother Steve, you become a hypocrite. You better correct your way." And then I'll identify with Peter and say, "Praise God, I was wrong. Help me, Lord." You can't just identify with Peter and all the good and fail to why? Well, listen. You need the saving grace that Peter had. The one that the Lord come to him after he was raised after Peter denied him. The Lord's come and said, "When you're converted, feed my sheep, feed my lambs." I identify with the man who fails and then gets back up. Cuz why? &gt;&gt; That's me. Oh, that's me today, by the way. You know, that's me yesterday. And this morning, I woke up just ask asking not to be so condemned in my soul for all the mistakes I make. And then have to come up here knowing the kind of like flesh that I'm wearing and then speak and go, I can't, Lord. You just, you know, maybe brother Donald will just start preaching. An hour will go by and I won't even have to come out. Maybe someday brother Donald will work it out like that. I identify with the mistakes Peter made because I make them. But more importantly, identify with how he got back up. And that's what I want. If you're going to be a a believer, see, you can't just can't just identify with, you know, Brother Bam said it like this. I was I was there with George Washington and I was there with Abraham Lincoln. I was there the at the Delaware when they crossed and I was there. And listen, identifying as an American, I take the bad with the good, but I'm still an American. And he would say it like that. And I'm still a Christian saint and I believe the message of the hour and I and I identify with all of you. No, brother Steve, I I make mistakes. &gt;&gt; The chief of sinners right here. Paul, I got to argue with Paul. Said Paul said I'm greater than the chief. I'm not denying the word. I'm not disagreeing with the word. But I look at my own self and go, I think I got you beat. Paul, we'll have a little thing when we get to heaven. Actually, we won't because the sins will be under the blood. Praise the Lord. So your identity comes from above. Now listen, brother Ram said this and I don't know it's a few down. Sister Pauline says to me, I want to see what's promised for the day. I want to know what the light of the hour is so I can know how to walk in it. I want to know where I'm living, what age I'm in, how far up the road am I. I want to know that. Don't tell me like how how it used to be or that. I want to know right now where am I at. As Paul said, I could stand quoting again, forgetting those things that are in there in the past. I press now. I press towards the mark, the high calling to the complete identification. That's what we're at nowadays, saints. Luther, we'll close with this as you musicians come. Luther would come and he would take the Bible and he would take one verse, the just shall live by faith. You know, he took that and it would be like this. It would be like uh turn this microphone on here, brother Tim. I'm just going to I need to demonstrate something here. Okay, so it would be like taking the flashlight of this of this of this iPad. I don't even know if does this have a flashlight, brother Tim? Probably not. Okay, this Well, we used to have a flashlight up here. Taking a little phone flashlight and shining it on the Bible. And that was good. And it it it gave a lot of And you know what it did? It practically destroyed the Catholic Church. the just shall live by faith. And then Wesley came along and he had like a little bit more like a spotlight that he shined on. And then Pentecost came along and it was like two high beams shining on the word of God. But now the word of God, forgive me, I'm just going to go walk. Well, we'll take this. Now, this Bible has been placed in the sun. The entire light of the solar system is shining on the word. &gt;&gt; Now that's the complete identification of the bride today. We don't have just that. We do have the just shall live by faith. But not only that, we do have sanctification. Praise God. We should have it. But not only that, we do have Pentecost. We ought to see the gifts moving in the church. But then we also have every light that the sun has has been shined on the word. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want to be completely identified with that. Stand with me this morning. Not a not a partial identification, not a little bit of light. That's fine. You know, I I spoke with a couple brothers today that or this week, excuse me, not from around here and we begin to just jostle a little bit and they're starting not to believe what we believe. And I begin to argue with them and it hurt my soul. But but so that's why I'm preaching this this morning. Quite frankly cuz I see Satan trying to go after what we believe. It's the entire solar system of light shined on the word. Not a little bit. You can take a little bit. It's fine. It's just not for me. I'm going to take the entirety, the whole thing opened up for you and I. And we need it, by the way, because it's spiritual food in due season. Praise God. But I hope that would bless you this this morning and and then maybe encourage you to just continue on. Praise the Lord. Oh God. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Oh yeah. Amen. How about mercy rewrote my life, brother Manuel? Oh, heat, heat. wants me to he wants me to interpret for him. I just ask him to dismiss just introduce himself and dismiss us in a word of prayer. &gt;&gt; Uh my name is Manuel Hernandez. &gt;&gt; My name is Manuel Hernandez. I'm a pastor &gt;&gt; about 20 years. &gt;&gt; We thank the Lord &gt;&gt; for being here together. &gt;&gt; We're part of the body of Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank God for bringing here me here with you. and I love you in the love of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, we give you thanks in this hour &gt;&gt; for the bread that was shared today for your word, Lord. &gt;&gt; Your word is perfect. Your word is what gives us life day by day. Lord, &gt;&gt; the word that was expressed today about Elijah, Lord, &gt;&gt; in this time, Lord, &gt;&gt; we need that word, Lord, so that we would be comforted. So that you'd be help, we'd be helped. You'd be &gt;&gt; today, Lord. &gt;&gt; You're our provider. the same as you provided to Elijah the food you provide for us today Lord. &gt;&gt; We give you thanks Holy Father &gt;&gt; for your word Lord we bless your church your children your sons and daughters &gt;&gt; we give you thanks Guide us to our homes, Lord. &gt;&gt; We give you thanks, Holy Father, in this day. &gt;&gt; For your love and your mercy, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. Thank you very much. Oh mercy reiss with you when you go. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Where are you? Hallelujah. Heat. Oh, Glory. Glory. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I sound like I can use that. Please take your time.
