################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - Sunday Morning Service - January 4, 2026 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    Sunday Morning Service - January 4, 2026
Speaker:  
Church:   Flagstaff Mission Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ0Q2wwv39E
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Thank you. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. I remember it. I love Hallelujah. Hallelujah. See you. Oh, thank you. Jesus Now you come Hallelujah. Feel free. Hallelujah. Oh my god. Yes, Lord. Christ. Hey. Hey. Oh, hey. Hey. Thank you. Hey. Oh, you We Hallelujah. Wow. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Thank you Let's stand. Brother Ryan, I uh I say with this with boldness, the Holy Spirit, I know when the Holy Spirit's pleased. And you started playing by yourself and that's how I'd ask that you'd started. No other instruments and just let us consider. But you started playing How Great Thou Art. And I knew the Holy Spirit was pleased. So, let's just take a moment. We're not going to sing along. We're just going to consider the words and how they mean to each of us. How great thou are truth? merciful. We'll sing this chorus just before we turn the service. Brother Steve a great hell and sing my soul my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sing my soul, my savior, God to thee. How great th Lord bless you this morning. Welcome you to the house of the Lord. For those who are visiting or guests, everybody's family. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Sure. The blood of Jesus Christ unites us in a special way. It's a deeper connection than a mother and father would be to their son or daughter. So, we welcome you and we're happy to worship with you this morning. Some days there's like no prayer requests that are written in and then some days there's seven. This is one of those days. And so we're going to take these before the Lord and mention them one by one. And as you hear them, would you just place them on your heart as well when we pray, we'll pray together for these that the Lord would meet these needs. &gt;&gt; First one for brother Tom and sister Cindy. They're at home not feeling well, still battling a little illness. Much of my family is down in Tucson for baby dedication. I know that's why many of you are here. So, praise the Lord. My parents are here. I thought you were going to be at the dedication. Okay. Praise the Lord. But the rest of them are traveling. So, remember them. Traveling mercies. Sister Rose is suffering from some dental work and Sister Belle isn't feeling well today. So, please remember Sister Rose and Sister Belle. from Sister Cynthia. Please remember Katherine. She needs a touch from the Lord today. We certainly will. For brother Will Rogers writes in for his brother-in-law, Billy Rose. He's having complications with his heart or possibly a stroke. Sounds like that's just happened or recently written in. And then for Zach Bedair uh situation won't go into too much detail but it's very complicated and we really need to lift him up. So we will remember the Bedair family and especially Zach. Then in the last two days, um, brother Kirk called and said on Friday he took a fall or something happened with his knee and and he asked that, uh, he would find the right doctor to manage the situation with a meniscus tear. And then yesterday, Sister Diana Brissy fell and broke her kneecap. And then my wife's aunt, Sister Ruth, fell and broke her nose. And another brother here fell and was serious. He was prayed for and the Lord touched him and it seemed like the devil was after us trying to get us to fall and it just happened just in a couple days. Four people just boom boom boom. And so be careful. But we have a healer and we believe that he's almighty and he's able to meet all these needs. We'll ask him to be with us this morning and to touch these ones who need prayer. Let's bow our heads together and please take each one of these on your hearts and pray with me. Heavenly Father, Lord, we'd bow before you. And Lord, my eyes fell immediately on this young man, Lord, that is in a dire situation, Lord, with a very serious circumstances, Zach Bedair. Lord, we bring that name before you. We lift it up, Lord. You know all things and you're in control of all things, Lord. And may you use these moments, Father, in lives of the ones who are struggling, Lord, or the ones who are in need. May you use them to draw these ones closer to you, Lord, or to bring them back to you, Father. We call this name out before you, the name of Zach Madair. That you would be there, Father, and go to this need and draw him close to you during this time, Lord. And for sister Katherine, Lord, as her mother wrote in, she needs a touch from the Lord. I can raise my hand in confession of that as well, Lord, this morning. I certainly could use a touch from the Lord. And I claim it. I believe that you're here this morning, Lord, and you're able to provide that touch. I claim it for myself and for this sister, for this entire body, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord for brother Will's brother-in-law Billy Rose and this immediate situation with this hard or poss we don't know what it is Lord but you know and you've known a long time father that this would be an occurrence and then you're able to go to that situation and remedy whatever the situation would be Lord and for sister Rose we know dental work father so close to your mind sometimes it can affect you and make it hard for you to even think and Lord we'd ask that you'd give her a special touch and ease the pain. And Sister Belle, Lord, as well, Sister Rose that they're going through. We'd ask that you'd touch them. Would you go send a ministering angel, Lord, a ministering spirit into their home and comfort them and be there with them? And may the presence of the almighty God be there with them also this morning, Lord. For brother Tom and sister Cindy, no doubt watching online this morning. Lord, would you also be there with them and your presence may it fill their home, Lord? And Lord, for the ones who have fallen that we mentioned, Sister Ruth, Sister Diana, Father, Brother Kurt, the different ones. Lord, you allowed this to happen. And but Lord, at the same time, there's needs here. And we rebuke the devourer in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this morning. And you said by your stripes we were healed. We claim that this morning not only for our brothers and sisters who have fallen, Lord, but for each one who would have a need on their heart, Lord, or maybe by an uplifted hand would need a touch from you. We'd ask that you'd go to meet each need, Lord. And especially and last, but maybe not least, would you come and dwell in our midst this morning, Lord? We'd you be here with us this morning. You're our invited guest, Lord. We invite you into the building. We invite you into our hearts, Lord. May your presence fill a welcome invitation in this building this morning, Lord. May the music go forth in worship and praise. And may you be praised and lifted up this morning, Lord. May the word go forth. May it be right, Lord. May it be pure. And Father, may your spirit go forth and water us, Lord. May we be washed by the water of the L of the word. Be with us this morning, Lord. We thank you for the privilege of coming here. Bless us with your precious anointing. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Lord bless you. I guess you may be seated all except for sister Gabby and brother Chase. Is she here? Brother Chase. There she is. Okay. Praise the Lord. We have a baby dedication this morning. So, Brother Tim, I have I put my mic on so I don't have to hold. Brother Everett, God bless you. Brother Evers, the Lord has led him to move back to Indiana where his wife is and maybe um see how that goes there. So, we're going to pray with Brother Everett maybe at the end of service, but bring them in, Brother Ryan. You know the song, bring them in. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the gent praise the Lord. What a precious gift that the Lord has given to this family. And we're very happy for you. who are happy in the Lord. And oh, you got pretty blue eyes. Well, maybe they'll stay that way. I think they will. Praise the Lord. I know I'm scary to look at. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads together and commemoration of this day, this dedication, this child. And as our prophet taught us, rededicate it back to the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, in the the book of Luke, Lord, it talks about how children were brought to the Lord Jesus. And the Bible says that the disciples began to rebuke them and maybe say, "Don't do that." And Jesus stopped him and he said, "No, suffer the little children for such is the kingdom of heaven. Bring them to me." And he would touch them, Lord. And so in commemoration of that Lord, that moment in the scripture as it's recorded and commemoration of what our Lord Jesus did with children and how you taught us that unless we become like children, we will not inherit the kingdom of heaven. And so Lord, this child Emmery Sheay Wilson, Lord, we dedicate for a life of service. Lord, as brother Brandham taught us, may it may there be a blessing come to this home and may it be a a blessed life, Lord. And may you bless this home, Father. May you bless this child. May you go, Lord, wherever that there would be footsteps on this earth, Lord. May you be with those footsteps. May the life of service, Father, may it be completely dedicated to you, Lord Jesus. May you not only bless and dedicate this child but father would the whole home Lord as our brother Chase is father been gifted with a special gift of service and he served this body and sister Gabby Lord would you bless the entire home for a life of service Lord not only this child as we dedicate it to you but their entire home we ask that you'd be there and would you bless them Lord Jesus we thank you for this opportunity to hold a little child And as we feel it moving in our arms, Lord, may may we become simple also like children and just believe, Lord Jesus. Whatever your word says, may we take it to heart and trust in you. We pray this prayer in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Lord, bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. you. I don't think we'll do a Psalms this morning, but God bless you. Praise the Lord. You're more than welcome to greet the one next to you if you'd like to. If you haven't seen Brother Steve, it's nice seeing you, friend. Brother Jerry, haven't seen you in a while. Mama, it's good to have my mama here. My mother-in-law, each one, each one. What a privilege it is to serve the Lord Jesus Christ. Brother Ryan, I'd like to um just sing the little chorus. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel. I have nobody else to praise this morning. If you'll indulge me, I little child back there that was just dedicated. I held her yesterday and I have a little fireplace that I sit at out back and I held her and she doesn't show much emotion. Brother Steven, you you know that she but I sat and talked to her and I told her how I enjoyed the fireplace and I have somewhere I'm going with this. God help me. I expressed to her what I saw in the flames. I I told her what I felt in the warmth. And we had these conversations. And as he's dedicated, I thought, Lord, that's the way I want to do. I can't do a whole lot to you, but I want to look at you. I want to hear what you have to say this morning. I want to hear how you tell me how great you are. I want to tell you I want to hear you as you express and so my heart soft and all hail King Jesus. So I sing it if you'd sing it with me and help me praise my King, my Lord. All hell king Jesus. Oh man, you are king of kings. Oh, thy morning song. Eternity. I'm going to praise you forever. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. and eternal. I want to praise you. Amen. Amen. I am redeemed. Bought with the price. Amen. Amen. Love the Lord Jesus. You love the Lord Jesus. I'm know you do. I know we do. I I was uh corrected. I was listening to tape and brother Brennham was telling about how he met first met the people in Mishawaka and he you all are very aware he says my when they started clapping I thought in church how could that be my and then he says I seen them start running around my I just never been that well I fall more into a Baptist in a Methodist realm. I'm just going to be honest with you. But every once in a while, I get happy. And it doesn't also necessarily mean that I'm going to jump and shout, but I'm going to sing my redeemer. I'm going to sing with everything I've got in me. I am redeemed. I'm born with a price. My Jesus my life. Oh my god. with Jesus. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I am redeemed. Amen. Amen. I didn't do anything for my salvation. I was freely given. Uh, brother Ryan, I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good is on its way. You say, "Donald, well, today's just the start of another day." You know, today is the only day, the only breath I have is right now. That's all I have. Brother Jerry's shaking his head. He sees it all the time. He flies a helicopter. Everybody's in trouble. My my my nephew back east, he's in trouble. That but he is given a promise of today. If he will turn his eyes to God in this terrible state that he's in, the promise works. &gt;&gt; So it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter what state you're in. Just turn your eyes to him. Oh, I just feel like something good about I just feel Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Amen. Amen. Amen. For Brenda will come. We'll take up more. Brother Ryan, continue to play that song if you don't. I just feel like something good is about to happen. If we're coming to take up, you know, we celebrated our little gathering together of our family last night. My wife decided most my grandchildren and uh a lot of my children haven't ever heard her father's voice. Well, it just so happens that it's on tape is a voice. Well, as this voice went out, I thought I remember that voice. I know that voice. I remember when he'd sit there and talk to me and he would get excited. Sister Cynthia, I can almost see him raise up on his toes like he did. And he would get a little bit loud down in Tucson because he told about something good that happened in his life. He told about a healing, but beyond that healing, he told about a salvation that just covered everything. And you know what? That's the way I feel like this morning. Amen. I just feel like something good is about to happen. Brother Jerry, would you pray? Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you have any father? Lord, I just want to tell you that I love you. Yes. &gt;&gt; I just want to thank you, Lord, for an opportunity to &gt;&gt; gather together around your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It's just almost too much to think that the God that created all the heavens and earth, every mountain and valley and lake that we see also wanted to create men that he could live in. I'm so thankful this morning, Lord, as we give these tithes and offerings, Lord, that you might go forth and find that last one, Lord. May we also give of ourselves today, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Be expecting to receive something. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Of course, I just feel like something good is about to happen. I just feel like something good on his way. He has promised Yeah. Heat. Hey, brother. This will be that very day. Amen. Why not? Amen. Amen. Sister Lexi, you have a song. So, she's making ready. There was 10 children. There's 10 Christians, eight Bibles in our Sunday school class this morning. want to make mention of that. There's also a few announcements that's uh in our bulletin. Um coming up, Lord willing, Thursday, January 8th will be the Bible study location be determined. Um also coming up, Lord willing, at 10:30 on January 18th, Brother Isaac Hatfield and 3:30 evening service. There will be a service this evening in the fellowship hall um for the Spanish-speaking uh people. Uh there's many around, not only our neighbors in the neighborhood next door, but there's others. So, want to make mention that's at 5:00 in the fellowship hall. Amen. So, amen. Lord bless you. It's okay. Is it assurance Jesus is mine? Oh, what a for taste of glory divine. air of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. submission. Perfect. Angels descend. from up above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. All is my savior and happy and blessed. Looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praise my Savior Lord. all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. my savior all the day long. Amen. Truly praising my savior. Amen. If we can stand, change the order of the service. You wouldn't want me to be anybody else but who God made me. And if I was, then I'd be a fake. And you don't want a fake. I sit up here and I think some of you that don't know me, I'm just an open book. I think, Donald, why did you say that? Just keep your mouth shut. telling you what what I fight. I don't get to hide behind anybody. I'm saying that with all respect, but Satan just works on me with a will. You know, I heard a prophet one time say the same things. He said, "Why did I say that?" He said, "I'm sorry." In the next breath, Brother Steve, he says, "No, I'm not. And neither am I. &gt;&gt; If that's what it takes, Laura, just to show who I am, that God saved a wretched sinner, then I will make a fool for myself and myself each and every time. That's my heart's desire. I know no other way to be. I praise him. I don't hopefully make you feel bad. Look out and I don't want you to feel bad. It's a joyous occasion, Brother Gerald. We have everything to live for Jesus Christ for. If I in any way cause you to stumble, look past me. Look at the one that I speak of, the greatest one that I could show you. Let me present to you my Lord Jesus Christ. my simple way. The God of heaven per chance if you don't know him today may become so real to you in the state that you're in. Praise him for he knows all things. He's bigger than anything we could ever imagine. I don't know why I'm going on, but I'm not going to apologize. God knows. I gave him my lips. I gave him my voice. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord singing I love you singing I love You see I love you. Let's just say more time to just lift your hands and worship This is your moment. I see. I see. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm just going to say a prayer again before we go to the word out of Mark chapter 7. Sister Diane, I was just trying to not give too many details, but I understand, you know, I would never do anything, but she wanted the details to be known so that you can pray uh for this situation. So, Zach Bedair has been shot four times and is currently looking at surgery to remove bullets and fragments, and they're concerned about potential paralysis um and maybe at least one leg, it looks like. So that's the situation and now we can go to the Lord once again in prayer and and just pray also for the remainder of our service. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads once again and we acknowledge you Lord in moments like these. We have nowhere to turn. So we turn to you and we don't even know how to turn to you Lord. what direction you are. Many times we just turn to you in our hearts and we face you, Lord. We look upon you and we ask you to look down upon us, Father, and look down upon this situation and have mercy, oh God, on this young man and his family and the situation, Lord, that he's been shot, Lord. And there be surgeons that will need to go in and remove bullets or fragments and figure out how to do it. Let them not be not do anything Lord unless you lead and guide their hands, their scalpels, Lord, the whatever tool they would use to cut out the bullet or the fragment. May you guide every motion of that instrument, Lord. And may you, as our prophet taught us, the doctors can do what they do, but you're the almighty healer and you're Jehovah Rafa. And we accept that for this situation, Lord. We present it before you once again and ask that you would go and meet this need. And we pray for this service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Mark chapter 7. If you would turn in your Bibles. Did Brother Ravi come in? Oh, there you are. You're trying to hide back there, brother. Praise the Lord. Good to have you. And I see a daughter. I see a wife. Is that Victoria? Okay, there you are. God bless you. Do you have a son too? I'm trying to think. Okay. Brother from Georgia and came out visiting us. So, Lord bless our brother. He's a minister and a musician, I believe, at the church back there. So, good to have you with us. Mark chapter 7 and verse 25, I believe. We'll start with seven, verse 25. And I had a title this morning. Maybe it's catchy. I don't know. I feel the Lord put this on my heart a few weeks ago and then I tried to figure out you know I try to not but taking it personally is the title taking it personally in verse 25 it says a certain woman whose young daughter had an unclean spirit heard of him and came and fell at his feet. The woman was a Greek, a Sarrophenician by nation, and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. But Jesus said unto her, "Let the children first be filled, for it is not me to take the children's bread, and cast it unto the dogs." And she answered and said unto him, "Yes, Lord, yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs." And he said unto her, for this saying, go thy way, the devil is gone out of thy daughter. May the Lord added blessings to his word. You may be seated, taking it personally. Um, I think it's something we all do. Maybe we'll just talk honestly for a few minutes and I'll just speak to you from our heart. Uh, you know, ministers say this a lot. Well, I'm just preaching to myself. Well, there should never be a question up here. We're all just preaching to ourselves. And so, we'll just get that out of the way right up front that we're preaching to ourself this morning once again. And um in this story in the book of Matthew, it records the same story in Matthew records the woman as a a Canaanite. It says a woman of Canaan. And then in Matthew 15 verse 28 it says Jesus answered and said unto her oh woman great is thy faith. And the other recording in ma in Mark it says for this saying but Jesus says great is thy faith be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And as I was pondering this thought um I'll say it like this. It takes great faith when the word goes forth and it's true and it's cutting. It takes great faith to not take it personally. And by taking it personally, we use that phrase a lot. You know, it's an English phrase. And I I did look it up. 1850s, I think, is when it was starting to be used. And so as a phrase we use and and it doesn't really mean take it personally because how could you you know if uh Donald was standing up here and I pushed him and then I said Donald don't take that personally. It doesn't really mean don't take it personally. It personally happened to you so it did happen to you. So, you're going to take it like it did happen to you. But what it actually means is don't take offense when the word goes forward and it's true and it might be cutting and it might it might shock your system. It might be something that strikes you and hits you where you've never been hit before. Don't let it offend you in a way. And the word has a way. Okay. And the Lord Jesus in his ministry had a way of getting right to the heart of the matter and not pulling any punches or not trying to sidetrack like we do sometimes. We'll try to be nice to somebody and and we'll say, you know, oh, you know, you that kind of bugged me a little bit. Jesus would have just said it right out what the problem was or or if you make a mistake or somebody makes a mistake and you don't want to offend them, you'll try to be as sweet as possible. You know, you don't want to offend them. But the Lord went to the woman at the well and he said, "You've had five husbands and the one you're living with now is not your husband." And and that could have been very offensive. And if it, you know, it's a very it's a very direct statement and it's a very true statement and it's also a statement that identifies her as an adulteress and currently living in adultery. And so she's he just calls just calls it right out. And that's what the word does. But she doesn't take offense to it. She says, "Well, I perceive that you're a prophet. Are you what's going on here?" Now, she could have said, "Wait a minute." Like many of the Pharisees did. Now, who who made you the ruler over us? Or you make yourself God or you do. They said, "See, they reacted in a way where they took a personal offense." They took it personally. But it wasn't just they took it personally. It was directed at them when he said, "You Pharisees, scribes, hypocrites." It was directed right at them. So, it wasn't, you know, it's not you can't not take it personally. it's it's at you and but they but they reacted with offense. Whereas the woman at the rail well reacted with he's reading my life like no one else has read my life before. He's telling me exactly where I'm at, exactly what I need. And then and her reaction is you must be a prophet. And this this lady's reaction I'll call her a lady because obviously by faith brother Bham says this with or the Bible says this with faith without faith it's impossible to please God. So now it's not that she's a Canaanite, you know, that that that's going to be something that pleases him. And and if you're an American, that's not going to be something that pleases him. You might be a Jew, that's not going to be something that pleases him. But there's an inward Jew that that has the faith of the of the father Abraham, and that faith will be the thing that God looks at and it pleases him. So now she is she's see, you know, she's seeing the situation and and she goes to God. And the reason I say it takes great faith when the word comes forward and it's offensive to not take it personally. It takes great faith because what you have to realize is aside from whatever happens, whatever is said, whatever word, however, my life is exposed doesn't matter. I need healing for my daughter. And so he could tell me to go wash in the Jordan. He could tell me to like like Hezekiah, you know, put some figs on it and he could tell me anything. and and whatever he tells me because I have a great need and I know I've heard of him. The Bible says she heard of him. I've heard that he can heal that need. So whatever he tells me, I have so much faith in the son of God that that he could tell me to go wash in the Jordan, wash in the Mediterranean, run 10 marathon, doesn't matter. I I'm not going to be offended by it. He could tell me I'm a dog. I'm not going to be offended by it. I know that he can heal my daughter. And so you tell me what you tell me. this morning the word might go forth and and tell you what it tells you. Don't be don't take it personally. It's the word and not just this morning when you put a tape on or you read your Bible tomorrow. Whatever the word goes forth and it tells you it tells you how to dress. It tells you how to love your enemy. It tells you to to do good to them that that that persecute you and it tells you these things and you know that person offended me. Well, the word says love your enemy. And so, so now, no matter what the word says, if you have faith that Christ can can heal you and can touch your body and and can save you and and can give you eternal, if you have faith in that, regardless of what he tells you, you're going to go right to him. Tell me what you tell me. Clean up my life. Well, you Well, you're going to go, why? Because you think he has the answer. So, tell me what he tells you. You will go and you will do it. And so, so it takes great faith. And that faith is in the son of God. Of course, it's the faith of the son of God, but but really I I I just know he's the son of God. And and the Bible says she heard of him. And so her daughter's vexed and and and so she goes to him and but she believes that he has the answer. And now he looks at her and well, the children's bread is healing and it's not for dogs. And he might have said it like this. you're a dog and I'm sent to the to children the beloved of God and you're a dog. Why should I give you healing? And she didn't even argue with them. She didn't take it personally. She didn't take a personal offense like we do many times. Again, preaching to just we do many time where anything could be said and the word goes forth and and well and but she has a need and she knows the the one who can meet the need is standing right there. say whatever he says. I'm going to I'm just going to just tell me whatever. But she has to have faith first that he has the answer. And so you can look at, you know, uh uh there was a brother, well, I just won't get into it too much, but just posted something on Facebook and, you know, he left the message, per se, and got me thinking about this this once again. You know, I see it kind of stirring up. And and Bible study on Thursday, we're going to talk about these current events. You know, we see that we went down and we just took a president out and we just took him to our country and we're going to prosecute him. And it's kind of shocking that we would do that, but but you know, you see the world, Brother Bam said it like this, it's going to rapidly and more rapidly, he said, it's going to get worse and worse. And so now we're seeing, well, we well well, we had COVID. Okay, fine. Then Russia invaded Ukraine and and then now we got a pope from the United States and now we've got a war in Venezuela and and all these things. Well, it's going to get rapidly and rapid worse and worse. But if you think that the answer lies in the prophetic ministry of Malachi 4, you'll do whatever he says, whatever that he told you to do. Now, if you don't think that he has it, fine. I mean, you just go your way. God has the answer regardless. And and he'll be identified eventually. But if you feel Malachi 4 has the answer, you'll go to the message. You'll find it on there. And whatever it says, you won't take it personally. or actually as we get towards the end, you better take it personally. We'll just but just not to get too far ahead. Now, I looked up the definition, so it's online, so I'm sure it's correct. You know, definition, it says it means to to take something personally means to accept to interpret, excuse me, someone's words or actions or events as a direct judgment or attack on you. Do we have that up there? I think it's there. Yes, it is. Y on you. So now, well, how could there if someone says something to you? Now you might say like, well, brother Steve, that was Jesus calling her a dog. But if my brother calls me a dog, now I but I could take it from Jesus. I could take it from the message, but you know my this other person I don't know if I can take it from and and I want to go to something Sister Lori Tamson this book she gave me and it was a few months before she died. It's called Crucified by Christians. And as I begin to read it, it just was so shocking to me the way that the man writing, I think it's from 94 or something. So, he wrote this book about his experience being crucified by Christians and how that that that that God had actually been the one that that did the crucifying of him. And he types it to Joseph where where Joseph was sold into slavery by his brothers and and we know the story and he's in prison and he's out and all these things. So he says God did that to Joseph because God had a great purpose in bringing Israel down to Egypt and he had to accomplish all these things and save him and and so God and so when when you attribute the things that happened to you, not to a person individually. It wasn't the person did it. God allowed that thing to happen to you. And she gave me this. Sister Lori gave me this book and I began to read it. So shocking, you know, I started arguing with it right off the bat. It wasn't God that was that person that did it. It was my wife that did it to me. Danette's never done anything to me, by the way. But anyways, it was just, you know, somebody bothered me or something and and and so it was them and and then as the more I got to consider the matter, I realized that that certainly God certainly, okay, yeah, Hitler, you know, he killed a million Jews and and the Roman church, you know, martyed millions. We understand all that. We're not saying that, you know, there's not some aspect of truth in there, but in reality, God allowed, brother Bam said it like this, to get the Jews down to the homeland where they were all scattered throughout the world. He said it was the tender hand of Jehovah. You're like, you want to argue with that just in your mental thought, but in reality, God allowed. So now take it to your own life. It's not the person God allowed that thing. So now here's what happens though when you attribute it then to God. Well, it's real hard to be angry then, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's a lot harder to be angry with God when that thing is done to you and it's personal attack and it's it's, you know, it's against you or whatever and you take it personally, but now you don't it's not your brother. And we'll get into the difference between an attack on the word, which you better defend, and an attack on, you know, what seemingly is an attack on you. Okay, I got to read this. I don't know where it I think you have it up there, Sister Paulie. Now, this is not from the message, so just would criticize me later for that. But anyways, here we go. This is from uh the book Crucified by Christians. When you were crucified at the hands of men, in reality, you entered into his crucifixion. Consider the circumstance which led to his crucifixion. Who caused his cross, his crucifixion? Who was it that plotted his Golatha? It was exactly who plotted yours. He actually desired that you enter into his sufferings. After all, you the believer are in him. Brother Brandham actually says, "We sent them to the cross. Our sins that did it also." God willed the crucifixion of his only begotten son and yours. Refusal to accept your crucifixion as holy from the hand of God only means you were not crucified. You were just mistreated. Only when you accept that it came from God. Only then is it a true crucifixion. The crucifixiction of a Christian comes from the hand of God and God alone. I know we want to argue. It's fine. We can argue about it later. But just look at it from the perspective. Now just say brother Steve he's approaching it from this angle now. So that when things are done to you that that that they hurt and and maybe you know you know in there there's a molding of your character that's going to take place and and something's done to you rather than attribute it to a person and put a face on it. It's just a spirit behind the face in reality and then behind that God allowed the thing to happen in the first place. We've got a quote on it to back it up. But anyways, so now so brother Brandham taught us you don't attribute something negative happening to you and you don't put a face on it because then you know that person you'll just never it'll be impossible for you to get over. I'm pointing to Donald. Never done anything to me either, brother Donald. I'm just trying to get an example here that that that when you put a face on a spirit then you get into a problem. You get into a big problem. Brother B taught this. Now you go listen to the don't take my word for it. But now when you don't when you realize that that it's something behind there that that's not the person but but there's an influence behind them. Brother Brandham said this who did it? God. When did he do it? Before the foundation of the world that if we come in an illegitimate birth through Eve's corruption, making us all her children and subject to death, then the sovereign God has to make a way to redeem his children. All the father hath given me will come to me. And no man can come unless my father draws him. Oh my. Now where's your big thing you done? You never done nothing. You ought to be ashamed. God who done all things. The will is working just right. Someone come the other day and somebody said something bad about me. And accusing me of something that was wrong. And I said, "Oh, forget it." See, we got to saints, we have to live a level that's we we got to be that we got to live a different level. So someone Brother Steve said something bad about you. Well, forget it. No, brother. Now, they really you better go address and blah blah. Forget it. Just here's what the brother here's what, brother Bannon. How he handled it. Forget it. I said, "How can you take it like that? That involves your family. Now, you Italians know if you attack me, no problem. You attack my family, now you're in trouble. But it's your family." Here we go. I said, "Oh my." I said that was predestinated before the foundation of the world to give me a trial that who predestinated it then there you go. So it wasn't that you know it wasn't just some random person but but God predestinated it to test you not so that he would even know cuz he knows but maybe so that you would know that greater is he that is in you so that you can overcome the greatest trial that he would that he would inflict upon you. So he predestinated that it would both accomplish the molding of your character and the demonstrating to yourself that you're able to overcome. &gt;&gt; Now he says it like this. See here's the reason we don't attribute it to like a person, a face or whatever. He says I said, "Oh my my shirt, that's all right." I said, "How'd you do?" I said, "If I looked right down this way, I'd be falling all the time." See, if you just take it like that, just you'd just be falling all the time. My aunt, forgive me for using so many books this morning. I never do this. But anyways, my aunt gave me a book. I think I was like 12 or 13 years old. She gave me a book and in the book there was this phrase. Charles Swindoll says it. He said, "Life is 10% what happens to you. 90% is your reaction." And I like it. I I I like the phrase because things are going to happen in life, but but your reaction to those things really determines. Now, now we're going to get forward because I want to really prove the point here and use the message to prove it and back up what we're saying. So, do you remember I think it was in Oregon when the maniac came and and he was out of his mind and he was he was a big man and he came was it Oregon, brother Donna, that he came he came, you know, down the aisle to approach the prophet to beat him up to to to to hit him from from one end of the the building to the other to destroy him to destroy his just he just came to beat him up. The maniac did that. He approached the prophet and and and he had a he had ill intent in his mind. Now listen to this. And this is why I say don't put a face on it. I got message to back it up by the way. So now the man got real close to me and the people just hushed and and draw back his great hulked spit all over my face. How many of you have had somebody spit on your face? I have. That's police officer stuff. So you know it's kind of expected. Anyway, so now he said and I saw a couple other hands and he said, "You snake in the grass. I'm going to show you how much servant of God you are. I'm going to knock you way out in the middle of that audience. He was well able to keep his threat. May you just see this great big guy, you know, maybe like Joshua, you know, there just just just strong brother Brandon's strong guy. And he he said he was able to do it and he had the intentions of doing it. And I'm telling you, in my mind, I would have went, am I right with God right now? Did I repent for all my sins? Am I okay? is everything, you know, that's that we all like when sin comes in, we automatically look back, Lord, are we okay? Well, just just just confess before God your sins and you're okay. No, he says, but he didn't know God. That was the main thing I kept real still. Never said a thing in my heart was going out to him. He just spit on him. My heart's going out to him. Now, you can just imagine that it's got to be real. That's the key, too. You know, you can't fake it. They'll know. Okay. He says, "The people I've seen so much put on love till they're sick and tired of it. Be what you are. If you're a Christian, be one. God's grace will make you one." Praise the Lord. And a man walked closer to me and I loved him because that I knew he didn't mean that. I mean, he spit on him. He told him what he was going to do. He was well able to do it. And the love of God projected at that moment through the prophet of God. And he said, "He don't mean that. He don't he don't mean it's it's impossible to think. But what brother Benham doesn't do is he doesn't put a face on a demon that's trying to attack him. He says behind that man is a man that would really want to serve God. You know he just I think he says it but he likes that spirit but he he said he don't mean that. And and he just doesn't attribute it to you know a face. He says now notice what brother Bam says here. He says I thought this is the key saints. It's right here. He says, "I thought it's the devil that makes that man say that he's the man that would who would love his family like I do mine. He would like to eat and drink fellowship, but the thing of it is is because the devil has possessed him." Do you see that? Says, so now he doesn't look at it like I'm putting a face on this devil and that man is the devil. No, he's not doing that. He's saying behind that man, what he would really like to do is go home to his family and have a family and be nice, but the devil's possessed him and and he's made him do that thing. So now he's attributing it to somebody and now he can overcome and the key is that he thought correctly. That's the absolute key. Okay. Now he says he's a human being the same as I am. Those kind of thoughts. So he changes his thoughts. &gt;&gt; Listen tomorrow, next day whenever someone comes up to you and offends you and it will happen. You'll get tested. Change your thoughts as soon as that offense comes. That brother or sister didn't mean that. Not even a brother or sister. That man or or woman didn't mean that. They would really want to live right. If if they could really just surrender to God, they would really want to live right. And so so I'm going to take it like they don't mean that. See, it starts up here. You got to start thinking right and and reject the evil thoughts that come and and accept the truth of God Almighty. Okay? Those kind of thoughts. See, he thought I highlighted that for a reason. Those kind of thoughts. See, he's he's he's thinking. And then he says this, "And you can't do that unless God does it for you." &gt;&gt; Oh, now we're all just weak and we need his help and we can't do anything unless he helps us. And if he doesn't help us, we just If you start there with humility, Lord, I'm a dog. &gt;&gt; I'm nothing. Lord, your original people were the Jews, but thank God you turn to the Gentiles. And but Lord, still we're nothing unless you can come in and and dwell in our beings. I can't even love my brother a lot of love unless you come and do it for me. I see it's a totally different uh thought process. I think I skipped over it, sister Pauly. But let's go back to Matthew 5. Listen, you have heard Matthew 5:43. I've heard that has been said, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say to you, &gt;&gt; love your enemies, &gt;&gt; bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you. That's the kind of level of Christian that we've got to be we've got to be demonstrating to the world. Brother Bam says this now. Now he's talking about people coming in in prayer lines. He might even be standing at the platform and and how the how just seeing everything take place in the in the realm and the dimensions that you are you and I couldn't see into. But he says this, you don't realize every one of you is a spirit. There's a body declaring you. But everyone's a spirit. And a lot of you sitting here looking around. You're lovely. I love you and God knows that. See, but your faith is in this first person here. It's this first conscious. And when you look up way down in your heart, the least little fear will come in there. And now he's saying that now that person there, you know, maybe at the platform or wherever they might be and and you know, they look up and and they're standing really in the presence of God. And so the presence of God can see down into the depths of that soul. And then he says a little bit of a little bit of doubt will come and say, "I wonder." And he perceives that in that moment. I wonder how that just cuts me down right there. Why does it cut him down? Because the the angel told him, you get the people to believe you. So it cuts him down right there that you can feel it just comes in like so he can almost feel it like a wind like that. I can feel it. I think, oh, I look over and think, well, God bless that man's heart. I know he didn't mean that. Think about that now. He's looking at a person and that maybe there's a prayer about to be said and and and the the the spirit is discerning down into their soul and he takes a personal he really takes it personally but he doesn't if you know what I mean. So he he knows that he's got to get the people to believe him. And so he needs to get the people to and there's someone there and he's talking to him and and then the someone he's talking to starts to doubt and say, "I wonder." And the prophet standing intercedes for him and he says, "Lord, he didn't even mean that. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's so great, saints. We don't even understand how great it is." I look over there. Well, God bless that man. I know he didn't mean that. Didn't mean what? He didn't mean to just have that moment of doubt, that moment of weakness. And here and something back here. I wonder how then to wonder. He makes a blowing on this side back here. You think, oh, they don't mean it. Bless their heart. There's just doubt going on all over the place. And to combat that doubt, he's using this phrase, they don't mean that. See, he's not taking it personally like I might. you know, someone got up and walked out today and, you know, walked to the back door and looked around and then walked out. I might take it a little personally, you know, but but really my thought should be they don't mean that. See, and I think if we do that now, what I what I would like is a mature church. so mature that every time Satan tried to come in and plant that seed of bitterness or conflict or you know some sort of meanness one against the other that that that the immediate response would be that person doesn't mean that hey brother Steve you know so and so said that you you missed it on that quote there that's not accurate oh brother I I don't think they meant that they probably just misunderstood Good. You see that changes everything right there. It just stops it right there. Now, now, not just for me, now for you where where where that you know, you might even take a f Well, let me tell you something that happened. Six months ago, I haven't even told brother Donald this. Six months ago, a brother had told me he had a song special. And you know, I've got a lot going on before service. If you ever need anything, by the way, write it down because if you tell me, it's I get eight seconds, it's there, and then it's gone, you know. And so he told me at a song special and I I forgot to tell brother Donald. And then a few weeks ago the brother confessed to me that he he thought brother Donald didn't like him because he didn't have him sing the song special. And I went to I said, "Brother, that's actually my fault. I forgot to tell him. I'm sorry. That's my don't hold again. It's all on me." But see in the mind he said now this brother said look I'm a mature Christian I don't need to sing no big deal but but see in the mind it starts to get in there well that brother Donald don't like me and he don't like my singing and it really it wasn't none of that it was brother what should have happened brother Steve probably forgot to give it to him more likely by the way if that ever happens so that's your thoughts see brother Brandon says thoughts like that thoughts like he don't mean that and he he has a you He has a family and he'd really like to go home to his family and and and you know later on now this is I I think this is the man. Correct me if I'm wrong. I think this is the man that brother Brandham said that he you know he got delivered or whatever and then I think brother Brandham like like did something and he just fell at his feet. Is that not correct? &gt;&gt; And then he was drugg out and then brother Ram says later he liked that spirit. Is that is that correct? Now, that's a man who enjoys that spirit. Nevertheless, he's still saying things like he don't mean that. He he he would like to have a family and love him. You see, I mean, as bad as you can make somebody a maniac who wants to beat you up and throw you out and then is delivered momentarily from the spirit and then he likes it and it comes back on him. Well, guess what? It doesn't matter. He still had those kind of thought. He didn't take it personally. Oh, making we're making the point here. And I I think and that's why I brought up the church. I would like a church church that that anytime it should we don't take it personally. We just say things like he didn't mean that. They didn't mean that. Probably misinterpreted. You know, probably brother Steve didn't have my song special. By the way, I you know, if anyone gets their song specials canled more than it's probably my daughter. She wants to sing every service, you know, bless her heart. So, if anybody can complain, where's she at? Love you, Sister Liberty. She could, but I'm getting a look over here. Oh, boy. I didn't mean that. Praise the Lord. Brother Bam says this. And notice, another thing I'd like to say amongst the Pentecostal people, there's one thing that we're forgetting, friends, is our Pentecostal courtesy. See, parking in lots. Sometimes I've noticed our Pentecostal brethren when you could really really real pull in and give somebody else a chance to park by the side of you, you drive in it anyway because somebody really makes what we call a boo boo on the road. You fly loose and tear down. Listen, that's not the way to be a Pentecostal Christian. See, let's consider the next man. Oh, I can I can confess right here. were driving home from Phoenix the other day and someone I was in the lane and this person just kind of drove by me and they made a boo boo Donnie and I started catch up to him you know and I think sister Dette said something like well you go with your Christian self you know and I was I was like oh wish you weren't in the car you know but anyways no not really but but you know it just gets &gt;&gt; it just you just if you're not careful and that's me too brother Donnie not just you battle those things that someone pulled out in front of you and immediately and so so now what if you took that to even you're just driving you just they didn't mean that that person just don't know how dangerous it is on the roads if they knew and start praying for him now how see I think that's maturity in the body that that we need to to get to if a you know things that were said about us and and if you just realize it's not person it's Satan trying to get you it's not even the person it's Satan trying to upset your spirit and and to get you all riled held up and and just don't pay attention to it. Now, I'm going give you an example in scripture. Galatians 2:9. We're going to fast forward. I know we don't. That's all right. Okay. And when James, Cphus, and John, now Paul's talking, he's talking to Galatians, they're dealing with this Jew, Gentile subject, you know, who seem to be pillars, perceive the grace that was given to me. They gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship that we should go into the heathen and and they to the circumcision. And he's identifying that he will go to the Gentiles and them to the Jews. Only they would that we should remember the poor the same which I was also forward to do. But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withtood him to the face because he was to be blamed. Now Paul went to Peter stand up brother Donald and he did this publicly by the way and he withtood him to the face and he rebuked what he was doing and he said something like Peter &gt;&gt; you're a hypocrite you are eating with the Gentiles when the Jews come you won't eat with them shame on you and it's causing division in the body that's what he did forgive me brother Donald that's what he did He rebuked them public and then he announces it in a letter 2,000 years later. We're still reading that Peter got rebuked. I mean, that's a public rebuke. If you ever been rebuked publicly, that's about as public as you can get. Now, I put a New Living Translation up here. It says some I don't know if we have that. When Peter came to Antioch, I had to oppose him to his face for what he did was very wrong. And then Paul says this. Do we have new limit? Oh, perfect. Okay. Okay, the next one he says, "When he first arrived, he ate with the Gentile believers who were not circumcised. But afterward, when some friends of James came, Peter wouldn't eat with the Gentiles anymore. He was afraid of criticism from these people who insisted on the necessity of circumcision." Peter full of the Holy Ghost, but he had this weak spot, and we'll say it like that because he he does have that thing. You can see it all out the scriptures when when you know he would even when he would deny the Lord it was he didn't want you know he had that as a weak spot maybe an inferiority compl whatever you call it but now Paul Paul is taking personal offense but he's not taking it personally in his spirit to Paul the person but he's taking personally the person of Jesus Christ which Peter represents Paul is saying you're offending offending the person of Jesus Christ. You're offending the ministry of Jesus Christ. You're offending Jesus Christ himself. And I stand here in defense of the gospel. So, it's not Paul attacking Peter. It's Christ identifying the truth of the word and dealing with a situation that needs to be dealt with. And he does. And now he said Paul, Peter, he, you know, he names him. But the fact is he just is calling out a situation and he's dealing with it. Why? And he'll tell us in the next verse here. He says it something like this. And all the other as a result other Jewish believers followed Peter's hypocrisy and even Barnabas was led astray by their hypocrisy. No. So now Peter's saying or Paul saying this, listen Peter, you're not just you, you know, if you're a hypocrite, whatever. You're a hypocrite, but you're leading. See, you're taking the gospel which I represent personally. But he's not personally taking offense, but he's realizing that the gospel, which is the person of Jesus Christ, is being offended, misrepresented by Peter. And now he's saying, "Listen, Peter, you are the hypocrite. You're doing something." And it's causing division in the church. Even Barnabas is being led astray. So now he has to deal with it. Why? because it's infecting the the the gospel that he believes and he's not going to stand for it. And that's the difference, saints, where you can take the gospel and you can take an offense of the gospel personally, but it's not you. But you see that Christ is being misrepresented and then you go to that situation and you say, "You're misrepresenting the Lord Jesus Christ and I take offense as a member of that body." &gt;&gt; Well, do you see it saying? Do you see the the twist now? So, it's not, you know, someone attacking you personally. Paul Paul wasn't being attacked personally at all, but Peter was misrepresenting the gospel. And Paul personally represented the gospel. And he didn't want to be identified with a gospel that made dissimulation or a difference between Jews and Gentiles or cause division in the church. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to be identified with that, Peter. So he calls it out. Now the Bible doesn't record Peter's reaction. This records he withtood him to his face. You know, I would have liked to have been there personally. Maybe. But Steve, maybe they got in a fist fight and the Bible's just like, "Well, we'll just leave that part out." You know, I don't know what happened. But I will tell you, we'll just read second Peter. Is it okay if we read second Peter? Now listen, this is the scripture saints. Chapter three, Peter's talking. He says, "But we're looking forward to the new heavens and new earth. He has promised a world filled." By the way, Galatians was written in 4744 to 47 AD. Second Peter was written 65-68 a AD. So 20 years later, Peter's writing this. Now you're gonna find out what does Peter think of Paul 20 years. Sometimes it takes 20 years for us to get over stuff, you know. That's okay. Okay. And so dear friends, verse 14, do we have that? Uh yeah, there we go. We're looking for a new heavens. He's prom. And so I don't know what version I'm reading here. So difference verse 14. While you are waiting for these things to happen, make every effort to be found living peaceful lives that are pure and blameless in his sight. And remember, our Lord's patience gives people time to be saved. This is what our beloved brother Paul also wrote to you with the wisdom God gave him. So Peter withstands him or Paul withstands Peter rebukes him calls him a hypocrite to his face gives the reason later on Peter says our beloved listen what he says listen what he wrote to you he's writing with wisdom he didn't take it personally he took the correction and received it and and And and that's you know if anything God would would love for Christians would be to when he corrects you receive that correction and and just receive it say Lord thank you and help me Lord to do better and that's see that's Lord you know yes I am a dog and yes I did make that mistake you know the Lord looked at Peter one time said get behind me Satan &gt;&gt; and Peter a couple verses later he's still there &gt;&gt; you So now he says, "Our beloved brother Paul." Then he says this, you know, he wrote to you with wisdom. He says, "Speaking of these things in all his letters." Pay attention to what Paul says. Peter is saying, "Some of his comments are hard to understand, and those who are ignorant and unstable have twisted his letters to mean something quite different, just as they do with other parts of scripture. And this will result in their destruction." He's identifying Paul as this great letter writer, messenger to the first church age. and pay attention. But he's been rebuked by the very Paul. See, that's a mature That's a man full of the Holy Ghost. I just I know we're run out of time. We'll just go to the end here. We'll just go I I want to get these out if maybe it'll help somebody this morning. I was reading these quotes and And maybe you're dealing with something, you know, that and and one one lady came to brother Brandham and she asked him a question about I think it was a lady. I don't even know actually it could have been it's just a question and they said I you know we got stubbornness and how do I get rid of a stubborn spirit? God this stubbornness on me and how do I do it? Does anybody know how he responds? How you get rid of that stubbornness? Brother Donald, no. Anybody? You can guess wrong. That's okay. You don't have to guess. He says, "Ignore it." Listen what he says. Stubbornness is not of God. I'm fast forwarding a lot, but I want to get this. So, so, and now the only way to get away from that is you have to have faith to overcome that. That's if you're a Christian, you're a son or daughter of God, whichever you may be. And you will never be able to just stand and rebuke it and rebuke it and rebuke it. got something in your life you're just trying to keep rebuking that thing. You know, he says you won't be able to do with this. Anyways, I can't speak for every infirmity or temptation you're dealing with, but with this and the Bible does say resist Satan and he'll flee from you. So now it's just like tantalizing a rattlesnake. He's ready laying there ready to bite you. If you just ignore him and walk away from him, he can't hurt you. See? So when you feel that you got a stubborn spirit, lay the thing on the altar and believe God that the thing is dead and you'll never have it no more and go on and don't even pay attention to it no more and the thing will leave you. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. That's get away quickly. So that would be in my advice of how to overcome it. We overcome the devil by faith. That's what we overcome. All evil is by faith. And when your brother, sister, fans or whatever it might be, the best thing, you know, if you if you can't if you don't have the faith to say they didn't mean that, just ignore it. at least just do that. Just ignore it or have the faith that they didn't mean that or they just misunderstood or whatever it might be. And that's how as a church we can thwart the devil. Now listen to this and this was shocking to me because I know you know if anything people come up for prayer lately is for anxiety or nervousness or those things. And so when I read this it really helped me. It'll be the last quote. So let's as the musicians come, we'll just read this. All right. Come lady, have faith. The very God of heaven is in your presence. You're in his presence. The very one that said to the woman, "Thy sins be forgiven thee." Notice what he say. He says, "How do you do? We're strangers. When you was five years ago, when when we was here, I saw you went through the line or something. You was healed. Then between you and I comes a dark shadow. It's shaking and jumping." And this hit me very I've never seen anything like this before. So, as a dark shadow shaking and jumping. Now, Brother Bam can see the shadow or the streak or whatever it might be, the demon shaking and jumping. What kind of demon would you think that is? There's only one thing that can mean that. That's a demon. And that's a demon of nervousness. Isn't that interesting? That demon that gets you all anxious and anxiety, he himself is a shaking, jumping demon. And it makes sense. You know, brother says, "Is that right?" You think sometimes that you lost your mind. Isn't that right? But he's a liar. You're not. You're just saying as anybody else, but he's trying to get you down, lady. You don't you pay no attention to that. Isn't that beautiful? See, that's the way is just don't pay no attention to that. just that demon is shaking. And then what? You can just see it in the spiritual realm. The the demon the the the streak that just shakes, then your spirit's right there. And and if you pay attention to that, then your spirit starts to shake. Now you're anxious and now you're nervous and and that shaking jumping demon has caused it. But brother Brandham gives us the key. The word gives us the key. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. Ignore that thing and he'll go. He has to in the name of the Lord Jesus. Now he says that that was a beautiful. He says, "Do you believe me to be a servant? Lookie, let me tell you something. You've tried so long to even get one place you thought you just like you could put your foot, you could start from there. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind, but you was praying about that. Imagine this lady just if I could get a place to start from. I just I'm looking for like I just, you know, an anchor. We could say like that. I need a place I can put my foot and that's the place I can start from. Isn't that right? That's right. You said many times in your thoughts in there, if I could just get one place to start from is that this is your starting place. What a beautiful thing. Can you have that this morning? That that I think that's the question. This is your starting place right here. God's servant, thou devil, in the name of Jesus Christ, you're exposed. Come out of the woman, leave her. Go rejoicing, sister. You're free now. See, that's the thing. Say you you you need a starting place this morning. Maybe you need another way mark, another starting place, another another monument to say, man, just once again, God blessed me at that moment. Brother Bam says it like this. This is your starting place right here. I love it. You know, sometime you actually need a physical place and a and a and a and an actual time. May this be your starting place. May where you're sitting be the actual place. May 1210 be the actual time that can be your starting place. You ought to take that personally. If you don't take this message personally, you have no hope. You must take the message personally because it's Christ revealed. Brother M says this and Christ is the mystery. It's Christ revealed personally to you. It's not Christ revealed to the pastor or the brother Donald or any of these brothers. It is. But that's not enough for you. It has to be Christ revealed personally to you personally. Take that personally. And don't leave until you've taken it personally. Christ revealed to you. Let's stand to our feet this morning. Let's just worship him a moment and and and and just, you know, you don't have to come forward to the altar. Let your place be your place. Let this moment be your moment. Take God now. Say, if you don't know him personally, know him personally right now. Take him personally. You know, in Noah's day, Brother Bam says, I I have the quote, but we didn't have time. He says in Noah's day that those eight had to take Noah's message personally to to do what? To do per to personally take a a footstep on that ark. They had to actually be personal to him. Well, you must do the same thing this morning. Take it personally, saints. Receive him personally into your heart. Believe him personally. You take him personally. Then you can overcome. Praise the Lord. What are we playing? Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh Jesus be the Lord to Jesus be the Lord. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus the king was right for one. road you walk tired of boring. So Lord, worship him. He's worthy to be worshiped. Your praise is why we even came here. See, there is a source. There is a soul Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Let's just all bow our heads. Father, thank you. Thank you for a living word. that can pull up dirty, rusty nail out of a rotten board. Just with a little soft touch from the word can make that nail usable again. Once it's clean, Lord, &gt;&gt; nobody ever even knows it was dirty, rusty, &gt;&gt; laying out in a ugly place. And see, that's personal, Lord. Yes, &gt;&gt; we're all just rusty, dirty nails. &gt;&gt; Father, the thing about a nail, you never want to step on one cuz it hurts. Lord, makes you bleed. Got to run and get a tetanus shot cuz it's dirty. But yet, Father, once that nail is put in its proper place, what does it do? It holds. &gt;&gt; That's why you had to be nailed to the cross, Lord. My I don't even know where that all comes from, Father. It comes from you. I ask you now to take these words and I pray you start with me. Let me take it personal. Lord, come down and clean this old dirty rusty nail. May you just pound it into that anchor that holds. Cuz I do have that anchor. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And I can't tug on it, Lord. &gt;&gt; Cuz it's not my nail holding. &gt;&gt; It's the nails that held you to the cross that's broken. Bless us now, I pray. Give us strength. I like that word mature. Lord, I think we're at a time where we need to be matured. Thank you for this day. Thank you for my little granddaughter, Emry. Emry Shay is They're all special, but I see a little glow when she smiles at me for she's the baby. Lord, thank you now. Bless each and everyone that gathered in. We love you and appreciate you in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Brother Ryan, as I listened to the anchor holds, I thought that's that's exactly where I stand. No matter what my life looks like at times, the anchor holds. If you don't know have the anchor, don't leave till you have it anchored. And then when it's anchored, as brother Steve says, come wind, waves, whatever else it may be and holds. Amen. We love you. Greet the one next to you and you may be se you may be uh dismissed as we sing this song. The anchor of home. Though the ship is better, the s are fall. I have fallen on my knees. As our face the raing sea the anor Inspire the soul. The sing the s I have fallen on my knees as I raise the raing The anchor inside the first time that I have journey are out of the open sea. I faith the Lord. Yeah. His eyes will be the He is the end of I have fallen on my knees. Cra. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
