################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-01-14 - 150114 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine Blessed Families, Part 3 - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2015-01-14
Title:   150114 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine: "Blessed Families, Part 3"
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJ4NnZSC3ag
========================================

It's good to be with you. Amen. Let's open our Bibles if we could. Wanted to say that brother Ed told us uh on Sunday that his son to give the testimony his son is off the dialysis and his kidneys are functioning. Right, brother Ed? And [Applause] so we still not out of the woods. There's some other things that we can keep praying forward. Go ahead, brother Ed. Okay. Let's pray that he receives Christ. That'll help with that depression. That's the big one for sure. But if you brought him through all this, he'd bring him there, too. So, Let's just be praying for his soul if you'd just bring his name. Is it Chad? Brett. Brett. Brett. Sorry about this. Bring his name before the Lord. And I believe that uh God is able. Amen. Such a good testimony to hear that. It's just a miracle. But we want the real miracle to take place. And that's his heart is softened to receive the Lord. And uh you keep holding on, brother Ed like Wright, believe for your children. And you keep holding that before the Lord. I want to read in Romans 4 tonight in the blessed word of God. And uh we're going to continue in a series on the blessed families. Uh in Genesis we read where Abraham as he received God and stepped out by faith with the word of God, he promised him to be blessed himself and also that he'd be a father of many nations. But one of the blessings that came from Abraham's obedience was that the the families of the earth would be blessed. And uh we want to speak a little bit about that again tonight. And because I know that the strength of a church is the strength of the families and the strength of the marriages and that includes my own marriage and my own family. And it's a bit of a challenge today to be able to raise a family in the environment that we're in. But without the Holy Ghost, we'd be lost, wouldn't we? Without the word of God that expresses uh what we need in this hour and also just the Holy Ghost to make it alive. I'll tell you, we would be without the token, we wouldn't have anything. And I just uh I'm glad to be able to preach that to you tonight. But the family is important thing. I want to read this section of scriptures and get to the faith of Abraham a little bit tonight. We talked about oneness and I want to speak a little bit more about oneness. Uh the oneness of the family and our oneness with God. And I thought that was a good place to start when we talk about families because you can have everything right. And if you don't have oneness with God and oneness with one another, then that's not really a strong family yet. That's the that's a real family is that they have oneness with God and oneness with one another. Harmony with God and harmony with one another. How do we get to that type of harmony? Um, so in Abraham's testimony here, you've read this many times before, but I want you to notice uh his life again in verse 17 of chapter 4, as it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God, who quickenth the dead, and calleth those things which are be not as though they were, who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead when he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. And there's a scripture here that I want to get to. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief. So that tells us that he had the promise of God. He had the word from God, but it wasn't easy because he had to go through what? He had to go through unbelief. He had to fight through unbelief the whole way. Every year, every day that he believed God's promise, it wasn't easy. He had to cut through something. And what he had to cut through was all the unbelief. But he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in what? Was strong in faith. So Abraham not only had the word from directly from God. Uh he not only had a promise from God but all of that would not count unless Abraham himself had not had strong faith to go with the word because and that's what I want to talk about tonight. We have the word, we have his spirit, we have uh all these things but we need to be strong in faith with the word. Uh he said, "But was strong in faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded that what he had promised, he was able also to perform, and therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness." Amen. Let's all pray together. Heavenly Father, your goodness to us, Lord, is just so wonderful. We appreciate this testimony tonight. We appreciate you answering these prayers, Lord. And we want to stop and say thank you for it, Lord. So many things in the last few weeks has happened so positive that we we we want to just glorify your name. As the Bible says here about Abraham, he staggered not and he continued to glorify God through his testimony. And we want you to be glorified, Lord. You're a mighty God. You you do these works and even the little things you do, we don't want to forget, but we want to glorify you through those things and let the world know that you're still alive and your people. Father, we just pray you'll bless this study and strengthen the families. Strengthen each one, Lord, in their personal uh contact and connection with you, Lord, and their fellowship with you. Strengthen that fellowship, Lord, because we're going to need it more and more as the days go on. We need to just stay just as close to you as we can stay. And Lord, if anyone's distant from you tonight, may the the gentleness of the Holy Spirit woo them to a closer walk with you. We just commit this service to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Shake somebody's hand before you sit down. And God bless you each one. Just before we get to the quotes in the scriptures, I was little section here in uh Larry Christensen's Christian Family. The he says here says quite a few good things and related to the scriptures that are related to the family. But he was talking a little bit about how in history um marriage and the family uh was quite different when we come to Christianity in the New Testament uh the level of it be to change and God wanted to really ex uh show himself in his glory through the family unit and so it wasn't it was a side thing that a lot of times books when they're teaching on families to help you be a better family even sometimes Christian books they their focus is to do all the mechanics and we can do everything right and then bring religion in too because that'll be a good factor to bring in to help your family. A lot of the books are that way. But that's not how God intended the Christian family to be set up and the whole family unit as we've been preaching on this that the whole family unit in the marriage is God's image from the very beginning. It was the ultimate climax of what God was trying to say because God wanted a family and uh and so he wanted to display that on earth. So it's not a side thing that we need to bring religion in with all the other facets of our family. Um Christ should become the center of the entire family. Christ should be the focus and all your life is ordered and arranged around Christ and his word. And uh and when we have a family like that, I think that's what God intended for it to be. He's saying here in Christianity, marriage achieves a sanctity and significance which was not known in ancient times. The forgotten dignity of woman was brought to light and its value acknowledged. Neither the Roman nor even the Mosaic law accorded the wife rights which were equally great and sacred with those of a man. In Christianity, the wife as well as the husband has claimed to be the perfect fidelity of the mate. The wife cease to ceases to be just merely a helper of her husband in this present life but is a fellow heir with him of eternal life. And that's according to first Peter 3:7 that the wife honor her as the weaker vessel, but consider her as a co-air with you in the things of God. We never heard any any of that too much in the Old Testament and we know that she is a helpmate to him. That's her place. But yet when we move after Calvary and God's elevating elevating everything in the restoration back of what was fallen in the garden, we realize that that woman comes right into inheritance with her husband and is an heir of God together with him of the promises of God. And yet more than all of this, the highest love of God to man was shown in the sacrifice of Christ. Through that sacrifice, the church came into existence. Between the church and Christ there exists a bond of love more holy, tender, and firm than any which ever existed between God and man. In Christianity, there is set before man and wife the task of representing upon the earth the image of this union between Christ and his church. An image of self-sacrifice, of devotion, of fidelity. In ancient times, marriage at its best had been a moral relationship. In Christian marriage, we see something higher still a mystery as it's called in Ephesians 5:32. The uh the neoplatonic philosophers looked on marriage with gloomy severity. It was a contradiction to the spiritual nature of man. The most rigid sect of Jesus day was called the Essenes. And they saw marriage as a hindrance to preparation for the kingdom of heaven. That's how they viewed marriage. It was a hindrance to and that was a sect in Jesus' time. Marriage was a hindrance to getting closer to God and embracing the kingdom of heaven. But the Christian family is formed to be the very image of the future kingdom of God in which the will of the Lord shall be done on earth as it is done in heaven. It is not only a school for heaven. It is a certain in in a certain sense it is the anticipated kingdom of God itself. In the Christian family on a small scale should be seen the wisdom and gentleness of command, the willingness of obedience, the unity and firmness of mutual confidence which will characterize the perfected kingdom of God. In an exact sense this can be said uh of the this is what said about the Christian family. So, I thought that was good if we've raised and elevated uh to a place through Calvary that God's in a restoration back to what was at the beginning, bringing us back into that position again. And God is having families that they were intended to be. and women in their uh in their place not certainly as a doormat but in her place as a daughter of God and men in their place as God intended the glory of God to be on that man and to express true leadership and children under subjection to their parents. God's bringing us all back in the restoration of our souls with the restoration of our soul is the restoration of the family unit and marriage. How many believe that tonight? So we want to talk a little bit about uh faith in light of this series in this section of scripture here. This life of faith that Abraham lived is actually the thing that produced the blessing that come to families. It was a life of faith and Abraham being our example with a promise of God with the word of God for the hour sent to him. He took to that and whatever it said he obeyed it. He followed it even so much he had to leave all of his family and go into a country he didn't know where he was going. But he had to obey God. He had to obey what the word said. He didn't even see all of the promise yet and didn't understand all the promise, but he obeyed. And he had he not only obeyed what God said to do, not understanding it all yet, but he obeyed and begin to have actions to his faith. And then he developed a strong life that's expressed here in Romans that he he would be willing to cut through anything that was in his way to get to the promise. And what the main thing he had to cut through was unbelief. Unbelief was everywhere. Uh the mocking of it was everywhere. The laughing of a man hundred years old that could have a baby probably was everywhere. Nobody understood that. Nobody could see that. But but Abraham could see it by the eyes of faith. The sixth sense is above your five senses. It's better than your five senses. And what these senses won't declare, the sixth sense of faith will declare that it's it's done and it's there. And it caused Abraham to live a life of faith. And so the faith, it was this kind of faith in a man that built him into the right family, but also God could so bless that it's going to bless all the families in the earth that follow this this father of faith. this kind of lifestyle, this kind of everyday faith, this type of uh uh stronghanded faith where you stagger not at the promise of God. A lot of people are staggering today. That's not talking about staggering physically. It's staggering spiritually. And and what do they stagger at? They're staggering at the promise of God because they're having to go through so much unbelief. But here we have an example of a man who didn't stagger through it, but he he cut his way through it and he stood up with faith and kept believing, calling those things that were not as those they were. Didn't even consider the deadness of Sarah's womb. Didn't even consider his age. He put it out of his mind. When they tried to put it in his mind, he put it out of his mind. I'm not even going to think about how how old I am. And the older I get, the more of a miracle it'll be. That's the way he felt about it. The older Sarah gets, the prettier she becomes. Woo, that's pretty good, isn't it? You stagger not and being fully persuaded. That's the life that we need of faith. We're fully persuaded. Satan can't poke no holes in our belief. Can you say amen? Amen. He staggered not at the promise and he was fully persuaded that what God had promised, he was able to perform. Today, we believe in a rapture. Can you say amen? And we need to be fully persuaded that God is able to perform that. We don't need to stagger at that promise for sure. And we don't need to stagger at any promise of God. We we need to be strong in the faith. And that's the lifestyle that he lived that actually trickled down a blessing to the families in all the earth. That kind of faith, that kind of lifestyle. Abraham had actions with his with his belief that brought results to his belief. He had he had action on his faith. He didn't just say, "I have faith." His his actions proved his words, his lifestyle. Can you say amen? It proved that he had faith that God spoke the promise. It dropped in his heart. He acted on the promise and he positioned himself which by in this way positioned himself. He had to get out of the land. God said, "Get thee out of the land and thy kindred and thy people." And so a separation had to take place in order for him to get the promise. And that's what happens in our life. And we have to obey the separations that God is asking us to make. Amen. We have to just obey him. And that's Abraham's example. He obeyed and got out, not knowing whether he went, not woring where he was going. And you all know that his experience coming out of the world. Maybe you didn't have a a Christian family to grow up in or message family. You've experienced the the separation that had to take place. Oh, you may get around them at uh family reunions and all this and do your best to try to make a connection there, but I'll tell you, it's difficult after you come to Christ because there has to be a healthy separation there. God's called you to another land, another kindred and other people. And uh that that is a a blessing. Be a witness to him. Be a testimony. There's a brother one time says, "Uh, well, I don't want to go over there to to my mother. She doesn't believe like I do, and they got all kinds of this and that and the other." I said, "You need if they ask you to go to a family event, you need to go. As long as not interrupting something you're doing for the Lord, you need to go cuz that can be a witness to them. You know, don't cram it down the throat. But you being there living in front of them, that's your opportunity." But yet yet in as a spiritual part of it, there has to be separations with Abraham as a physical separation. But us, it's more of a spiritual separation that I can't participate in what I participated in before with them. Amen. Because you want to be a witness. And so uh uh he was elected, he was called and then he obeyed. All these characteristics is our father Abraham because there were specific things that came with the promise he had to do and his actions acted in obedience and that's the kind of man of faith that will bless a family. Can I say that again? That is the kind of man of faith that'll trickle down a blessing to have a blessed family. I want to start here. That's actually the thing that brought oneness. Can you say amen? We need oneness in our family. But it was it was Abraham's obedience, Abraham's acting on faith, cutting through the unbelief. That's the kind of men we need because that'll trickle down to bless the families. It doesn't mean you have to be a a great uh um orator of the word before your family or you have to say everything just right or you have to be this big preacher to your family. You just need to be a man of faith that's willing to stand there and cut through things that are trying to to interrupt the oneness of your family. Amen. So what a great example. And brother Abraham says it this way. Then when he he was promised a son, Abraham, he was promised a son and he waited 25 years to receive that son, calling anything contrary to it as as though it wasn't so. So that's that's the way he had to be. If something came up that was contrary to the promise, he had to stand there and say, "Wait a minute, that's contrary to the promise." Somebody's got to stand up and say, "Anything that comes in that's contrary." He he he he he uh maybe word it the way he said it was as though it wasn't. So that's the way he considered it. That's the way he looked at it. So the man of God has to stand and be ready that if something comes up contrary, which it will, from every different uh shotgun that it can come from, from every different avenue, every different media venue, be ready cuz something contrary is trying to come in contrary to what you believe. And if nobody else stands up to it, the man of God has got to stand up and call anything contrary as though it wasn't so and cut through that. And he said, "And then and in this son all the families of the earth was to be blessed." Brother Ram says, "In his son, all the families of the earth." Listen, I'm going to raise my hands. I want to be one of those families tonight. We're in 2014. How many of you men of God, women of God, you young men that don't have your families yet? How many want to say, I want to come into the trickling of that blessing? I want my family to be happy. I want my family to be blessed. I want to serve the Lord the way he has instructed us in this hour. And I want to stand with faith. Can you say amen? And I want to be as my father Abraham in the in the approach to the word of God. I don't want to just be a believer, but I want to act on my faith of the word of God. And then he says, "And the patriarch was faithful to his call and faithful to the promised word." Both of those things. So I thought that was a wonderful thing. Now, we had ended a few weeks ago in talking about oneness out of the message oneness. And I would pick that up again uh in case somebody missed it or I thought I think it's good enough to repeat, but we were reading in the uh oneness message where oneness means he said to be one with united and this is quite a subject deserves a lot more tense than I'm able to give it. I'll skip through that. And then he says, "Now the first man and the first woman in the Garden of Eden was in perfect harmony with God so much that God could come down at any time he desired and talk lipto ear with Adam and Eve." Now, that is perfect oneness. God and his creation. I'm just going to skip back to the oneness part and then we'll get back to the faith part in a few minutes. Notice this perfect oneness. God and his creation. God speaking lipto ear with Adam and Eve. And they were so perfect in harmony with God till they were one with God. God and his family was one. So he just described oneness to us, oneness with God and in harmony with one another as well. And it it came because they were in harmony with God. And I described to you what harmony is. A lot of musical people know what harmony is. Most people do. If you're not a musical person, uh you can be in the uh kingdom of God, too. You can come to literal life as well. You don't have to have a gift of music at all because you have other gifts, you know. Uh but harmony is something that a a pleasing I read the things I gave you. A pleasing arrangement or combination of things or it's notes and music and and so when something harmony works with the melody, the melody is kind of the absolute and the harmony just enhances the melody and comes alongside and works with it. And I told you, even sometimes even non-m musical people, if I were to play the piano and get off on the harmony, the melody's going, but the harmony's off, you'd be able to tell it because it's going to clash. It's going to sound bad. Uh it's it's not in harmony. It's not It doesn't feel right. Musical people sometimes will cringe. You'll see them and they'll get uh goose pimples or something, you know? They'll they'll just all oh, that's not on. You can't stand it when the notes aren't right. And be and that's because is that it's not real harmony if it's not working in coordination with that melody line going along, right? And uh that's what harmony is. And so there's the melody and then the harmony flows with the melody. And so there has to be an absolute and the melody is the absolute and and we work in harmony with that melody. And when he uses the word harmony, that's what it means. with a family. First of all, they were in harmony with God's melody. They were in harmony with God's word. And that brought this oneness, them being that way, that that's so close that God could speak lip to ear with them. We're being restored back to that type of relationship with God. And so harmony flows. And so there's an absolute harmony. Harmony is in in agreement with the melody. It comp complements it. It doesn't clash with it. An orderly or a pleasing combination of elements and a whole is what harmony is. An orderly or pleasing combination of elements and a whole. Uh color harmony, the order and the harmony of the universe. Uh it's also a relationship in which various components exist together without destroying one another. So that's living in harmony. Different kinds of uh fish living in harmony or people living in harmony. It's various components exist together without destroying one another. uh a relationship characterized by a lack of conflict or by agreement as a of opinion or interest. And that's what we call the what they called family harmony. Let me read that again. A relationship characterized by a lack of conflict or by agreement as of opinion or interest. That's called family harmony. So you got musical harmony. You got the the harmony of components existing together, not destroying one another. I was just thinking of putting, you know, 10 kids in a in a daycare room without anybody there watching them. They're two years old, two-year-olds. You know, there would have to be some leader to help keep the harmony or they'll destroy one another eventually. So, it takes, and you know, that could be an example. It takes something higher than us to keep the harmony. If we're left alone to ourselves, we'd probably destroy one another. carnal flesh will destroy one another, become critical of one another. Just just start to just be vicious with one another. Like a brother told me the other day, he said, "You know what? I just want to quit fighting. I just want to enjoy life. I've fought all my life and I just want to be nice to everybody and quit fighting." None of us really, when it's over with, like to fight. It's the demons that get within us or the bad attitude that gets within us that likes to fight. That's right. Likes to draw somebody in the ring with you. Wow. There's people that are that way. They love to just have a good scrap with somebody. They don't feel like they've fulfilled the week yet unless they've had a really good scrap with somebody. And and that's carnal. That's carnal. Harmony is a totally different thing. And we It's a relationship characterized by the lack of conflict. So here they are the cool of the day. There's fellowship with with God. There's no walls. God felt comfortable with them. They felt comfortable with God. There there were no walls up. harmony with God. Harmony of God brought that oneness. Isn't that wonderful? And uh I just want to read this to you in oneness.eness. I didn't put it in my iPad here, but this is an amazing quote. You probably read it before, but what a union this was. He said, a oneness that would be to see God and his church a oneness. You talk about Jesus praying in the 17th chapter of John that they would be one as as we are one. Jesus praying that they would be one as we are one. So oneness with God and a oneness with one another, the father and him and he and us. What a union, a oneness that would be to see God in his church. Listen now till every member is just perfectly in harmony with each other and God. That's a goal that I'm looking for. If he said that that was Jesus prayer, then that's a goal we need to be praying and submitting oursel to. Paul and Paul says there in first Corinthians that we all speak the same thing. That's a goal that we ought to say. I pray the Holy Ghost would work in us whatever is needed for this goal that you get to the place in his church. We're talking about not just this church but the church worldwide till every member is perfectly in harmony with each other and God. Amen. And let's not shake our hands our heads and our heart and say not possible. If the word said it, it's possible. Perfectly in harmony with each other and God. That's the church that Jesus is coming for. Amen. Not a divided church. That's the church Jesus is coming for. That's when his prayer will be answered that we will be one. Amen. Powerful. So now then he goes on in one that's in the section I'm in here. Any man in his family, a correct, good, noble, obedient family is one with one another. Any family, a lot of words there, a family that's correct, that's good, that's noble, an obedient family is one with one another. Any family. And if there's something in the family that moves them apart, then it's not right. The family's broken somewhere. That's right. They should all be one. Father with mother, mother with father, children with parent, parent with children, all in agreement. And when you see that, you'll see one lovely picture. That's God's purpose, right? That's why I wanted to start with oneness because if you're going to build a family, that's where it starts, right? Amen. It doesn't start by doing all the other stuff and, you know, buying the vacation home so we can have vacations and all the there's a lot that goes with the family. is trying to make a, you know, trying to make a family and enjoyable vacations and trying to do this and get the things they need for school and h okay, if I talk about more, I'll get tired talking about it. But if you're going to build a family, you start with what does God say about oneness? Because that's what brings a real family, right? How do we get to that oneness? So, that's why I wanted to break this down. That's why I wanted to say it again tonight on another Wednesday night. Uh because it's been a few weeks since we've been on this subject. And if you're like me, you forget a lot. So that's why I'm bringing it back up again. Notice he said first of all an obedient family. An obedient family. Obedience has to be a part of it. That's right. You can't have oneness if you don't have an obedient family. You can't eliminate that word from it. Obedient to what though? Obedient to what? What are they obedient to? We know all know that children should be obedient to their parents. But he said an obedient family. And that means everybody's obedient. Everybody's obedient to something. All have to be obedient to something for this to work. None can be without dis without obedience. Disobedience from daddy down will break the oneness. There has to be a submissiveness in the spirit of each person. There has to be a willingness. Even even when uh those children don't have the Holy Ghost yet, they if they're if they're taught the blessing and taught the the taught the right kind of obedience and that they should be obedient, there's a blessing that goes with that oneness. they'll have more of a one fam oneness in their family if they'll learn to be obedient to to their parents and obedient to God ultimately. So if the family is but if the family is taught to um uh question authority all the time or or buck the system if they're taught that by their parents or they're taught that by someone else that that that whole scenario will eventually break up the family. There has to be an obedient family. Daddy has to be obedient to the word. Daddy has to obed be obedient to his to his boss. Yes. How does how do you expect obedience to work if the if the dad's not obedient to his boss, right? He won't obey his boss. First of all, he won't have his job for very long, right? But if he doesn't know obedience and the importance of it as a son of God, if he's not obedient to his boss, things will eventually hap happen and that will trickle down as well. He has he has to be obedient to God. He has to bring himself uh uh under the headship of God and God's delegated authority. Yeah. Two places, two or three places Paul talks about being servants being under their masters which in this day would be employers under their employees under their employer and he really emphasizes be obedient to them. Serve them and do it as under the Lord and do it for the ones that he said I'm paraphrasing and you know the scripture I'm talking about. Do it for the ones that are nice to you, but do it to the harsh ones as well. That's right. That's right. You glorify God through that. You're expressing that obedience is more important than sacrifice. Obedience is an important thing to you. And that boss made it. You see, when God has a delegated authority, you don't know who he's going to delegate his authority to. And he's going to mold your life by delegated authority. And a worldly boss, God can use That's right. to teach you things. I speak from experience, my friend. A worldly boss that doesn't care about God at all can be God's delegated authority. That's right. So, a man has to learn that he has to be obedient to God's delegated authority. And it trickles down all the way from the beginning with with God and Lucifer. And it comes all through the Bible, comes all the way up to the end. And obedience is such an important thing that men are obedient to God's delegated authority for the age, for the time. And when you have that working in a man, when you have that working in a man, then you got something really going there to see the nature of it, the nature of it begin to work in his children. Amen. And in his wife as well. So I don't know how how I got off on that, but let's get back here to uh so now if if if the family is taught to question and buck the system, oneness will break. So we still ask what is it it what is is it they are first obedient to what are they obedient to not just to one another but there has to be obedience to a spirit there has to be a reverence for something uh around them something other than themselves that they are all accountable to Christ and the word uh and the Bible says Ephesians submit yourselves one to another because there's no oneness without a submissive spirit there can be no Oneness without submission. That's right. I didn't get all the amens on that. That's all right. But study the Bible. You'll find it out. There can't be a oneness unless unless there's a spirit of submission there. A true spirit of submission. That's right. Offered up. You can't do it without it. It doesn't work. And and and so now uh if we if we see this reverence for one another and I I like what uh Larry Christensen also said that there's two main things uh to the family and he was talking about what what is needed and he says there's an or first of all there's an order for a man there's a scriptural order for a woman there's a scripture order for uh children and there's a scriptural order for the family based on the scripture and they all have to be willing to follow the order of God and agree to follow the order that God has set for the family. That's the first thing. Can you say amen? They they they have to be willing to uh uh reverence the word of God and follow the word of God. That's the first thing because there's an order set by the word and there's an order set for men, for women, for uh for their place, for the children. And whatever that order is, they have to be willing to say that that man is of the home is saying, "Now, here's the order. Here's God's order." And that family has to be in agreement with that order. Can you say amen? Amen. So that's the first thing that that he talked about and then you have to submit yourself one to another and and as I said there's no w oneness that comes without it. So there has to be reverence for one another being around there has to be an accountability uh to Christ and to the word for the oneness to be able to work. So now then he says if something comes up that's contrary then it breaks the oneness of the family. So that whole thing something comes up and it it means that something comes in that's foreign to what the standard is and what everybody's agreed on. They sat down and say this is this is what we agree on. This is our this is our absolute. There has to be something bigger than even dad. That's the absolute. Right. Amen. There's a lot of families that dad is the absolute. They're without God and so they don't make the word the absolute. But but you're you're you're dumping out the whole creator of the family. You can't do that. So dad isn't the absolute. He's the absolute under the absolute. Okay. He's the he is in his home the final word. And when there's a tie in the vote. Okay. When there's a tie in the vote, then then somebody's got to make a management decision. And so somebody has to have the final word. just the way we're going to do it as a family. And everybody comes under obedience to that, right? But but he's under a higher absolute and that whole family knows about that absolute and he's submissive to that absolute. This is the way we do it. I shared some of those things with the brothers on Sunday. The way I've approached the message and the way way I've approached the word is is that that confidence and trust even in some of the hints that are said in the word of God and the message, there's that trust there. And so I bring my life obedient to it. there has to be a something higher than you that you agree upon and you come together in that lovely that lovely picture that he's looking for. So now uh if something comes in that's foreign to the standard, that's the thing that begins to slowly move them apart. And that's how we we know something is wrong in the family. Uh when someone has acted out of place or someone has done something that is not in harmony with the melody of God's word. Amen. Uh and it's just so many things I you know you can act out of place and the only way to repair that is to ask forgiveness. I just tell you tonight that uh at supper tonight I acted out of place. Isn't that something? I did. And I had to apologize to the family because you usually when I'm getting ready to preach, it's a good time not to be around everybody else because I'm thinking about the word and if anything else comes in here that I can't handle, that's when I become real tense. So, I haven't learned yet. Um, they usually stay away from me anyway during that time. But if I get around them, it gets tense. And so, I acted out of place. I got a little tough. I raised my voice too much at the supper table. had to apologize to the fa whole family. And you know what? Um I do believe you could raise your hand and say that happens in your home as well, right? Uh if it's not, let me know what you're doing there. But but you know what? You know what is the you you cut that thing away. You ask there's no no else no other way you can repair it is just quickly make that thing right sincerely. Amen. Make that thing right before the family sincerely and get that because that has damaging effects to the spirits of your children. Long-term effects. Raising your voice has long-term effects. And you have to repair that and heal that very quickly or it'll it'll get out of the way. So that's under the category if something comes in. Brother Bram says if something comes in, I can just speak another hour on what comes in as a challenge to the family that's trying to break up the oneness. Wow. And we have to be willing to quickly stand up against that. And it's lovely when everybody stands up against it together. Sometimes we'll have family meetings when things has just got out of control and we don't know what's going on here. A spirit's taken over. We'll sit down, everybody settle down. We we all know that something's wrong and we get out of that mode of blaming each other and we start blaming the devil. That always feels good to do that. We realize we're all acting different than we normally should act here. And so the devil's got in. It's time to have prayer. We ask forgiveness for one another, of course, and own up to if we've done something wrong. But that's you bring the family together. And if you do that, that's how a family work. I'm not preaching about a perfect family tonight. I'm preaching about a family that applies God's word to situations. They have an absolute higher than even daddy and they all agree with that absolute. This is what we do in this situation and we're going to do it now. That's what brings oneness to the family. So then he goes on to say God's purpose for the family. The goal he said now here's another thing he said to be in agreement. That's the key to be in agreement. Wow. All in agreement with what? With the word of God. Minds don't agree on everything that that in that way. Minds cannot agree in that that kind of way to bring that oneness unless there's a spirit and a word that they all agree with something greater than themselves. And daddy sets up the home that way of what the absolute is being God's word. And his purpose as father supreme was to be one with his family, his earthly family. And that means they were in agreement with one another. In agreement with God, in harmony with God in what he said and thus in harmony with one another. Adam and Eve. And here he says this. And the only way that they could be one with the family or with God was because God's nature was in them. So that made them with God's nature in them. Then with each other and God, they become one. Isn't that a beautiful picture? God and his family, father overall, supreme. No death, no sorrow, no heartaches, no nothing, just joy unspeakable. Never be sick, never have a heartache, just one with God. What a picture. Because the very nature of God was in these people. And therefore what they did, they followed just in line with God and God with them made them one. So I'm going to go back to the first sentence. The only way that they could be one with the family and with God was because God's nature was in them. The only way that this works right is if God's own nature. And I like that because if I preach it just get in line with the word, get in line with the word. Line yourself up with the word. It's not just the word, but the nature of the word comes and is living in you. Because do we obey this? Yes, we must. We obey we we bring our lives under subjection that the things that said in the word. But I can't truly do that unless the same Holy Ghost in me is the same Holy Ghost that wrote the word. So I have the same nature that wrote the word, the same Holy Ghost that sent a prophet in this hour. And the same Holy Ghost that told him to say that is the same Holy Ghost that's registering. And that's how I could easily come in under subjection to it. Amen. You see, so these things are by nature. Now, what do you do if the children don't have the Holy Ghost yet? Well, you are somewhat of a Holy Ghost for them in leadership until they receive the Holy Ghost. But we still teach obedience. We still teach the blessing of obedience and say you you've got to be under you're you're under my home. I'm following Christ. And so you've got to follow the precepts of this home. And so you you've got to do that. That's that's just how as for me in my house, we serve the Lord. God's blessed you to be in my home and this is the home. This is what we that's how we go about it. And so you teach that to them until they come into that nature, the nature of the word. Then it won't be any bucking up against it. That's true. Somebody who's bucking up against the word may be missing the nature of the one who wrote the word. And it's a miserable life to live the word without getting the nature of it. There'll never be true oneness. They had to have the very nature itself living in them in order to have true oneness. That's why I have too many people through the years, even in the message, that have not preached that enough and not preach the Holy Ghost. That the young people need to get the Holy Ghost in their life and seek the Holy Ghost and pray till you get it. Can you say amen? Because they, you know, we've heard these little statements, you know, you just believe this and you're fine. You just believe not enough preaching on the Holy Ghost. There's the Holy Ghost is the nature of the the one who wrote the Bible. It's Listen, let me say it this way. There's only one person that can live this word. Amen. And it's not you and it's not me. Amen. It's Christ. He comes in you and he lives this word. It's by nature. And if we get the same nature as the word, we won't have a problem with the word. That's right. Because if something registers that the same one that wrote it is saying it, same one that bring it through the prophet. And the prophet I mean this whole Bible is all the prophet speaking. First five books of the Old Testament is a prophet. That's right. Moses wrote them. Amen. The last half of the Old Testament is all the prophets. Amen. Then we have the ultimate prophet Jesus Christ, the God prophet for four chapters. Can you say amen? Then the early church starts again under a prophet 14 books of the New Testament. It's all for the mystery spoken through a prophet. It's all that. And so if that Holy Ghost God who in sunundred times and in diverse matters spoke to the fathers by the prophets and in these last days has spoken unto us by his son Jesus Christ. It's the Holy Ghost that was moved on men of God to inspire them. And so if that's true, the same Holy Ghost will register. That's the truth. I can easily bring my life under obedience tonight. Hallelujah. Now, why can't I get an amen some of you people? Was that not scripture and the truth? Why can't I get an amen out of you? Praise the Lord. Amen. So, I love that. I love that. The nature, the nature, they were one because they had the same nature within them. Pray for the Holy Ghost in your life above any prayer that you ever make. Amen. And if you already know that you got it, pray for more of it. You're going to need it in the days to come. And tonight, I'm saying pray for it because there's no true oneness without it. That's right. Isn't the mechanics that break make oneness that only lasts so long. It isn't order that makes oneness that only lasts so long. But it's the order and all the mechanics with the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. The nature of the word to live the word. Praise God. I just think that's good. And that's how the oneness comes. All have the same nature in a family. One spirit leads at home and it's the Holy Spirit. All have it or if they don't all have it. They agree. That's what leads us is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Daddy's under the Daddy said testified he's got the Holy Ghost. Dad gave his testimony to me. I've heard what God did in his life. Dad was 16 years old and he was at BYC and God come down and changed his life and he got the Holy Ghost. And since that time, he can testify that the Holy Ghost is what leads his life through the word of God. And so that kid, even if they don't have it, they develop confidence that this home is led by the Holy Ghost through daddy. Amen. Hallelujah. Can you say amen? This whole This home isn't led by daddy's own carnal way. This home is led because he's got the Holy Ghost. And that ought to make him say, "I want the Holy Ghost, too." Because we have to have the nature to have oneness. We have to be of the same nature of the word. Amen. To be able to really embrace the word like we should. All have to have it. All one spirit leads the home. They all have it. Or if they don't, they know what leads. This isn't some mechanical thing forcing people to agree. That's cultish. Would you agree? Amen. Y cults are formed and have great order and have a lot of great things that go with it, but they're for they're they're formed by forcing the people into a certain thing that's cultish certain without the nature of Christ. Amen. So then as we read on, his nature is tied to the word. His nature is tied to the word. My words, Jesus said, "My words I speak unto you. They are spirit and they are life." That's right. The nature of God is that's why we have to stay in the word. We have to keep reading the word. We have to keep praying with the word because there's a spirit in there and you want that spirit to come off those pages into you. I shouldn't say come off the pages, but you want God to inspire it to you through the Holy Ghost. You want the nature of the word and and so we find that we have to abide in his word and that's what brings his nature according to John 15. If you abide in me and my words abide in you shall ask what you will. How do we abide in Christ? By abiding in his word. Yes. Is that simple enough? Jesus said abide in me and I abide in you. Abide in his word. So his word is tied together with him, his nature. And if we abide in his word, then we're abiding in his nature. Then we ask what we will, then we can go forward. Then we can overcome. So when they left the word in the beginning, they left the nature of God too. And they could no longer have oneness with God or oneness with one another. In a moment's time, Adam is becoming selfish. And instead of standing to his wife, he's pointing and blaming his wife. What changed? The nature of the word left. They she broke the word Eve. And so now the whole picture's changed. They got shame and guilt on them. And God comes down and says, "What what's going on here?" I said, "The woman, it it was it was the chick that got us in all this trouble. It was her. She did it. Now he's supposed to be standing with her, right? He's supposed to be He's supposed to be uh, you know, one with her, but the oneness has been broke. And when oneness is broke, you'll act like Adam. You'll start blaming everybody else. That's right. You'll never own up to what to what you're doing. You something's happened. And when your oneness is broke, you're going to dish it off on your wife. You're going to dish it off everybody else. You're going to shift the blame on all the people that you've hurt you in life. People are professionals of shifting the blame. Okay? That's when oneness is broke. If they had oneness, he'd have stepped out with her and and said, "We did this together." together. But his first response was not we, you know, I I come out with her. We know later that he stepped out with her. But his first response was a carnos response without the nature of God. Now everything's been broke. And he says, "She did it." So then he comes and says the woman and she points to the serpent said, "He did it." They're like little kids being exposed with the cookie in their mouth and crumbs. Did you take that? No, I didn't do it. He did it. She did it. So when oneness is broke, that's the way the behavior. That's the way we begin to act in every home. That's right. You become selfish when you start acting outside of the oneness God has for you. You become selfish, right? You're not a team anymore. You're not there's no oneness anymore. So when they broke that, everything was good until something foreign comes in and it takes it out and foreign even foreign thoughts. We'll get to some more of that in just a minute. But the word points us to true oneness and brings us to the nature of oneness. When we're in agreement with something, families will go good for a while sometimes that have a goal of building an empire, but the goal is not the oneness of the word and the word of God and the spirit of God. And so they'll they'll they'll have a great business and they'll all be in agreement. And you'll see that like the tower of babel in a carnal way people can come into agreement right for the wrong purpose right for the wrong thing and it can create such unity like the world council of churches and the whole image under the beast is growing and coming to that and people are going to join with it denominations but individuals will join with it and it's all an anti-spirit to come against the word of god the true word of god but they'll they'll they'll gather into that in a false unity so you can get that but look at a family who builds it upon the sinking sands of a career or a business. God never intended intended the agreement of a family to be agreeable and one upon some business. They have to come in nature with the word of God. That's right. For them to be blessed families. This one oneness comes when the foundation of the family is the word and the nature of God living in them. It's the dominant thing. There's no way that oneness comes from different natures dominating. But our carnal nature can never match God or ever agrees with God's nature. It'll never agree with it that way. That's why you need the nature of God. He says you and your carnal nature, brother Brown says, he says, you'll never even agree with the word. You can't even get an agreeable spirit with the word the way that you are. That's why you need his nature to live. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. So now as we continue on just a little bit, couple more minutes. I was just going to switch over here and speak a little bit more. Now he says further down into the message, ye in me and I in you, that they may be one, Father, even as you and I are one. Christ in the church, just as we are one, so there will be one. My words in you, then ask what you will, for it isn't you no more. It's the word that's in you, and the word is God. So it's coming in union with the word. It's coming in oneness with the word. The word was tied to the nature of God. So when Eve lost the word and fell from the word, they lost the nature. And when they lost the nature, they lost oneness. Okay, that's what happens play that plays out in a lot of families. Sometimes they fell from the word first. Then they fall from the spirit of Christ and then they lose their oneness, even in a marriage with one another. Everything is good until something comes up that drives them apart. Something foreign. And I want to talk a little bit more about that. Excuse me. So here's the subject he changes to in the oneness just for just for a few paragraphs. But he's talking about oneness one. And he says, "Now the word of God is a sword." Hebrews 4, the fourth chapter says, "So it is a sword. The word of God is a sword. And a sword is a is perfect dormant if it isn't yielded by a hand or a power. But it takes a hand to hold the sword. And the hand that holds his sword is the hand of faith." So when I preach to you that the family needs the word, we need to stay in the word. That needs to be the order for the home and the nature of the word. There's an extra step that I believe Brother Bram was talking about in oneness is that you can have a sword laying there all day, but it takes a hand of faith to pick it up. And what are you going to do with a sword? You're going to cut through some things. So obviously when you have the word and when you have when you have the sword, obviously there's going to be things that come contrary to the word you believe. And that's why he brought the symbolism that the sword is symbolized by the sword. The sword is the symbol he uses for the word of God. He could have used any symbol, but he used a sword. Why? Because you're going to have to fight through enemies. You're going to have to fight through things contrary. You're have to cut your way through unbelief like Abraham did in order for you to have that oneness that you want to have. The hand of faith, he says, this hand of faith, uh, it depends on how strong your hand is. Now, the hand of faith might just be strong enough to cut a little hole through the darkness and say, "By faith, I'm saved. Anybody who does that had to take a little bit of faith, a little bit of the sword, and they had to cut through those all those feelings in their life. Oh, stay away from that God stuff. Stay away from that religion stuff. You don't need it. You're a good person. And yet their heart is crying for God. So all those little thoughts they've had all their life keeping them from giving their heart to the Lord. They've got to take a little bit of faith with the sword and they've got to cut through those thoughts in order for them to be saved. He said, "You might have just a little faith uh just to believe and say, "By faith, I'm saved." That's a great cut, but then if that's all, the stronger the hand is to yield the sword, that's all it can cut. But if it's a strong hand, it'll cut plum through everything the devil can put out there and make every promise of God shine forth in the power of his resurrection. If it's a strong hand of faith, the days of miracles, the days of miracles, Jesus Christ, the when somebody says the days of miracles have passed, that strong hand of faith cuts through that thought and says it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. It cuts its way through. It depends on the power of the hand behind the sword. Now, this is important for the families because in their agreement and that being, okay, we're going to follow the word. We're going to be we're going to follow what he says. We want to pray that that we we have his nature in our lives and we want to do all this. But you cannot let that sword just sit there and say, "I believe it." There's going to be incidences almost every day where you got to have faith in that sword to cut through the things that are coming against it. A strong family has to all be in agreement that this is a sword of fa. This is a sword of the word, but it takes a hand of faith. So everybody in the family's got to be willing to bring up and talk about and bring the word up when something contrary is breaking the oneness of that family. Right? And I've had kids do it to their parents. I've had my kids do it to me. They get inspired of God. They remember what the word says on something and they're reminding daddy of what the word said. Amen. Should be most of the time the daddy's saying it because if nobody else says it, the daddy's got to say it. He's going to take that strong hand and say something's coming in here and we need to cut through this. That's right. Get back to our oneness. Can you say amen? But everybody in the family should be in agreement to stand up to say now we know something's coming contrary to what we stand for. That's right. There's some new ideas trying to float in here. and uh maybe even one family member has already embraced those ideas. That becomes a difficult thing, becomes harder. But somebody's got to stand with the word and be able to cut through to the promise of God. This is what strong families become is that when they not only have the word, but they have faith with the word, they got to have somebody that raises up and saying, "Now, what do we do when somebody's sick?" "What do we do when somebody gets a fever?" Right now, we know we have medicines. I go to the doctor. I was just at a specialist on Monday. We know we use those things. Brother Brandham used those things. It's not a sin to go to doctor. I thank God for them, right? But if that's what you're hinging everything on, you're not taking a strong hand of faith with the word because you got some promises laying in here for your healing. So, we can go get such in a comfort zone that that takes care of us that we forget faith. We forget his promise. And so sometimes somebody has to remind us in the family to say, "Wait a minute. We're a believing family. Why don't we gather together and lay hands on them?" There's a lot of families doing that less and less and less. And I think we should be doing it more and more and more. It would save us some money on medical bills. Not against medicine, you understand? But we need more faith. And if someone has given a word to somebody for their healing and they're still on their medicine, a lot of preachers have put that down. I don't put that down because God could heal them through a miracle. God could heal them through God, Brother Ram says, God can use medicine. God can have the healing over time. But all of that functions, you should never lose your faith in a God that is able to do it and give glory to God. Right? If you're dependent on that doctor, you're going to be very disappointed in life because they all say different things many times, don't they? Can you say amen? It's amazing how different their advice can be and how different their medicines can be and different their diagnosis can be. And so, listen, there's somebody in that family needs to have faith, if not all of them, to say, "This is how we deal with this, and we're going to cut through the unbelief, and we're going to take it before God." Just heard a testimony this week of God's healing. Somebody's been praying for my back because I'm feeling a lot better than I was last weekend. And they want me to go get an M MRI and all these other things and I may do it, but I have felt so good the last few days. And people texting me saying, "We're praying for you." I'm telling you, the prayers are working. The prayers are working. And I want the body of Christ as my first doctor. Can you say amen? I want a people of faith to bombard heaven for me. That's what I want. That's what you should want. That's normal in the kingdom of God. But oh, how Satan tries to bring in all the other ideas as as a as something that's other. If I got to move along here, I know I'm I got just about five minutes. The sword is plenty sharp. It's sharper than a two-edged sword that cuts both coming and going. And it goes to the marl of the bone and the joints and the discerner of the thoughts of the heart. Goes beyond the physical. It goes into the spiritual realm and picks up the thoughts of the heart and reveals them. The spirit of God, the word of God. Now, that word will cut in there if there's enough arm behind it to push it in. It's find its place and cut every promise out and give it to you. If you just got the strong enough arm behind it, the sword, pick it up, an arm of faith, grip it tight, hold on to it, and walk into the face of the enemy, how can that uncircumcised enemy ever stand in the presence of the eternal God? So, you take the sword of the word and every promise belongs to you, pick it up in a strong hand of faith, walk forward with it. That's why Someone needs to confess the positive sometimes when everybody's talking negative. You got a family and they're all in agreement to be depressed. We're agreeing we're all down and we're all in the mubs and for my home. Thank the Lord. There's always somebody that says, "Why is everybody so negative around here?" And they start quoting scripture and starts quoting preachers that they've heard for years. Praise God that somebody grabs the hand the sword with a hand of faith. Somebody because I tell you a lot of the faith it has to do with confession and speaking things that everybody's going they don't want to hear it but speaking things contrary to what's come in that's contrary. Amen. He's speaking God's language. You start to confess and say God's word can heal. God's word is God's promise. And that's what we do. And so pick it up. Have a strong hand of faith. If you need healing, cut it out with the word Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. If you need salvation, every promise in the Bible is yours. It's laying there and there, and Satan's trying to hide it from you. Satan hides his promises from you. His all the promises. Can you say, "Amen. I've got a promise I'm preaching to you to have a blessed family." Amen. I'm trying to preach out because I want your family to be happy and blessed. But you have to go home and cut through some things sometimes, right? To get to the promise that we're preaching to you. It's laying back there and Satan's trying to hide it. But take the sword and push through the darkness until the light of God shines it upon your soul and you have the promise. He will do it. And that's why it says Abraham strong was strong in faith. Abraham was strong in faith. He cut through the unbelief. that family when they see something move in that is breaking the oneness with God or each other rises up in agreement to have faith to drive it out. May God bless us with families that are growing in the strength that when something moves in foreign to what the harmony is with the melody that the family members will rise up together and say, "Let's stand against this thing." May God do it. What kind of things move in that are contrary? I'm closing. What's contrary that breaks oneness? Bitterness. Bitterness. Out of control anger is contrary to oneness. pride, putting each other down disrespectfully, building up walls to each other that you don't even want to talk to each other again. That means something has come in that's contrary to the oneness. You got to take the hand of faith with the word and cut through that. And if you don't, Satan will just keep going. He's not going to stop. If disrespect starts and it's not dealt with, it's going to keep getting more disrespectful until you have fights. You'll have physical fights. That's why you see families with abuse because there's no absolute there and no spirit of God to kill that demon of disrespect. You see he there's no limit to he just keeps going more disrespectful more more and more because his agenda friends bitterness and out of control anger I can tell you Satan's agenda isn't all this stuff or worldly things coming in the home his agenda is to break oneness his agenda is to divide the flock right it's not the issues a lot of times it's the agenda to divide I get an amen Amen. Don't forget that's his agenda. He's going to break that marriage up. He's going to break that family up. He wants to break that church up. That's what he wants to accomplish. But we're not ignorant of his devices. We've watched him all through history. We know our enemy. Amen. And when the discernment of the saints pick up on something that's we've seen this before, we know where it's going. They ought to rise up in faith and prayer and say, "We're not going there with you." Amen. There's so many things that can break the oneness. Family has to be willing to cut through by faith whatever keeps them from oneness with God or one another. They got to be willing to cut through that and come back together. Many things getting around the wrong people can break oneness in the family. Other people can draw a family member away from the rest of the family and break the oneness in the family. Can I get an amen? Yeah. The associates, the associates that that children hang around and teenagers hang around or that the parents hang around who you get with, be careful. Sometimes someone's trying to get to break up that family. Get between the marriage, get between the kids. Sometimes influencing the kids a certain way, against their parents. That's pitiful. Amen. And you have to recognize it. Sometimes influences can take them against the family or against the standards of that family. Yeah. That's what the devil is. He wants to stand against the standards that that family is setting. His ultimate desire is to divide the family. But he starts attacking the standards to a young teenager and shows them all these things. See, they don't have to do that and they're Christians and look what they're doing. And a teenager sometimes they're young. You say, "Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's true. That's why is my family so weird and why is all this?" And so you got all that going and now all of a sudden you come back into the home. Something has come in to break the oneness. Right. True. Wrong teaching can break the oneness of a family. False doctrine can break the oneness of a family. Something said that's contrary to the word of God for this hour can break the oneness in a church and a family. Wrong teaching can be found mostly today on the internet. Remember, the Bible shows us that thoughts and words are seeds. I'm closing. I know. We got to get a clock back there someday. Seeds in the Bible represent thoughts or words. And because of that, it's not till later that we see what a seed produces. So you may not see a breakness and oneness initially, whether it be a marriage or church or family or whatever it is. You may not see it right away, but if the seeds have been planted, that's the direction it's headed. Because thoughts and words can plant the seeds of unbelief, plant the seeds of disrespect, plant the seeds of disunityity. It's not till later we see the fruit. And you must look and say, if it pulls you from Christ or the word or one another, you got to look at the fruit that the seed bears. And sometimes you don't see it till later because seeds will produce something. Jesus taught the seed doctrine in Matthew and Mark and Luke. He laid it in. Prophet laid it in towards the end of his ministry starting with spoken word. The original seed seed is not heir with a shock. Seed seed seed there. Especially towards the end of his ministry. Jesus towards the end of the ministry is laying in the seed doctrine. That's a lot of times what what religious people don't like because that when Jesus is teaching on the different seed there's a seed of one of those parables he said the seed the good seed is the children of God and the tears is what Satan swed he goes into all those parables a lot of times they don't like the seed doctrine because it it separates people into categories sometimes that's why they don't like it nevertheless he laid it in but the thing with the seed like even uh in Cain and Abel you didn't see what was in them until they grew up That's right. Right. That's why Jesus said, "Let them grow together and we'll we'll deal with it at the end." He didn't see what seed thereof until they grew up. They didn't Cain didn't kill Abel when he was a kid. But when they grew up, Cain manifested who his father was. Yes. Sometimes it's later on in the manifesting of what really is in a person will come out. Can you say amen? And so why am I saying that? Because remember, seeds can come in, but watch sometimes where it's going in the family because it's it can turn into other things. Worldly movies can break the oneness of a family. They can bring a wrong spirit in, a lustful spirit, a disrespectful spirit. Um, I've watched children if they watch too many of these uh Disney things. Uh, then all of a sudden they start disres disrespecting their parents because of how that kid is acting towards their parents in that Disney movie. And you don't think they're going to pick up it? Well, my kids are message kids. They'll never they'll never No, no. Image is more powerful than anything. And so now they start sassing you like uh Hannah Montana sassed her parents. So they can bring wrong spirits, lustful spirits. That's all to break the family. But the real agenda is to divide and break the oneness of a family. Worldly movies, music can do it as well. If you know the power of music and see the power of music can bring spirits of rebellion, spirits of disrespect. Many kinds of music can do that. Look at the agenda to try to break up your family and break your children's relationship with you. Break your wife's relationship with you to break it break up the oneness. This ought to make you just take everything to prayer as a family and take everything together and believe together. When these things begin to come in, and they will almost on a daily basis, there's some effort that the Satan has, stand together as a family and recognize it's not you so much, but it's the enemy trying to break how happy and how one your family can be in this hour. At the end of marriage and divorce, Brother Bram says, "Lord, make these families happy. Make these families whole. Make these families blessed." We have some families, they don't have daddies. They don't have moms. They they have situations where the parents aren't serving the Lord. We try to encourage them. All you saints should be encouraged them because they got a little bit of a broken up family, but God can provide. Fathers and mothers and all they need in the body of Christ. Can you say amen? We support them. Can you say amen? The sisters without husbands, we support them and the Holy Spirit will provide what's needed for them. So don't think that you're a family that can't enjoy all the promises and blessings of God. Amen. You may not have a daddy that's a godly daddy, but I'll tell you one thing, there's a greater godly daddy that'll lead your life if you'll just submit to him. There's some images in the church of father figures. There's you're going to see the images and image is everything. We're going to continue to pray that God will restore families and bring daddy's back or whatever happens. We should never forget that prayer, but don't think that you're kind of half half something until that time. You can go on with the Holy Ghost serving the Lord and God can bless your family as well. Even you single guys, you older bachelors, you're a family and God can bless your family. Praise God. Trying to include everybody here tonight. You're in the family of God. You can't get in a better family than that, my brother. Brother Tom, you don't think you have children. You don't have You got tons of children. We're all your kids, Brother Tom. We all been taught by you. Praise the Lord. You love him tonight. Let's stand together then. God bless you. Appreciate you listening. So then the family recognizes something that's going to break the oneness quickly. Get the hand of faith there and the sword of God and cut through that. Sit down together, pray together, have family altar together. We don't do it every night, but we try to once to twice, mostly about two times or three times a week, we try to get gather everybody together and all their busy schedule and school and homework and everything. Make it a priority to spend some time reading the word and just praying together. Sometimes that's all we have time for. Sometimes we get into big discussions and it goes on and on and on. And I enjoy those times. But these days you don't have a lot of time for that. But there has to be times when we come together and remember the absolute that we're holding together. And that's the thing that brings us into oneness. Amen. Father, we thank you tonight. We pray that the words that were spoken their feeble way. Uh I'm not an ortor, Lord. I I stumble and I say wrong words sometimes, but I pray that you'll put them together in the spirit of what we've brought here tonight. And I pray like brother Brandon prayed, make these families happy. Make these sons of God and daughters of God. Mold them into the image that you want to see in the last days. We're not in Luther's day and Wesley's day or Pentecost. You didn't call us to those ages, but you called us to even something higher in the last days, Lord. That the expression of families and marriages could grow to a place of being so restored that there's the glory of God is displayed in those things. Not the world not blending in, not trying to walk on the fence, be on the fence, but a clear distinction to the rest of the world. This truly is the manifestation of what Christianity was supposed to be. That's my desire for my family. Lord, I I just pray that it would be so. Lord, I'm not the best father that I've wanted to be, but I can learn more from you because you're the ultimate heavenly father. You're the perfect father. I wonder if the families could just get together and just lay your hands on one another before I continue to pray. Husbands and wives and got some friend there. Just lay your hands on one another as we continue this prayer. And I want us in this series to not only hear things of the word, but pray that God would strengthen the fellowship and the the families in this church. The strength of the church will be the strength of the families and marriages. So, will you pray with me that God whatever Satan's got in and tried to destroy, that he would restore and make it what it was meant to be. Would you pray with me? Lord, just thought that we'd gathered together and lay hands on one another. Many families here, Lord, and there's some family members that's went astray. There's some, Lord, that are struggling, Lord, just trying to find themselves. There's some that's walked away completely. But Lord, we pray for them tonight. The families that have been broken up. I pray that you will bless them. Lord, I pray that you, if it be in your will, to restore those back to the faith again. Lord, you're you're a miracle working God. You're able to do that. When a child cries for their daddy and mommy to be saved and to be in the faith again, Lord, you can hear that cry. Lord Jesus, I pray that you'll do it. And all of these families represented in our church. Some not able to be here tonight, but strengthen them. Lord, there's been some families go through through some great turmoil, great turbulence this year, just hard times. And Lord, we're we're on the phone with them and we're we're burdened with them, Lord. And we don't want to see things go the way they go sometimes. So we just pray to you, Lord, our heavenly father, that you would step in and to to to do a miracle for these families, Lord. Some are coming out of the woods and coming out of things that they've been through for years. I rejoice in that, Lord. I'm thankful, Lord, that over time, you bring them back to that that that true spirit of God that they really had confidence in to start with. Thank you, Lord, that you're the God of restoration. Bless these families, Beth, their children. Fill these children with the Holy Ghost. Fill these lives with your Holy Spirit. I pray, Lord, my children, Lord, fill them with the Holy Ghost, the true genuine spirit of God that can say amen to the word of God and live the word of God. Lord, give your inheritance. You You're trying to hand it to us, Lord. But may we cut through all the barriers that's keeping us from our inheritance. And one of those things is to have a blessed family. We hold on to that promise, Lord. The promise of Abraham that you gave him that all the families of the earth will be blessed. May we have the faith and life of Abraham to be strong, to not stagger at the promises of God and to go through, cut through the unbelief that we feel around us, so many influences and doubts and unbelief. May we cut through it, Lord, and stand upon your word. Thank you for this precious time. And I pray that you put these seeds in their hearts, Lord, and it'll bring a fruit of strong, healthy families. We believe that it will in Jesus precious name. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen." Believing together in one mind, and one accord, hopefully you can say that, "Brother Paul, what you preach tonight is from the Bible. It's the absolute of the word. It's not me. But pointing to that, we can all be in agreement together in one mind, one accord. That's the goal that we're shooting for. Got a song, Raj? Ro, you don't have one? I don't have one either. Praise the Lord. Well, we can the body of Christ again. Couple verses of that body of Christ. Uh, Brother John. Amen. Oh, the beautiful [Music] mighty rising from death into life. The glory of God most high in fullness in the beautiful body of Christ. Sing it one more time. Oh, the beautiful. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. humble our hearts, Lord, before you for this image that we're looking at, Father. We're not what we should be, but thank God we're not what we used to be. Father, we transfor you and your change us. Hopefully, Lord, I place that in this before the people tonight and they can see it. You change them. Change them. Oh, the beautiful body of Christ rising from death into life. Glory of God. [Music] most high is for the spirit is I in the beautiful body of [Music] Christ. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Thank you for what he's done, what he's promised us in his word. These are your promises, too. These are all your promises, too. Not just brother Paul's. You have to cut through the enemy and get to your promises. You want a better family? Cut through the enemy's unbelief and come to that. I believe it. Praise the Lord. Look at that. Quarter to nine. I'm getting you out on a Wednesday night. Get in the car. Get through this cold. Get home. You see, it's just not that bad. I'm I'm respectful to the time unless the Lord comes and takes me further on and on. I'm trying to be respectful of kids that got home work and the next day and how tired we get. And it's always so refreshing to spend this time on Wednesday night at midweek and just come and take what what have we been just less than two hours. But look at the value. Look how special it's been. Just to feel refreshed. I don't know about you, but I need to be refreshed. Amen. So, make it a priority to come and fellowship with us on Wednesday nights. And I'll make a well, I won't make a promise, but I'll do my best to get you out in a decent time. Praise the Lord. Shake one other's hand. God bless you. Got a song now. Raj. All right. I'm so glad I'm a part of this family. [Music] Jous as we is I'm a one of [Music] the Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music]
