################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-08 - 2025.10.08 - Bro. Brandyn Sinacola - Times Of Refreshing (Part 2) - Brandyn Sinacola.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-08
Title:   2025.10.08 - Bro. Brandyn Sinacola - Times Of Refreshing (Part 2)
Speaker: Brandyn Sinacola
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym7cTZKw85Q
========================================

[Music] Everybody [Music] Ooh. Hallelujah. [Music] I can't Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Here [Music] I am to sing for my [Music] All together. All together. [Music] Here I am. Here I am. Here I am to see you. Here I am to save. You're my God. You're all together. All together. [Music] All together. All together. Here I am. Here I am to see my God. You're all together. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. [Music] Hallelujah. Before we pray tonight, let's sing this amazing love. How can it be? Yes, Lord. That you, my king, would die for me. [Music] know amazing love I know it's true. It's my joy tonight, Lord. It's my joy to honor you. In all I do, I honor. Can you help me sing the verse? I'm forgiven tonight. Oh, [Music] I'm forgiven because you were forsaken and I'm accepted. You were condemned and I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again with all your heart tonight. Amazing love. Amazing love. How can it be? Oh yes. That you, my king, would die for me. Oh. Amazing love I know it's true. It's my joy. It's my joy to honor you. I honor you. I honor you. I love this. Just sing this a few times. You are my king. Sing. You are my Have you come to worship the King of Kings tonight? Oh, you are my King. Jesus, you are my king. Jesus, you might love Amazing. How can I die for me? Thank you, Lord. Amazing love. Amazing love. I know it's true. It's my joy to honor you. Oh yes, in all I do. Oh, I honor you. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. We honor you in everything we do, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord Jesus, we come before your throne tonight, God, looking to our King of Kings, our Lord of Lords tonight, God, and nothing less, Lord. We want to see your face more clearly tonight, God. So Lord, give us that spiritual eyes so we could see you more clearly, Lord. And Lord, just give us that revelation that's so needful for this day, Lord God, where there's nothing black and white anymore, Lord Jesus. Just so much gray area, God. But Lord, we want to know that. We know that. We know God that what you've settled in our hearts, Lord Jesus. And we want to be confident in that, Lord Jesus. Confident in you tonight, God. Lord, just we just bless your name once again as that song says, in everything and all that we do, we honor you tonight, Lord Jesus. And that's our heart's desire, God. Lord, take control of the service, Lord Jesus. Take control of our hearts, God, and our ears, Lord. Everything about us, Lord. every fiber. Lord, we just put it under your subjection right now, God, so you can speak to us again, Lord God. Help us to be available, Lord, as Mary was available. Be it unto me according to thy word, Lord Jesus. Our hearts are open again tonight in Jesus' name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Special. Where'd she go? I didn't see her. Lily, she must have been uh Oh, she's in the back. She does all that. Okay. Happy birthday to my sister-in-law Lily tonight. God bless her for all that she does in the back. It's usually what she's doing. She's got Lilian I just saw in the back. She got Indie in one arm and then she's doing the sound on the other. And actually my wife, a lot of you guys didn't know this. How did it get to my wife? I don't know. It just popped in my head. My wife Olivia, she used to play the tambourine and with one arm. This is at her old church with one arm and then do lyrics with her other hand. Can you imagine that? A lot of you didn't know that, but she's a percussionist. So, she's going to she's going to try out next for next this Sunday. Kenny. Amen. God's so good. Let's go around and greet each other tonight. Let's sing. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. You better hopes on things eternal. Oh, hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. [Applause] Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. Just build your hopes on things to etern All you to God's unchanging [Music] [Music] hand [Music] to God's unchanging Your hopes on things. Oh, to God's unchanging hands. Sing the verses. Well, time is filled with swift transition. Oh yes. Oh God of you can stay. What do we do now? Just your hopes on things. [Music] We just hold to God's unchanging hand. Hallelujah. We'll just hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. You better build your song's eternal to God. Now listen to this. Come now. Come now. Next one. Next one. Next one. Because not this world's great riches. Oh yes. Oh that so rapidly decay. Just see hallelujah to g of heavenly train. Oh it's coming now. Oh day will never pass away. Aren't you glad tonight? Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, [Music] to God's unchanging hand. Just build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Hallelujah. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one of every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. All glory. Hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praises to our God. God my savior. Oh God my savior. [Music] God my heer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He go my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. Oh yes he is. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God as my savior. Oh God my savior. [Music] God my God my Yes. Oh yes he is. He God my savior. God my he my deliverer. Yes he is. Oh yes, he is. Yes, he is tonight. He's everything to us. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. This is a new chorus I just learned a few weeks ago. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, for your name, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praise. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Hallelujah. I will praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I will praise the Lord. No matter what and no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. Oh, testify tonight that I will praise the Lord. Oh, we'll praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow brings or what he has in store. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Let's all stand and sing it. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will pray. Praise the Lord. [Music] Give the Lord some praise tonight. Hallelujah. No matter what comes, Lord, we will praise you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. KFC tonight. Amen. As a prayer request, we come. Amen. And along those same lines, but let's sing this first part. [Music] Hello him. How we long to worship you. [Music] Elohim. [Music] How we long to worship you. First verse. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. No matter what the circumstance. Yes, Lord. Oh, no. No matter what the situation we will lift up holy hands and sing [Music] how we long to worship. worship you. Yes, Lord. Oh, him. How we long to worship you. [Music] Here we are in Satan's Eden. [Music] Satan comes to beat us down. Oh yes. But with your spirit he before us. Hallelujah. In righteousness will rise and sing. [Music] adore him. For how we long to worship you. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. And all him. Oh, how we long to worship you. Sing with all your heart. [Music] Oh, him. Oh, how we long to worship you in love. [Music] him. Oh, how we long to worship you. He's higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. Hallelujah. Oh, he is the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion. If he won for you tonight, let's all stand and sing it. He's higher than the highest. He is higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. Oh, he's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? [Music] I'd like to introduce to you Lord. Oh, in this corner of the good and the right [Music] stands a champ in wide. His high exceeds the heavens. His will always the world. His reach reaches everywhere. His age is ever more. [Music] He is higher than the highest. He's ger. No one could ever take his crown away. Hallelujah. Oh, he's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. Oh, he's the alltime understood undefeated champion of love. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's give him a handful of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Only he can do that. Only he can do that. Amen. And praise the Lord. Well, there's spirits good here this evening and God bless you. Uh musicians, I'm I'm done here. If you want to open your Bibles, uh let's go to Acts 3: If they would put on the up for us Jeremiah 29:13. Solomon, is your is your wife here? She's doing sound somewhere. Okay. Well, Lily, you're back there in the back and I just wanted to wish you a very special happy birthday. Today is her birthday. So, would give her a hand clap and she can hear you, I'm sure. Very grateful. I was I saw their birthday on the calendar today and I was just just reminiscing of um counseling with her and Solomon before their their marriage and just how much I enjoyed getting to know both of them better and and just uh just complimenting their their hearts were just fully open. They were wanting the very best for life, for marriage, for one another. And you know that's just two two special people a special heart there. So, &gt;&gt; God bless you, Lily. So, I just I was inspired and so I thought I'd read it again. Brother Paul read this on Sunday. Jeremiah 29:13. And ye shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all your heart. &gt;&gt; And that's just I want to open with that in Acts 3:19. Repent ye therefore and be converted that your sins may be blotted out when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord. And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution. And that restitution is restoration to perfect state before the fall. restitution of all things which God has spoken by the mouth of his holy prophets since the world began. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord, and we're just grateful for your presence on a midweek service, Lord. You're just to come into it anytime, but that you would meet us here in this place as we come to sit at your feet. Lord, my prayer all day has been that you'd just help me to get out of the way, that you'd speak to your people and give them what they need. And so we just ask God that you'd bless your word now. Bless the people's hearts. And Lord, let it not return void as you promised in Jesus' name. And Lord, also I just want to remember our pastor just that you would completely restore his strength and health in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Well, God bless you. You can be seated tonight. Um, just good to see you on a Wednesday night just looking around and seeing everyone's faces and brother Francis, Sister Rachel, good to have you back. God bless you and everybody and all the little ones that are giving their parents trouble and God bless you parents for that. So, I just I want to I want to just go back into um maybe I'm bad at setting titles, I don't know, but I just just that whole thought of times of refreshing again. And just just look at it from another angle that has been on my heart for some time. And um I'll I'll you've heard me talk a little bit about um kind of what gave me the direction, but I just thought I'd let you know where I'm coming from, and it also kind of helps lay a foundation for what I want to get into. But uh what turned me on to this thought um and is just as as I went to my grandmother's funeral years ago seeing all of the Italians that I hadn't seen since I was a little boy. Um it, you know, since family reunions and and as we were standing there, you know, my my uh dad's godfather uh is named Cosmo Valente. And I just wish I had a cool name like that, but Cosmo Valente. and just I mean maybe I don't know he was probably middle of my chest you know and he just walks up and you know I shared with you he told my dad is that your boy he talked just like that too that's your boy that's a fine boy and uh so I just I I just got to just realizing in in that moment seeing all of them that you know my grandmother was passed away which she didn't speak a whole lot of Italian but you know she she understood it Um but even she the just that understanding kind of left her because the generation who spoke it had all gone. &gt;&gt; And so she had actually lost a little bit of it. And so I just realized standing there, you know, looking around my my dad and my aunts and uncles and I thought, well, they understand it. They can speak a little bit of it. I have no clue. And then I just got to thinking, I'm the third generation from my grandfather who spoke full Italian, broken English, you know, that's it was, you know, instead of what's what's wrong? What's what's the matter? It was what's the matter you and you know, it was just very heavy, thick accent and and broken English. And, you know, just kind of kind of interesting. My my grandparents came over on the boat from Italy. So, they were first generation first generation Italians come over on the boat from Italy. They only spoke Italian, not a not a lick of English. Uh grandparents, particularly my grandfather, as I said, spoke broken. Uh mostly Italian. And then um kind of a funny story just just as I'm getting into this, you know, just the first generation, second generation, third generation, that's kind of where I'm headed. But you know, this Cosmo Valente, he um he he come over as a boy. um you know, Germany was coming into Italy and um you know, attacking Italy and so they were starting to do the recruiting and so they got him out just in time to miss the the Italian army draft and I think he was just a young young man, maybe even a boy. And uh so they got him out, he comes over to the US and he gets drafted into the US Army. It's kind of ironic, but you know, in in Italian, non capisco means I don't understand. and and uh so he's standing there and the general is telling him which way go you go this way you go this way and he gets to them and if they didn't speak English and couldn't understand it they went to the translating line and if they could understand it even if they really didn't speak it they went to the you know you're going to war line and uh so he knew that and he walks up and they said well you know do you understand no kapiscoco no kapiscoco and he said okay go to this line so he started to walk and he said hey wait a second you understood that get over there And this is kind of a funny story, but uh you know the first generation Italians and they the the things that they had to go through, you know, to to try to avoid the war over there, to get on a boat, to come here to not not just avoiding civil war, but to to try to have a better life and and and the things that they had to struggle through and the things that they had to go through. and and and then you know the next generation got to enjoy those benefits of of even even him and my grandfather going to war and fighting in war and then the next generation just just you know we didn't they didn't have to do that and and I didn't have to do that but they went and fought for freedom and for liberty and they paved the way so to speak for the generations to come and and for the rest of the family even even you know like like you know sister Ununice and and uh different ones from Africa today, you know, you you come here, you you get established, you know, you do everything you can and then, you know, Lord willing, hopefully they start bringing family members over and and so that's what my family did um from Italy, slowly bringing bringing people over. But so it's just that that's that first generation and how they had to strive and and toil. Then I remember something brother Homer Loria said and now that that's a very natural thing that I'm talking about is just the Italian language, the Italian culture and you know my grandfather was a was a great cook and uh passed away and some of that went with him. Um, you know, we still got good cooks in the family, but some of the very specific things he'd make, my dad still, you know, would tear up talking about and could still smell it and everything. And it's it's kind of gone with him, but kind of kind of something Brother Homer said and and we were talking and I said, you know, I remember you said this and can you tell me where it was? Well, he sent it to me and it's a statement from a book and it says it only takes about two generations for everything to be forgotten, especially if it's not told over and over again. And so I just got to begin to start looking at this a little bit deeper and and started wondering about it and started kind of seeing patterns in different things, different places until, you know, tonight you get to hopefully be a beneficiary of it. and and uh but so I begin to see this three generation principle in a lot of places but what I begin to see even more was that three generation principle in in our message that we enjoy today and you start watching the the generations that my generation the the the generation above me and you just you just start watching and and picking out these different things and so I'm going to share that with you this evening and so just kind of naturally speaking on this third generation rule if a woman smokes, her ch her children are more likely to have asthma, but her grandchildren are more likely to have asthma with nasal allergies. Very natural, very practical. What's that got to do with anything? The third generation is actually worse off than even the second generation. And she might not have had asthma being in the smoker firsthand. She might not have had anything. But what she's passing down to generation is it's progressively getting worse. So there's even more lost in the health in the third generation. And there's there's a saying of wealthy families from shirt sleeves to shirt sleeves. Wealthy families are in danger of losing their wealth by the third generation. There's actually a 90% uh now they say research shows and then they say no that research is wrong and then they turn around and they give all the things that the wealthy family needs to do so that the research is wrong. So I'm going to go with it's right. But research shows 90% of families would fall to the three generational curse they call it. They say now the research was wrong. But then they give the details. So by the third generation, the second generation is kind of enjoying the wealth. They're they're, you know, not not doing as much with it, but they're enjoying it. And by the third generation, they're full-blown enjoying it to to the extent that they actually start losing it. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, um, I I just I got to thinking about our country and the state that we're in now and, uh, you know, after after everything that happened with Charlie Kirk and listening to some of his debates and things and just just the history that he would talk about and and I just thought, my look at look at how our history has has gone by the wayside. Our country is in the state it's in because the thoughts, ideas, and beliefs of the founding fathers have been lost through the years. They might have sat down and they might have said, you know, this is what we did. We fought we fought hard for this. We we we terried all night and we we wrote the the Constitution. We wrote the the Declaration of Independence. We decided 13 colonies and we toiled all night writing a constitution for each individual colony. And so this is what I was thinking when we wrote this. This was the thoughts behind it. This is this is what our intent was behind writing it this way. and and and so the second generation would have heard that and by the third generation they might have got some of it but maybe by then there's other political views coming into play in the country and in in in just the general politics and so by then the third generation starts getting maybe a little bit of what the first generation shared but then they start it starts getting I don't want to say tainted but if I can just put it that way it starts getting tainted from the second generation now The third generation is looking at writings and and and historical events that have have a twist on them that that it's it's it's truth but not quite the whole truth. Not quite what the founding father what that first generation intended it for to be. Something got lost. So history starts being rewritten and and the opinions and politics get interjection in the truth. &gt;&gt; In truth. And I want you to catch that. In truth. And then the truth starts to become a little bit fuzzy. &gt;&gt; So the so the second generation's uh uh let me just skip some of this cuz we're we're moving along. Um elements of the truth get lost and misrepresented to where the third generation the true history is unrecognizable. Then you come to today and we have a generation today that's enslaved by lies. They have we have gender confusion. We have sexual orientation confusion because the original thoughts of God stopped being taught and spoken. So the original thoughts of God got lost. And that's just in a natural sense behind when they said, you know, the when just everything they wrote in the constitution when they wrote that that's that's getting lost. That's just a natural sense of speaking. &gt;&gt; But you can start seeing where I'm going with this. So the natural types, the spiritual, and if you could pull up that first slide for me. So these are the different generations, the years of birth and things. And so um you know, we can see the the boomers uh born all the way up to 64. So uh generation X there after 65. So that would be the the end of the life of the prophet. So if you stick the prophet in there between boomers and generation X then you have three generations you you come to the way I was thinking of it is you have let's just use brother John La Fontaine for example brother John Laf Fontaine would be first generation from the prophet he he he was in some of the meetings maybe he heard the prophet he he he had the tapes fresh from recording and then you have brother Paul second generation then You have my generation, Solomon, Gideon, third third generation. So, where are we at in time? What my my concern tonight is what are we in danger of? And and I might not get to everything I want to. So, I I'm I'm not wanting to leave you anything like a hanging over hell or anything like that, but it might just be a come to Jesus night. It might be just a night where you realize, God, we we're in need of something. &gt;&gt; I'll bandage you up later sometime, but 1963. So, you you can take that down for now. So, this this is my mind. This is where my mind's going. This is what I'm what I'm seeing. What's what's the generation, you know, the uh sitting and listening to to second generation speak about, you know, my generation and the generation under? Well, well, are are they in the word? Are they in the message? And when I look at my own life, I have to say, um, I try, but yeah, no, not like they were. And so, you see, you start you start losing something as you go through from generation to generation. There was there was an original revival. There was original fire there. And as you get generation to generation, if each generation doesn't take up the mantle and get into it for themselves, then something's lost. You actually you truth starts becoming skewed because they're not in it for themselves. We're we're not we're not in it for ourselves. We have so many distractions. I won't won't get into it as much tonight, but there's actually things called information overload. We live in the information uh what how do they say the um digital information age and and and we're in such an age that's so full of of digital of of of screens of of of constant noise and and and of constant bombardment of information that you actually can get information overload which we probably suffer more than what we realize to where you actually cannot take in any more information. So by the time you get to Wednesday night and the preacher's up preaching, you actually your mind has taken in so much through the day that you know we we're we're talking we're we're preaching to a more tired people than we've ever preached to. Brother Brandham said that how much more today when we have so much information, so much bombardment constantly all throughout the day to where we get to Wednesday, we get to Sunday morning and we're just oh my my my mind just oh it's just so tired. My mind is so tired. I don't know if I can consume anymore. But we come we try and then you know minister brother Paul's up here laboring and preaching and and you know is it is it reaching the people? Well, that's why you have to take that and go home with it. &gt;&gt; You can't just get it here. You have to go home. You have to be throughout the week. So, &gt;&gt; most Americans believe in God and claim to be Christian. But the rest of the story, I don't know why they wrote that. Maybe who was it? Paul Harvey. The rest of the story is is many define God differently. And millennials numbers are lower than that of any other generation. The number of Protestants have declined as the society becomes more modern and secular. &gt;&gt; Revelations, that made me think of Revelations and and talking about Leadyia. They're they're they're neither hot nor cold. &gt;&gt; They're they're they're rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing, so they think. And yet they know not that they're wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. the unchurched are are are more open, they say, to um to to hearing about Christ than than what what was thought. And yet the rest of the story is they're less open than they were previously. So there's an openness, but they're less open. And then you have this this whole thing. There's a growing frustration that evangelicals are rigid, rule oriented, and unloving to people who think differently than they do. They aren't positive about churches. So, they are more likely to come to Christ through relationship rather than come through the front doors. And so, I, you know, I wonder, well, why why don't we see so so many more new souls? I mean, we're we're here, we're striving, we're struggling, we're we're doing all we can, and yet there's just this whole uh the culture we live in, the Leadyian age that we live in. They they they they don't know that they're naked and blind. And then you have you have first generation Christians if I can say and I'm talking about Christians as a whole Christianity religion. You have first generation and then second generation and here we are third and fourth generation. And it's and it's waned because of how if I could say it this way without any disrespect. It's because of how first and second generation have handled it. And so if we don't handle the word correctly, we affect the next generation under us. Let's not put it on first and second generation. Let's put it on my generation. How I handle the word today, how I, you know, brother Paul's always saying that you should, if you show a passion to your children, then they'll they'll catch a passion for Christ. But if you're walking around, you know, oh, here we go to church again. It's wonder who's preaching tonight. Maybe I won't go, you know. And if you're walking around like like a Christian Eeyore, then your children are going to catch on to that and they're well Do we do we got to go to church? You know what? You're right. We don't really need to go to church tonight. Brother Brandon's preaching. We really don't need to go to church tonight. Come on. I was just joking. Decisions we make today will affect our children's children. &gt;&gt; You know, we got to have a multi-generational vision. But but but even looking back to forward, so I'm I'm just going to quickly read you some statistics. When when dads are involved, a 17-year-old is 1.27 times less likely to leave church. When the dad is engaged when he's involved, when parents are unhappy with the their congregation and they don't like church, kids are one and a half times more likely to leave church. 18-year-olds who do not spend time reading their Bibles regularly. I I heard that there's a challenge out to the youth to to read your Bibles, read a message. &gt;&gt; 18-year-olds who do not spend time reading their Bibles regularly are 1.23 times more likely to leave church without an environment where teenagers feel they can trust the elders for guidance. 18-year-olds are 1.23 two three times more likely to leave. Having a youth group with caring leaders makes it 1.17 times less likely that a teenager will leave. 15 to 18 year olds are 1.35 times less likely to leave. If three or more adults show they care and invest in their lives. If no adults show they care and invest in their lives, they are 2.65 times more likely to leave. So you start expounding on these numbers and it and it what's it have to do with it has to do with the generations before and how they're handling things. Now we're not going to put everything off on them. Okay, we'll get to that. But we can conclude and studies have also that the experience children have with their family and church affects how they view their faith in adulthood. Naturally and spiritually speaking now, each generation usually tries to protect the next from the things that they had to endure, wanting to make life better for the next. So, we're very blessed today. I'm just thinking about this. We're very blessed today. We have the message. We have We have free access to our Bibles. You can have it in paper form, digital form. You can pull it up anytime, anywhere. You same thing with this message we've been blessed with. And yet we're in it less. &gt;&gt; And and and it's yet we have more access to it, easier access, freer access than we ever had. And so generation one is looking at it and they're saying, "We got to get this thing out." And so they do it. And we we we have so many different translations of the Bible. We have we have, you know, we went from from I don't even know the names of them. realtore and and uh cassette tape to CD to MP3 to flash drive to now it's on your phone. And that was the that was the drive. That was the hunger, the passion for that first generation. Get it out there. Get it to the people. And the second generation, we catch that vision and and and and get it out there. And yet and yet there's there's also this preservation of what the first generation did. And so we preserve it. We rally behind it. We we we get it and we we collect it. But when you look at what the first generation did and then the second generation, if I could say it this way, without not belittling anyone and just trying to catch the thought, then then it's it's less than what the first generation did. &gt;&gt; And then you get to the third generation and the the first and second generation are looking down and saying, "What are you doing? We did all of this and you're not even picking it up. You just picked up your phone to look at a message and you get went to the the the news instead. &gt;&gt; You totally got sidetracked. Come back. &gt;&gt; All those efforts of the first and second. So the first generation's harder plowing to pave the way. But as a result of that, the second generation softens a little bit. Usually the second generation is trying to protect the third from any imbalances of the first. &gt;&gt; So they pass along precautionary tales &gt;&gt; and fear being fanatical. So they they swing way the other way. &gt;&gt; I think it was was brother Paul said recently when you're under legalism they'll try to protect the kids from legalism. But in that they start actually belittling the real thing. &gt;&gt; And so the kids say, "Well, I'm afraid. I don't want to go to legalism. That that that damaged you that way." And it's not belittling you who've been damaged by it. But but you know, you you pass that fear. You pass those hurts and those pains onto the next generation. And by the third generation, they're getting that skewed truth. I don't know that I want. Well, why why are they leaving? Why is it a harder time serving the Lord? Well, I don't know that I want what you had if that's what it produced. You see, we got to be careful how we're talking about this thing. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Are you with me tonight? &gt;&gt; So, since Pentecost, there's been different movements swinging back and forth trying to balance. We know grandfather clock, you know, it'll the pendulum swings one way, then the other, usually hard the other way, then back. We want to find the resting place, the the the balance. Amen. But but what we can do in that swinging back and forth is actually create a weaker next generation. But this also gives us just as a positive note here. It also gives us an opportunity to affect the next generation for the good in their formidable years when they're least connected to the organization of religion. When they're when they're least connected to the can I say the the organization of the message &gt;&gt; we know brother Brandham said this will never be organized. The truth of it won't be. But yet we've seen it over time how how the ranks have have really created an organization out of it and that was never meant to be and and the truth cannot be organized. The truth is the truth and it will go on the truth and the next generation can have the truth and the next generation after that can have the truth. &gt;&gt; You don't have to be bound by the generation before you. You you ha you can't be bound. You have to get it for yourself. Historians and sociologists have observed an interesting trend that occurs with groups of people or in communities or even in families. It's called the phenomenon of the third generation. Simply put, they have observed that there commonly occurs deterioration within a community that tends to climax with the third generation. The process begins with a period of dynamic activity. Just going to read you a couple things here. I'm driving in my point. usually stimulated by a strong leader or by some significant event in the community. You think of what we've had in this generation, a prophet of God, a strong leader, the the the significance of what that event is, the significance of the message that we've had, and it spearheads this, the first generation, there's a dynamic to living, an excitement because new things are happening. There's an expansion, a growth on all levels of human endeavor. The first generation gets marked by growth. The second generation, they have not directly experienced the dynamic events of the first. They have inherited the good times and the prosperity. Though they're content to preserve and consolidate there's a little motivation to put forth the genuine effort to sustain the dynamic of the past. The second generation is content with listening to the stories of old. Now, this is a this is a writing not familiar with the message. Now, second generation is content with listening to the stories of the old days, wishing for them, but is too involved with the preservation of the success of the present to continue the growth of the first. They work hard to preserve the status quo, fearing that any movement will risk losing what they have received. The second generation is marked by entrenchment. The third generation, they have not seen that kind of v vitality. They have only seen the process of preservation and entrenchment. They have heard the stories of the past, but they are far away now and unreal. They find no compelling reason to be driven by the vision that drove the grandparents. They are freed from the need to fight for recognition and security and are ever uh even freed from the worries of preserving what was originally hard one. They are idle with no vision that drives them, no passion that inflames them and no purpose that gives them meaning. The third generation is often a people lacking a strong sense of identity and belonging and so are uncommitted to the group. A people without a driving passion because they are fired by no vision. A people not sure of who they are, what they believe or what they should do. The third generation is marked by decline. Now this this this just seems to apply both naturally and spiritually. Let me give you some scriptural examples. three generations from Joshua turned to false gods. Moses was a first generational leader. I'd venture to say Joshua would be a second generation. Even though he was there with Moses, I'd call him a second generation. He was a young man in Moses's meetings and became Moses's ministers mean he he served Moses. He walked across the open Red Sea, went through the wilderness. He saw the miracles, the signs, and the wonders God did through Moses. He had direct conversation with Moses. When Moses died, the mantle was passed to him. The next generation under Joshua would have gone into the land and taken much of it. They would be focused on preserving what was gained, but their worship started to become half-hearted. And the third generation from Joshua would have had to fight much fewer battles. Their reliance on God as a mighty warrior would have weaned. They had good times and would have done exactly what God told them not to do. In the scripture we'll read here shortly. They forgot what God had done for them until the end of the book of Judges &gt;&gt; says every man did what was right in his own eyes. &gt;&gt; You think of what Moses what God did through Moses. the miracles, the it's written in this book. It's told about, it's spoken about in Israel today. And yet, just in three generations, they every man was doing what was right in his own eyes. David was a first generational leader. We know the story well. He fought and created an empire. God would even take a title from the son of David. &gt;&gt; Solomon, the second generation, lived in the glory of what his father established. He was focused on preserving and consolidating but making compromises to do so. These compromises brought back in the influence of Baal worship. Two generations, three generations from David, his grandson Rahaboam split the kingdom in two, he brought back all the abominations the Lord drove out of the land before. I don't mean to sound bleak, but I I guess from the inside is is is a warning to all of us, but especially to my to my generation, to my children's generation. &gt;&gt; We're we're we're in danger of losing something. &gt;&gt; We we have to we have to not not hold on to the past, but we've got to hold on to the word that we've been given. That's the only thing that's going to make it. That's the only thing that's going to that's going to shake us, that's going to bring us out of this this this gen three generational curse is to to take the mantle that's been given to us. To take it and to run with it and and to and to do with it and to to to preach it just just as truth and as balanced as it's ever been preached. That's what's falling upon our generation today. That's what we're facing up against in the middle of Leodysia, in the middle of Sodom and Gomorrah. We have to hold this thing up. We have to carry this thing. &gt;&gt; Not grow weary and welloing. &gt;&gt; I I know I'm reading a lot. Do Can you pull up those quotes? I know I've been reading reading some lengthy quotes, but listen, this is this is this is when I when I find exactly what has been said so far by other writers, find it in the message, it it's just it's it's I want to lift this up. I want to give it value. So watch this. A little bit lengthy, but bear with me. Revelations 2:4. Nevertheless, I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left thy first love. That's really what it comes down to. In each generation, if you leave your first love, something gets lost. &gt;&gt; To understand this, you must realize that the spirit is not speaking to the original saints at Ephesus alone. This message is to the entire age, which lasted about 120 years. Its message then is to all the generations in that span. Now history repeats itself. In the generation of Israel, we see revival in one generation only to see the fires fading in the next. In the third generation, embers may be glowing slightly, but in the fourth, there may be no vestige whatsoever of that original flame. Then God lights the fire again. That's the part I might not get to tonight, but I'm excited about it because God lights the fire again. &gt;&gt; God lights the fire again and the and the same process is repeated. Listen, this is this is what got me excited just before coming out. I just realized this reading it again. If God lights the fire again and we're three generations from the prophet, we're about to be lit on fire. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's what you have access to tonight is the fire of God. It is simply the manifestation of the truth that God has no grandchildren. You've heard it over and over and over again. The young people, you've heard it. Now I'm telling you what that means. God has zero grandchildren. Salvation is not passed on by natural birth. Listen, just because brother Paul is preaching the word like a first generation, might I add. Just because he's doing that, that doesn't mean you're getting in. You're not going to go in off of brother Paul. You have to get it for yourself. Just because your parents have the original thing doesn't mean you're going in. My young person, if you have not repented and be baptized and and and in in the name of Jesus Christ and sought the Holy Ghost, then you're missing the original fire. You're not going in on your parents. I don't mean to do a fear thing. I'm not into that. I've been very against in trying to get my children to come to the Lord by fear. I'm not into that. But what I'm saying is the truth. That's just the truth of it. You're not getting in because your parents are good Christians. It's not passed down by natural birth anymore than is there uh truth to apostolic succession. It isn't in the word. You start out with truly born again believers. And when the next generation comes along, they are no longer just plain Christians, but they they have to take a uh but they have to take a denominational name. Now he's saying what they do instead of getting the real thing. Take a denominational name and are now Baptist, Methodists, can I say message believers, &gt;&gt; etc., etc. &gt;&gt; That is exactly what they are too. They are not Christians. You have to be born of the will of God, not the will of man to be saved. But these folks are all coming together now by the will of man. I don't say that some aren't uh some of them aren't right with God. Not for a minute do I say that. But the original fire has died down. They are not the same anymore. The fervent desire to please God. The passion to know his word. Listen, this is what I'm trying to get to you. The fervent desire to please God. the the the the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching out in the spirit. That's what I want to see tonight in this service is a cry reaching out for the spirit. All begins to fade and instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it has cooled off and become a bit formal. That is what was happening back there to the Ephesians. They were getting a bit formal. the abom uh uh abandonment to God was dying out and the people weren't too careful about what God thought of them as they began to be careful about what the world thought of them. This is why a lot of the second generation immigrants were losing their original culture and language is because they were afraid. They were anxious. They worried too much about what other people around them were thinking about them than than carrying it on. That second generation coming on was just like Israel. They demanded a king to be like the other nations. When they did that, they rejected God. But they did it anyway. That is the history of the church. When it thinks more of conforming to the world instead of conforming to God. It isn't long until you see them stop doing things they used to do and start doing things they wouldn't do initially. Well, I got to fit in. Mom, dad, I don't do I have to wear a skirt. &gt;&gt; I I don't fit in. I'm the only one in school. &gt;&gt; That listen, this is this is where it goes. They change their manner of dress, their attitudes, and their behavior. They get lax. &gt;&gt; That is what Ephesus means. Relax, drifting. The cycle of revival and death has never failed. All you have to do is recall the last move of God in the spirit when men and women dressed like Christians. went to church, prayed all night, took to the street corners, and weren't ashamed of the manifestation of the spirit. They left their old dead churches and worshiped in homes and old store buildings. They had reality. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But it wasn't too long a time until they began to get enough money to build fine new churches to put in a choir instead of singing unto God for themselves. Boy, that ought to that ought to give you a little bit of a spanking for some of you come in song service and sit on Gideon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gideon ain't here to sing for you. You need to sing for yourself. &gt;&gt; They put in a choir instead of singing. They put gowns on the choir. They organized a movement and ran it by man. They soon began to read uh books they weren't fit to read. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; They let down the bars and the goats came in and took over. The cry for joy was gone. &gt;&gt; The freedom of the spirit was gone. Oh, they kept on with a form, but the fire had died down. And the blackness of ashes is about all that's left. Probably one of the worst things is to keep coming to church and the fire be gone in your spirit. &gt;&gt; A few moments ago, I mentioned that John understood what it was to love God. That great apostle of love would certainly see it when the church began to lose that first love of God. In 1 John 5:3 he says, "For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments, his word." &gt;&gt; How do you know you love God? By keeping his commandments. One little deviation from that word. Listen, one little deviation from that word was a step away from Christ. &gt;&gt; Listen, I I want the young people to realize when we're talking about the word, we're not talking anything different than Jesus Christ himself. And so when you say, "I don't know about that. I'm going to step this way." When you step away from the word even a little bit, you're stepping away from Christ. &gt;&gt; One little deviation. People say they love God. They go to church. They even shout and rejoice and sing and have a great emotional time. But when it's all over, watch and see if they are in that word, walking in it, living in it. If they go through all the other, all the jumping, all the shouting, all the emotion and and and and uh all the other and then don't walk in that word, they can say they love God, but their life tells a different story. I wonder if John didn't see a lot of that before he died. People saying they love God, but not obeying his word. Oh, Ephesian church, something is happening to you. Someone is trying to either add to that word or take from it, but they are doing it so subtly that you can't see it. They haven't made a move so big you can see it. It it it is undercover. And they're bringing it by the way of reason and human understanding. I'm I'm almost done. Uh uh uh let's see. Go back to Pentecost before it's too late. But as usual, people don't heed God's warning. That revival fire, how do you get revival fire? What's it built on? That revival fire built upon the sacred word is so wonderful and the manifestation of the spirit so blessed. Listen now, this is what we just read a few minutes ago in another writing that a little fear creeps in in that second generation. A whisper in the heart that says, "How can we protect this truth? What can we do to see this revival goes on?" That is when the antichrist spirit comes in and whispers, "Look, you have the truth. Now, see that it doesn't get lost. &gt;&gt; Organize and set up a creed of of what you believe. Put it all in in the church manual. And listen, we know these things in the message, so we wouldn't call it a creed. We wouldn't we wouldn't get a church manual, but I got to say, we've done some of this. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And they do it. They organize. They add to the word and they die just like Eve did for taking one wrong word. It's God's word that brings life. God's word. And it's not what we say about the word that counts, but it's what God says. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's let's go to Deuteronomy. Oh my. Are you okay? &gt;&gt; Okay. Deuteronomy 6. Let me get there. You sound like you're already there. Deuteronomy 6. Now, I just just want to go through this a little bit. Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the Lord your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whether you go to possess it, that thou mightest fear the Lord thy God, to keep all his statutes and his commandments, which I command thee, thou and thy son, and thy son's son all the days of thy life, and that they and that thy days may be prolonged. He just said, I'm going to I'm going to give you this to you. This is for you, but it's also for your son. It's also for your son's son, even as many as our Lord our God shall call. So, this is a multi-generational thing. Uh, hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it, that it might be well with thee, and that ye might be increase uh mightily in the Lord. Let me just skip a little bit here. Thou shalt love the Lord God. Verse 5, with all thine heart, with all thy soul, with all thy might. And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine heart. Where does it need to be? It needs to be in your heart. &gt;&gt; It can't be in your parents' heart. Can't be in your grandparents' heart. Can't be in the prophet's heart. It's got to be in your heart. &gt;&gt; And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children. Listen, we've been through this in the family days. You got to keep this word before your children. and shalt talk of them when thou sitest in thine house. Listen, you you know these scriptures. Let me just skip down. Thou will write them, and it shall be verse 10. when when the Lord thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he swear uh uh um verse 11 no listen to give thee great and goodly cities which thou buildest not and houses full of all good things which thou flest not and wells digged which thou digest not vineyards and olive trees which thou plantest not when thou shalt have eaten and be full listen they're going into a land he's talking about a land somebody else prepared for them. Now, I know that was talking about an enemy that was driven out, but what about what about the first generation that's put up for us? And we're in we're in houses today that we we didn't build ourselves. We're in fields that we didn't we didn't plant ourselves. Beware, lest thou forget the Lord, which brought thee from out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage. What did What did God bring you out of? Bondage. &gt;&gt; You were in bondage. We're in bondage without the Lord. &gt;&gt; Um, thou shalt fear the Lord thy God and serve him, and shall swear by his name. Ye shall not go after other gods of the gods of the people which are round about you. For the Lord thy God is a jealous God among you. Lest the anger of the Lord thy God be kindled against thee, and destroy thee from the face of the earth. Ye shall not tempt the Lord. Ye shall diligently keep the commandment of the Lord your God and his statutes, testimonies. I want to find there was a scripture I wanted to read. Thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the Lord and it uh might be well with thee that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the Lord swear unto thy fathers to cast out all thine enemies from before thee as the Lord hath spoken. And when thy son askketh thee in time to come, saying, What mean the statutes, the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments which the Lord thy God hath commanded to you? Then shalt thou say unto unto thy son, We were Pharaoh's bondman in Egypt, and the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand. And the Lord showed signs and wonders, great and sore upon Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his house before our eyes. And he brought us out from fence. What's what's he saying? They'll overcome by the by the the power of the blood and by the word of the testimony. &gt;&gt; That's why it's important to to testify, especially to your kids, of the goodness of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Lord commanded us do all his statutes. My &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can Can I just go a little bit further? Chapter 7. When the Lord thy God shall bring thee into the land, whether thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, and the and the Geresites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, the Jebusites, seven nations greater and mightier than thou. There's nothing in your life that's too big for God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God will drive it all out. Verse two. And when the Lord thy God shall deliver them before thee, thou shalt smite them and utterly destroy them. Thou shalt not make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them. Neither shalt thou make marriages. Now, this is I wanted to just get this. I just felt to touch this. Neither shalt thou make marriages with them. Thy daughters thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughters shalt thou take unto thy son. Why do we preach? Why do we say young person, it's important not to be unequally yolked? For they will turn away thy son from following me that they may serve other gods. So will the anger of the Lord be kindled against you and destroy thee suddenly. Why don't why do we say young person, find somebody believes the way you know what you believe first. Get the Holy Ghost first and then find a mate that's got the Holy Ghost because of this right here. Well, we'll flirt to convert. No, you won't. the Listen, you're flirting with them. They're flirting with you. Somebody's going to get converted. And according to this, it's not going to be you. &gt;&gt; So, I'm just throwing I just felt to throw out that warning to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. We'll we'll read more of Deuteronomy some other time. Can I Can I do 10 more minutes? &gt;&gt; Okay. Nehemiah. Nehemiah was dealing with a third generation. To counter the decline, Nehemiah reminded the people of who they are. They're God's people. &gt;&gt; He told their history. He told their testimony. Then then he had the people recommmit their lives to God. &gt;&gt; Not the God of yesterday, but the God of today. Yes. &gt;&gt; The stories of the past act of God uh acts of God were were not just stories of old but was how they got to where they were today. It was ingrained in who they are, how their parents raised them and how their grandparents raised their parents formed who they are and what they were enjoying today. You you don't realize this but be you're enjoying life today because of some of the protections your parents have put in place. And those protections come from the word of God, not just making up things to make your life miserable. &gt;&gt; I just thought, amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Nehemiah established what it what is believing among the people of God. What what's that mean? They had church. Nehemiah made sure they knew what they believed and why they believed it. He read the law and made sure to break it down in understandable and relatable words. It wasn't enough to read the law and just leave it way up here where the young people couldn't understand it. Nehemiah said, "No, no, we're going to we're going to take this down." Now, I I didn't refresh my mind on Nehemiah, but but you know, he had people in in the congregation that if somebody didn't understand it, let me explain that to you here. Let let's let's do let's let's sit down with brother Steven and do a quick Bible study. &gt;&gt; Quick Bible study. Just kidding. Number three, Nehemiah showed the people uh what burning passion looked like. Remember what we said? But brother Paul says you got to show them a burning passion and that spread like fire. Now listen, this is just so good that was written by somebody here. Let us be careful at this point not to confuse passion with emotion. There is far too much superficial emotion today that would pass itself off as passion. Emotion is is temporary and volatile is basically self-centered and is tied to feeling. Passion is a permanent attitude that drives the soul from within and is always directing outward and concern for others. &gt;&gt; In other words, God gave them revival. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He gave him a time of refreshing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This message isn't a message of yesterday. It's a message of today. You can stand to your feet. &gt;&gt; You have to have the revelation for yourself. It's not good enough to know someone who has it. You can only borrow someone's faith for so long and then you have to get it for yourself. &gt;&gt; True. I I read something and I just don't remember even what it was in reference to or where it was, but it was saying, you know, you can't treat this, you can't treat the message, you can't treat you can't treat this word, you can't treat Christ like like a life preserver, brother Tom, where you go in the water, you go on the boat, you put on your life preserver, when you get out of the water, you take it off. You've got to treat this thing like life support that you can't leave this thing. Your very existence is is it requires you to stay connected with it. &gt;&gt; So let us put on the life the the the the life support of the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Get it for yourself. If you would bow bow your heads with me. My my earnest prayer this evening is for revival. &gt;&gt; My heart is just just burning. God, give us, send a Holy Ghost revival. There's a song that says, "Send us a Holy Ghost revival. Revive us, Lord. Send the rain from heaven. Flood our thirsty souls." We need a Holy Ghost revival. Revive us, Lord. Let's If you just If you just desire revival in your heart, if you desire not to be under the third generation curse, just lift your hands to the Lord and let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, I I I'm I don't want to try to work something up myself, Lord. I I want you to do it. We need revival, Lord. We pray for revival. All of our efforts, Lord, like that song says, we need a Holy Ghost revival. We can we can plant the seeds of precious truth to reap the golden grain, but what we need is is your spirit to come. glorify yourself again Lord in this third generation in the closing of time Lord three and four generations from the prophet I ask you Lord revive us again revive our hearts rekindle the fires the prophet said Lord that that you come and you rekindle the fire you relight it Lord and we're asking that you'd start it now Lord light our lamps father trim us Lord Lord we can't go get the Holy Ghost post on our own. It's a gift, Father, that you want to give us even greater. So, so lead us, Lord, if we don't have it. If we don't have what we thought we had, Lord, it's no shame in it. But lead us, Lord. We're asking you to lead us to the to that precious fountain filled with blood drawn from your veins, the lifegiving resource. Lord, we ask you to send it to us now. God, we're we're doing all we can. We've toiled long. Lord, I I was thinking of of our pastor, Brother Paul, giving it his very best, Lord. 35 longer than 35 years now. Lord, let let him see the fruits of his labor. And that's not pointing to a man, Lord, but that's somebody who a generation that caught it and he's trying to get it to the generations following. Lord, we pray, light our fires. I don't know how else to ask it, Lord, but that's my heart tonight. Lord, light my fire again. &gt;&gt; Relight it. Lord, I've I've I've remembered times in past, Lord, when when it just seemed like I I could be in the word and not get tired and and you play it in the background and yet you were still catching things and it just seems harder to do. And I know a lot of that I believe has to do with the age. But Lord, I'm asking, light my fire again. Light my fire again. Light the fire. Lord, there's there's young people there. There might be some old ones who haven't been baptized. Draw them into yourself. Lord, we're we're trying to lift you up tonight. Lord, I I I don't want to be seen. I want you to be lifted up so you draw all men unto you that they repent and be baptized and be filled with your spirit, Lord. Lord, there's children that need to be filled with your spirit. They need to take the next step, Lord. We We all need to take the next step. Give us Lord, give us today our daily bread. Lord, give us revival. I pray we pray it in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I know it's a Wednesday night, friend, but the altar's open, if if something pricks your heart, young or old, and you want to be baptized, contact me or Brother Paul. We'll we'll have the water ready this Sunday for you. Make the next move. Amen. Seek revival. Seek God with your heart. You say, "Well, I don't really feel that burning desire to even pray." Just pray for it. Just start by praying for it. God will answer. This isn't this isn't a God of old. This is a God of today. &gt;&gt; I pray you you you just catch the heart of God tonight. God bless you as they play something. Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burn bright and clear. Restore the lamb of my first love that burn with holy fear. Oh Lord, please light. Oh Lord, please light the fire [Music] that once burn bright and clear. Restore the lamp of my first love that burns with holy fear. Oh Lord, please light. Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burn bright and clear. [Music] Restore the lamp of my first love that burns with holy fear. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Oh, your face is all I see. [Music] For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, please light. Oh Lord, please light my fire that was burn bright and clear. Restore the lamp of my first love that burns with all. Sing is beautiful again. Sing it now. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Lord, you're beautiful. Yes, your face is all I seek. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Like that Wesley song. Hallelujah. Thine the glory. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Oh hallelu. Thine the glory. Yes. Revive us. Is that your desire? Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Oh yes. Oh hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Thine the poor. Oh yes. Lord revive us. We take it up a few more. Why are we here? If not to give thanks. Oh yes. Why are we here? If not to give praise, why are we here? Oh, if not to praise. Oh, why are we here? Thank you, Lord. If not by his grace. Oh, why are we here if not to be blessed? Oh, why are we here if not to find rest? Oh, why are we here? Oh, if not by choice. Yes, why are we here to rejoice? Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Glory us. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. Glory. us again. Lord, here we are for Lord. Here we are [Music] standing on holy ground. Oh Lord, we are here. Glory surrender now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. God the glory. Oh, revive us again. Why? Why are we here if not to give thanks? Why are we here if not to be praised? Oh, why are we here if not to pray? Oh, why are we here if not by his grace? Why are Oh, why are we here if not to give thanks? Oh, why are we here? If not to give praise. Oh, why are we here? If not to praise. Oh, are we here if not by the last time? Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Find the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Revive the glory. Revive us again. Revive us. Lord, revive us again. Oh, revive us again. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. We'll sing that song. Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. We'll sing that one as we go. I was just thinking of uh it was a quote what I read away uh long long ago long ago. I don't know how long it was, but it was brother Brandham talking about revival. But um you can just see the leaves changing and how death has to come. But what happens is that you know when that uh the ground gets hard and cold during the winter time just those roots get that's the that's actually when revival happens when those roots even go deeper. It might seem like from the outside nothing's happening. Might seem like it's a death there, but they're going just as deep as it can go. And what happens is those those leaves in the wind, they just start they just start waving their hands and they just start praising the Lord in that in that cold season. Amen. They start praising him and then those re those roots go go even deeper. That's the I forget what he said, but he talked about revival there. I'll if you guys come up to me, I'll get on and I'll I'll look it up. I'll find it. I'll find that uh quote for you. But it's that that revival. So Lord, let it be in this season. Amen. Lord, let it be. We want that. We'll sing this tonight as we go. Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. But if you give me Lord another touch, oh, I'll have the strength to carry on. Lord, you know, Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. But if you'll give me another touch, oh, I'll have the strength to carry on. Lord, you know. Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. But if you'll give me, Lord, another touch, oh, I'll have the strength to carry on. I thought the sun had come to stay, but all too soon it went away. And in its place the storm clouds came. And with the clouds there came the rain. [Music] It rained so hard and all so long. But missed the storm, I felt a calm. It was your touch that brought me through it all. Without your help, I'd surely fall. Oh Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. But if you give me Lord another touch, I'll have the strength to carry on. And yesterday has come and gone and now a new day's coming on. I do not know what it may bring. My heart may cry instead of sing. It matters not what comes my way. Oh Lord, if you'll just touch me each day. [Music] Your loving touch drives all my fears away close by your side. I want to stay. Oh Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. [Music] But if you give me Lord another touch, I'll have the strength to carry on. Lord, you know. Lord, you know, [Music] Golden. [Music]
