################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 2025.06.01 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - He Shall Hide Me (Part 1) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   2025.06.01 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - He Shall Hide Me (Part 1)
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ktnLlyFmt8
========================================

[Music] Okay. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Come on. Come on. [Music] Oh, I am the God. Let's all stand and sing it. That health. I am the Lord, your healer. I sent my word and I healed your disease. [Music] I am the Lord, your healer. That's who is to us. I am the God. I am the God that heal me. I am the Lord, your healer. [Music] I sent your word and I healed your disease. [Music] I am the Lord. Let's recognize him as our healer. You are the God. You are the God that health me. You are the Lord, my healer. [Music] You sent your word and you healed my disease. [Music] You are the Lord. I last time before we pray. You are the God. You are the God that he me. You are the Lord, [Music] my healer. Lord, you sent your word and you healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Amen. Brother, Paul Bower, would you come and lead us in a word of prayer this morning? Praise the Lord. I just want to make a quick testimony. Um just singing that song. Um he is my healer this morning. Amen. Um last year sometime I got some blood work and thyroid levels were a little bit up. and uh was uh kind of put it off for a whole year. Got married, you know, we're having a baby, so I was just kind of putting it off and um Wednesday night here um I kept putting it off. She my doctor opened up for a full year where I could get it at some point in that year. So, I was right at the line. I was right close to when I needed to get it. So, um, Wednesday night, um, when, uh, our pastor was talking about, you know, he is the Lord that's here. He's here, right? And recognizing that is here and that we have all the benefits of him being here right now. Amen. He's our He's our healer. He's our provider. Amen. He's our right now. Amen. He's our present help in our time of need. Amen. So, uh, just, uh, kind of worked out where there was a little prayer line or I got prayed for on Wednesday night, had our pastor pray for us, and we know that, um, they lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover. So, I just went up believing, and I can testify that those, uh, I got my labs drawn on Friday and those labs are all trending down. So, they're right where they need to be. Amen. So even my vitamin D level came up and usually I'm deficient so it came up a little bit. I think my my wife brought a little bit of sunshine in my life that's why it came up a little bit but but God is good. Amen. I'd like to testify he's my healer this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's just uh have brother Paul come up. Amen. Praise the Lord. God is so good to us, isn't he? He is everything we need, right? Amen. Lord Jesus, we just come to you today. Want to dedicate ourselves and dedicate our minds to the service in front of us. Lord, we we thank you, Lord, for the testimony brother Gideon had. Lord, there's many in our assembly right now that are facing hard things. And Lord, we know that you're all sufficient for those. Pray, Lord, as we just lift up your name and we worship you, that Lord, you'd feel welcome, Lord. Pray Lord you'd be with brother Gideon and whoever is speaking today and I we just want to say that you you are more than sufficient to meet whatever we are lacking today. We just commit these things to you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this song this morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up. So let's lift up holy hands in one accord. Singing blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name of Why don't you bless his name this morning? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Take it up one. Oh blessed be blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy this morning. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift. So let's lift our holy hands in one accord. Oh singing blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Amen. On this Sunday morning, let's go greet each other in the name of the Lord this morning. Let's sing this. Jesus, we're depending on you. Amen. Let's sing it with all our hearts. Jesus, we're depending on Could I get some more in my monitor, Phillip? Can I get some more in my monitor up here? Depending on you, oh Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you to see us through, oh Jesus, that's we're depending on you. Oh Jesus. Yes. We're depending on you, oh Jesus. We're depending on you. We're depending on you to see. Oh Jesus, Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. depending on you to see us through. First verse, Israel came to the water. Didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. And the Lord moved the water and they walked right on through. Oh my Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we are depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, depending on you to see us through. He's tried by fire. You don't know what to do. You know the devil is a liar. There's not much he can do. Just want to stop us. [Music] My Jesus [Music] Jesus depending on you Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you. Second verse again. When your faith is tried by fire, when your faith tried by fire, you don't know what to do. We know the devil is a liar. There's not much he can do. Oh, he tries hard to stop us. We know you'll see us. Oh my Jesus, we are you. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, where are you? Oh Jesus, where are you? Oh, just the voices this morning. Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus. Yeah. Jesus. Hallelujah. We're depending on you. Oh, depending. Once again, just the voices with all your heart. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, depending on you, Jesus. Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you, Jesus. Jesus. Thank you, Lord. We're depending on you. Oh, depending on you to see us through. Hallelujah. And he will. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Every single time. He doesn't leave a work unfinished. He will see us all the way through. Praise God. You may be seated this morning. Amen. My God is real. Oh, he's real in my soul. Do you believe that this morning? Oh, my God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me, it's like pugle. Oh, is like hero for we know my God is real for I can feel him in my pray. Take it up one. My God is real. Oh my God is real. Yes, he's real in my soul. Oh my God is real. For he has washed me and made me whole. [Music] His love for me. [Music] Yes. [Music] Yes. Cuz my God is real for I can feel him in my soul. First verse, one of the verses. Oh, there are some things. Yes, Lord. I may not know. There are some places I cannot go. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, but I am sure. Oh yes, Lord. But I'm sure of this one thing. What do we know? Oh, that my God is real. Oh, I can't feel him deep in my soul. Testify my God. Oh my, my God is real. Oh, he's real in my soul. Oh, my God is real. For he has wash and made me whole. His love or his love for me. Yes, Lord is like you know. Oh my God is real for I can't feel him in my soul. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. It is truly is real to us. Amen. Amen. Go back to E flat this morning. E flat. It's been a maybe a month before last time we sang this. I love this song though. I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. [Music] My God is faithful. Oh, his promise is true. Oh, so I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I won't be shaking this morning. Sing it. Oh, I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. Thank you, Lord. Oh, cuz my God is faithful. His promise is true. Oh, so I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better. Can we all stand and sing these verses this morning? Amen. Tell the devil this morning. Oh, and why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Testify that my God, my God is so much better. the troubles I face. Yes, Lord. Oh, and why would I hunger for power or riches or faith? Yes, Lord. Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. I won't be shaking. Oh, I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. He's more than able. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak, I speak to the mountains. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. Can we take it up one time? Oh yes. My enemies scatter. Oh, my eneies scatter. Cuz they know the battle is done. Yes, Lord. Oh, cuz my God is stronger. The victories are won. Yes, Lord. Oh, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Testify my God is greater. My God is gater than death. Heaven the grave and I won't be sh. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh my God, my God is faithful. [Music] All his promise is true. Yes. So I speak to the mountain. [Music] Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than the last time. See, I won't be shaken. I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. just so I speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord, man. Sister Angie and the Sister Angie and the Literal Life Church sisters, if they want to make their way up. I just I just made a name for you guys. So, so you guys have to keep singing every Sunday now. No, you guys can come on up and set up these. Are these the mics ready? So, you guys can come on up and we'll just sing. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Amen. You may be seated this morning. A year ago, About a year ago, Brother Rap preached a message um about the 4 and 20 elders around the throne and and how we kind of they oh my goodness, the elders, but he reminded us of their lives and they weren't all perfect. And um it it's just really been an impact on me every day because on at the end of the day, our righteousness, the best works on our best day is just filthy rags. But his grace, experiencing grace, that's what really really makes the difference. And so a bunch of us have talked and this song, I think we've all experienced grace. We're just going to worship him from our hearts. Feel free to join in with us or whatever. [Music] I'm a sinner. Race is still healing. I'm a story. Time is revealing. I'm all of these things, but mostly I'm thankful. Yes, I am. I'm a fighter caught in struggle. A survivor rising above it. I'm all of these things, but mostly I'm thankful cuz you gave me one more day just to say I love you. And you have brought me all this way just to testify of your grace. And one more can I say but halleluah thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you, Jesus, [Music] cuz you gave me one more day. [Music] One more day. [Music] When the night was closing in on me, I didn't know if I'd see the morning. You held on to me. And Jesus, I'm grateful. Yes, I am. When my enemy, he turned up the fire. El Shai, you were right there beside me. You showed up for me. And Jesus, I'm grateful cuz you gave me one more day just to say I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. You brought me all this way. Hallelujah. Testy of your grace. And what more can I say? Halleluah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Cuz you gave me one more day. One more day. [Music] one more day. And oh, Lord, I just really want to praise you cuz you mean everything, everything, everything to me. Thank you for your Lord, I just really want to praise you. You mean everything, everything. Everything to me, oh Lord, I just really want to praise you. Praise you, Lord. You mean everything, everything, everything to me. When I really think about it, I just really want to pray. I do. I do. You mean everything, everything, everything to me. Because you gave me one more day just to say I love you, Lord. You have brought me all this just to testify your grace. What more can I say? But hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Cuz you gave me one more day, one more day. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a broken rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Jesus was blind, but now my heart can see. Gave me one more day to say I love you. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Let's just read from Psalms 27. We won't read the whole thing, but we'll pull out the the section that we're speaking of here now. Uh verse 5, for in the time of trouble he shall hide me. In his pavilion, in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon a rock. Let's go to the New Testament in Hebrews chapter 10, if you would, and uh let's look at that and see if Paul picks up that mystery of that secret place in the New Testament as well. Hebrews chapter 10, I believe it is. Hebrews chapter 10 uh verse 19 and 20. Yes. Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus. So now, if you know your Bible, Paul is referring back to the shadow of the Old Testament tabernacle that had three parts to it. And he's not referring to the outer court. He's not reporting to the He's not reporting the holy place, but he's actually referring to the holy of holies, which is the last part of it, which is the most hidden place, which only the high priest could go. But now he's here bringing it up that we have found a boldness to enter into that holiest place by the blood of Jesus Christ, by a new and a living way which he have consecrated for us through the veil. that is to say, his flesh. God has called believers, especially in this last hour, to this new and living way, living from the inside of the inside of his holiest, the secret place. If he's called us to, how many is called to this message? How many's called to Christ? How many was somewhere and you didn't even know uh that if God could find find you and he found you? So, you know you've been called to Christ. You know, been you've been called to this message, but now that you've been called to him, there's another calling here. And he's called us to come with boldness into this holy of holies and to live from there and to come there with boldness because by the blood, he can bring us through that inner veil. And that's where we can live from. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. Father, we pray that you'll bless every heart that's here this morning. And Lord, we remember the special time that we had yesterday together, Lord, communing and talking with you. And Lord, burdened for the hour that we live in and burdened with the word of the Lord. But now, Lord, we come today refreshed. We come, Lord, with these scriptures before us. And Lord, we know that we you're the one that opens this revelation to us, Lord. You're the one that breaks open things to us. Lord, you could show us and open up our eyesight. Then any blindness that we would have, you're a able to open up the blind eyes. Lord, if you're able to do that physically this morning, then you're able to do it spiritually as well. And Lord, he's even even believing for Brother Ryan's mom that she would walk again. Lord, the same God that made the lame walk when you were here 2,000 years ago can make the lame walk again. And I pray that would be so for Sister Lori. Lord, bless her, touch her, I pray, and bring back healing to her body, I pray. And Lord Jesus, that it's not just a physical healing that we need this morning, but Lord, we trust in a spiritual healing that you can make the lame walk. You can make the blind see, Lord, you can make our change our minds and change our hearts, Lord. God, you can go to the innermost part of us and you know all that's going on. Come, Lord Jesus, as we have sung and the sisters have blessed us, Lord. And I'm sure that it went up as a sweet smelling savor to see these godly women here, Lord, and all that they have been through and all the trials and to turn back and give you glory and praise and honor and say, you know what I'm going to do at the end of all these trials? I'm going to thank God for another day. I'm going to thank him for what he's done in my life. Lord, thank you for these dear sisters that's blessed us. Lord, we feel your presence here this morning. We feel broken, Lord. We feel unworthy to be able to stand in this place and in your presence. But my father, would you come and say something to us this morning? Would you encourage would you strengthen the brokenhearted? And Lord, bring us into that place. We pray as we commit every word to you in this day to you in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this morning. I want to begin to speak on this hidden place out of Psalms 27 and uh transition into this place. And this is one of the most incredible mysteries of the Bible. I am so intrigued by it. And the mystery of the secret place, the inner veil, the place that we come into is throughout the Bible. And it speaks of it through shadows and through types. And David refers to it, of course, quite often. We will in the next few Sundays get into David's life and and why this uh description of pavilion, tower, shelter. Uh he gave all of these word descriptions of place that he was in envisioning. And all of it speaks towards a place that he desired. As we said last Sunday, he desired more than anything to stay there and to be in that place of protection. But it's not just a place of protection. It's a place of intimate fellowship with him. And so, it's one of the greatest incredible mysteries of the Bible. And it actually culminates at the very end time before the rapture. It's actually the last stage that the people of God would be living out of before the rapture takes place. And uh I'll say it later in the in the notes, no doubt, but the Lord just dropped it on my heart that he, our loving Lord, woos our hearts to to steal us away. How many know the rapture is a is a secret stealing away. He comes and steals his bride and takes her away. But before he steals us away, he steals our hearts. He woos us into an intimate relationship with him. And uh so that's this place that we come to with him. And David actually could only desire to be in there. He couldn't fully come into that place because the veil w of the temple was not rent until Jesus went to Calvary and there was blood there so that the temple veil could be rent. It actually happened without them doing it. God supernaturally broke that inner veil that all those years only the high priest could go into. And God sent a clear message. Now that there's blood, now that there's a way paved, now I'm going to send a clear message. It's not just the high priest that has authority to come and come into that holy place. Now it's every believer has a right to come into that inner place. And he tore that veil from top to bottom. We know they went and sewed it back up. They went to Jerusalem tent awning, had the guy out, sewed it back up again because they completely missed the revelation that God had opened his place for all of his people to come into. And so, but David couldn't. He could only desire. I'm sure David had loved to be in the house of God and he loved to come into a a secret place with the Lord as much as he could, but there was no blood on the altar yet. And so, he couldn't come into there the way that we can this morning, the way that we can enjoy the the invitation that has been given to us to come into this place. And so, we have it here. And she we should make sure that we're living from there in living where living in Christ. living in Christ. I don't want to make this a mystery. It's not a mystery anymore. It's being It's living in Christ from your soul. It's being in Christ. There's a place Paul said, we are hid in Christ. How many want to be hid in Christ? Being in Christ is a hiding place. It's a place of protection. It's a place that you're shielded from the darts of the enemy. You're shielded from all the things. In other words, the the world may be affected mentally and emotionally by a lot of things. But he gives us a place that we're not as affected by those things because we live in a place of peace and rest and communion with him. And God has a protection there for us. David could not live there, but we want to make sure. How many would raise your hand? We want to make sure we're living in there. We want to make sure that we're in Jesus Christ. But I love how this is worded because it said, "He shall hide me." So we know we preach that we should get in that hidden place, but he says in this case, "I'll hide my people." You know, it must be pretty bad in these days. And and this scripture, Psalms 27, is talking about our day. A few weeks ago, I brought out all the attributes that he brings that's similar to our day. the mental illness, the emotional instability, all these things that mother and father forsaken you. It's all there in Psalms 27 that speaks of our day. It must be a pretty bad day for God to have to say, "You know what? I'll take my people and I'll hide them in my pavilion." And when I'm not uh leaning and yielding to him enough, I pray he would hide me. Can you say amen? must be pretty bad. He he has to steal us away and hide us away. But as a foundation this morning, I I want to take this very slow and lay a foundation so that we understand some things. There's a great revelation that's been brought to us in the evening time about God's only provided place of worship. It was broken to us through the prophet of this day. And he he began this uh breaking this open through the scripture Deuteronomy 16:1. I'd like you guys to pull that up. Deuteronomy 16:1 and he just reads this Old Testament uh uh thing here to this scripture to be able to show something. Observe the month of Abib and keep the Passover. The Lord thy God in the fourth month of Abib. The Lord thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night. Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the Passover unto the Lord thy God of the flocks and of thy herd in the place which the Lord has chosen to place his name there. And the prophet takes this and begins to go through the scripture and show us that God has a provided place that has blood. It has his lamb. And here in the scripture, I'd like you to notice that it was in the evening time. It was the Passover. And when they bring the Passover, they bring the Passover lamb. So this also speaks of our day because we live in the evening time. And in the evening time, they're bringing the Passover lamb. And when they bring the lamb, they come to worship. They come to worship. But he said in that particular one place, I choose that place. That's where you need to worship because I choose to put my name there. Amen. So we have to we have to realize it's not where we choose to put the name of God. It's where he chooses to put his name. And God has a provided place because that's what we're preaching on is a place. And he has one provided place in the evening time that we bring our worship that we that we worship the lamb. We don't worship a man. We don't worship a church. We don't worship a system. We don't develop a new system of denomination. There's enough of them. When we come to the end time in the evening time, it's about the lamb and it's about worshiping in the right place with that lamb. And that's as simple as it is. At the end, it's about worship in God's provided place of worship. and worship somewhere else that we have created is not where God go God may not choose that but we need to find the place that he is bringing his name and his power that we could worship in that place. I know these are foundational things but I want you to listen as we lay this foundation. So it would not be that man puts his name where he wants to because today we have many people that attach themselves to the name of Jesus. They have many people take Jesus' name and they place it in their denomination. We're going to use this because this is this is Christ is Jesus Christ. And so they choose to put his name. But his name is not just a physical name. His name is a manifestation. His name is a power. His name uh is is as I said a manifestation. So it's in the place God chooses, not where we choose. It's in the place God chooses to put his name. And so as the prophet introduces this revelation to us, we realize that he's in the middle, he says, of about 900 different denominations within Christianity. 900 within Christianity. And then so now he he begins to bring this subject, but God only has one provided place of worship. And he says, everybody's attaching themselves. Everybody's saying this is the place. We got an edge. we got a monopoly on truth. And they're all saying, "You got to come to our church to be able to find that." And he's taking it scripturally. And he's dismantling that whole idea that it's in a church, that it's in a denomination. We could safely say that God himself, his spirit, has never ever worked with the system of a denomination. Wow. Don't get any amens on that. That's exactly right. The only organized system was not of God. It was they're going to it was an organized religious system of the Tower of Babel and they organized and they brought unity to build a tower to get into heaven so that when the if the flood came again they got their own way to heaven. They would make their own way to heaven and that's the only organized system. God wasn't in it at all. In fact, God had to confuse their language to stop it or else they would have finished building it. That's how powerful it is in man's hand to build his own system and attach the name of God to it. Look what we're doing for God. But you see now 900 different denominations. Now today it grows to about 35,000. It's probably closer to 40,000 now if you look it up. 40,000 not not the Islam religion, not uh Buddha, not these things within Christianity. Almost 40,000 uh different ways all say they have edge on truth. We are the way. We are the only way. God just accepts all of them. Listen, God accepts all of these just because they attach his name to it. Not necessarily. God doesn't attach himself to it just because they attach his name of Jesus to it. And it gives the human beings, you know, uh, you know, when you talk about 40 different thous,000 different uh choices, it gives the human beings a lot of choices. So I just want us to take a minute and just notice that that's very leodian to give human beings a lot of choices and actually the choices we have so many we have such convenience today that we have so many choices of so many things and it makes it fit the likings of the human being. If we have more choices for thing then we can choose something that fits us more. Um, all right. So the children and everybody can understand go into a, you know, we can go into a store and we don't just years ago we went into a grocery store years ago there was just maybe one brand of something. Now there's hundreds of brands with all different go and I always use this example. Go down Kroger in the shampoo aisle and it's it's not just a little two choices. It's a whole mile long of just shampoo choices. And if you want it greasy or if you want it dry or if you want a little bit of this, a little bit of that, if you want herbs in it, if you want oranges in it, if you want plums in it, and and I'm I'm going down. I don't know. It actually makes me nervous. I just want some shampoo to wash my hair. My wife says I need to wash my hair. I just want one. I'd be happier with just one. But look at all the the shampoos and look at all the products. It's le oysia. Keep giving human beings and catering to the human being to give them many many choices to satisfy them and to fit their preferences. I'm not so sure that's a good idea because what we do is when we come to church then and someone wants to serve the Lord, we've got many choices as well. We got so many different variations. Can you say amen? And uh you know at the restaurant the other day uh and I always notice this, but you know it's the waitress is putting pressure on you because there's so many choices. First of all, you make the choice of what you're going to eat out of the the huge menu. So you got to decide and you got oh my goodness, what is my preference? What is my taste buds? And so there's so many choices. Then the waitress is asking you more choices based upon what you order. Do you want this? What kind of salad? Do you want this on it? You want that on it? And when you finish, if this is the kind of salad, what kind of dressing do you want? What you know, like it just goes on and on. And bread. Well, what kind of bread do you want? Now, I know this is really stupidly simple this morning, but I'm trying to get a point to you. We have moved into this thing of humanity given all the preferences they want. Could it be that the devil has given lots of ways to worship God? And brother Brandham's bringing out, he's saying there's only one provided place of worship. You know where it is? In the shed blood of Jesus Christ. It's in Jesus Christ. One place, not a church, but it's in Christ. And that's the one place. And so you have all this, you know, and the funny little story. One waitress asked me one day, you know, she was getting creative how she asked and she she asked me uh at the end of getting my salad ordered and all that, she says, "And and how do you feel? How do you feel about blue cheese?" Everybody's kind of quiet because that's a strange question. I had never in my life been asked the question how I felt. It It wasn't whether I wanted blue cheese. It's how do I how do you feel about blue cheese? And so I played along with it. I just I kind of embarrassed her cuz I said, "You know, ma'am, I don't think in my entire life I've ever actually considered what I feel about blue cheese dressing." She got a little embarrassed. My wife was saying, "Shut up." But it was an interesting way to ask it because now it's not just ordering something in your preference. It's how you feel about it. And I said, "Well, I guess I get need to get in touch with my inner feelings about Praise the Lord. Preferences. My wife is the queen of substitutes. She's always substituting something. Even in a drive-thru, she's substituting something else for something else. Honey, just order what's on the menu, please. She's the queen of substitutes. Can I substitute this for that? And you know, it it's it's a culture to cater to human beings and to make everything fit us and our preferences. You ever go into a Bible bookstore and see how many different Bible choices you have? And I don't knock all of them, but they cater to, you know, you got a this Bible and you got a camouflage Bible and you got a Bible for fishermen and you got a Bible for deer hunting. I'm serious. And you got this and the teenage Bible and the the woman that's going through her time or life Bible and you got this. And I looked it up. According to the Bible project, there are over 900 English translations of the Bible. Each aims to cater to various cater to various reading preferences. Anybody awake this morning? 900 different English translations. And then, you know, it was really funny to see the new emoji Bible out for all the millennials. It's all about preferences. Christianity has become the same way. But we don't work, listen now, we don't work to make things fit us. Can I get an amen? We don't come to this to make the gospel and make the message, make everything fit us. We come and make us fit the gospel. We cut. My dad used to say it that you know when you got a big piece of garment there and you're going to make a dress out of it and they take it and they cut out the they cut the dress uh to so because they're going to make a dress out of the fabric and then the remnant is laid aside and and God and so he used to say my dad used to say he said it's it's it's it's guess who gets cut. It it's it's we that get cut to the word of God. We don't cut up the word to fit us. We cut our lives to fit this word. Praise the Lord. So, you know, there's one place. And so, now there's lots of choices then where to worship and your preferences and how deceiving this is. Anyone that says we are the uh uh that that and let me just bring it close to home here. Any church that starts to say we have the right way or we have a monopoly on truth or we have the only way and they're putting down other systems of denominations. I'm here to say even in our own ranks if we're lifting up our doctrine or lifting up our church as being the only way and belittling everyone else. I wonder if we have the same denominational spirit that says we have a monopoly on truth. We do not have anything except for the grace of God. We do not have a monopoly on truth. Truth is Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? We preach that truth, but it's not in a church. It's not in Jeffersonville. It's not in your church. It's not in my church. It's not in a building. It's in Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. And I just I could say a lot more, but just be politely now. We must be careful that we don't adopt a lot of the same attitude as denominations that we have the thing and everybody else is down here and we're up here. If you're moving up here in Revelation, let me see the humility of God. Because to me, a revelation brings more humility that I'm only here by his grace. I'm not better than any other church person. If I am better, it's only because there's no good thing in me. It's only because his grace. If I have more revelation, it should bring more humility. Paul said that knowledge puffth up. So maybe you don't have as much revelation as you have knowledge. Cuz I see a bunch of puffing up. Praise the Lord. He meets a man. This is the great truth revealed. There's one place in Jesus Christ, a lamb. He meets man only in that one place. In the shed blood of Jesus Christ. Christ. Listen. Now, Christ is the word to every generation. As brother Jack Duff was here a few weeks ago, and he was bringing out the attribute of that name, the name that I am. He didn't have the name of Jesus yet, the physical name, but he had a name. And when Moses came and said, "Who shall I tell the people sent me?" He said, "Here's my name. Tell them I am that I am." So, his manifestation of his name is I am that I am. Tell the people what's your name. Tell the people I am. Not I was, not I will be, but I'm always the I am. You'll find me. You'll find that place. Never in a God of history and never in a God of the future, but you'll find me right there in the I am. Hallelujah. when it came time for his verbal name that we would say it was Jesus. Even before he was born, his name shall be called Jesus. So it must have been that was already established that his name would be called Jesus. It was Jesus even before he was born. And so Jesus will always be the manifested I am. Jesus will always be the word manifested to every generation. Jesus is not just the Jesus that walked on the shores of Galilee 2,000 years ago. Jesus from the beginning was the word. Can you say amen? He will always be the word. And when we have the word in every generation, we have a manifestation of the I am, which is Jesus Christ. So, I know that just dispels our former ideas, denominational ideas of who Jesus is. It's not just that he was 2,000 years ago and that's Jesus and we're trying to be like him. Jesus is the word of every generation. He is the I am. The I am is where God and so now let's move on. The I am is where God meets man and accepts worship. The I am the I am is God's provided place. How many believe that God's provided place of worship is in Jesus Christ and only in Jesus Christ? He is the word. So now if that's the only place he says that's the provided place of worship. That's where worship is truly accepted in the I am in Jesus Christ in the lamb of God in the blood of the lamb. That's our place for fellowship. Cain tried to bring an offering to God without blood. It was of his own making. It was worship. It was worship but no blood. Can you say amen? So the I am is where God meets and wor ac accepts worship when we come with our own place and attach his name to it. And I trust you all precious Christians are listening today. Whoever's listening I trust you when when we whenever we take the name of Jesus and attach it to our church system it does not mean that he's there or that he endorses it or accepts the worship. No matter how sincere Cain Cain's worship was very sincere but it was worship his own way through his own thing. There was no shed blood there which mean there was no life. If you have blood you have life. There was no life. It was just fruits. It was just just produce the fruits. Just be like today it would be be like Jesus. Try to put on and be Jesus. But if there's no life of his blood there you don't have any life to be Jesus. So you got to have blood to have his life. Not just the fruits. Kate had fruits but no blood there. So doing all the right things is not enough. There's no blood for sin there and no blood for new life. No repentance will never work the blood of God in our lives. Repentance is not just agreeing but repentance is accepting the shed blood of Jesus Christ to wash us from our sin. I was just say this. I don't care how wonderful a service is to a minister like me. Unless we leave with a repentant heart of where the word has corrected us, it will do us no good. The shed blood begins to flow in our lives to wash our sin away when we have a truly repentant heart. You don't have to come to this altar. If you do, that's fine. But I trust that we would never leave this building when the word is spoken without repenting. The Bible says in the later scene and age, be zealous, therefore, and repent. It starts with repenting. God, I'm wrong. You're right. God, you show me where I'm wrong today. Forgive me, Lord. And don't Lord, don't let me be a one-man denomination. We got 40,000. We don't need 40,000 in one. You know, people can make their own denomination in their own mind, their own system, their own worship. I'll approach God this way. I'll dress the way I want to dress. I'll do the thing I want to do. I I know Paul said modesty, but that was for his day. Modesty was for his day. You don't have a right to do that and be your own denomination. What does the word say? We surrender. We repent. And through that repentance, he gives us the blood, the life of his blood to be able to live the true word of God. Can I Can you say amen? So, Brother Brandham says, "But there's one thing you must know. You've got to be in Christ or you're dead. You can't live outside of him. Your church may be right. I hope you guys have those quotes there. Your church might be all right as of a building. Your fellowship might be all right as a man. But when you deny, listen to this now. The body, the blood, and the word of Jesus Christ. You're dead the minute you do. Notice how he brings it all into one one place. The shed blood of Jesus Christ. But he says the body, the blood, the body was 2,000 years ago at the cross. How many believe he he purchased our salvation there? He paid the price. That body went as a memorial. Talking Wednesday night, it went as a memorial. And so, but he's here in every way except his corporal body. Oh, it's just so wonderful, friends. Glory be to God. That body had to be there and go up to heaven as a memorial in the presence of God. So that every time God looks at us, he looks through that body that went to Calvary. And he can only see us as perfect in his eyes. Amen. Hallelujah. And then besides that, he sends his Holy Ghost all of himself to the earth to live within us. So, it's a win-win situation. God sees us through his blood and we live by the Holy Ghost here on earth. It's a win-win. This bride is going to be victorious. Not because of you, but because of his grace. Didn't the sisters sing it to us? It's by his grace that we have another day. Hallelujah. And so now the body, the blood, and the word of Jesus Christ. Because a lot of people would say, "Well, if we look back 2,000 years ago, we just believe in the body and that's enough." No, no. The body, the blood, which is the life that's in the word and the word. You can't deny the word, especially of your day, and tap into the blood of Jesus Christ. It's okay. You don't have to say amen to that. But you can never separate the word from what he did at Calvary because that was the word that went to us, went to Calvary for us. It was the word that bled for us. And through the life of that, going through church ages, his word is still bleeding for us. It's the bleeding word. Can you say amen? When you preach the word in all of its fullness, it's bleeding for you. It's washing you. It's cleansing you. That's why Paul said the bride will be a spotless bride at the end time by what? The washing of the water by the word. Why? Because the blood is in the word. I'll just say this as a pastor's an instruction. If you're not in that word in your Bible and in the message, you can't find something to wash your life. You stay in that word. You listen to it. you, you know, there's too many people and especially young people, they're not listening. And sometimes I'll say something over the pulpit and I look like I'm from another planet, but I'm preaching the message. And if you were in the message, you know what I was preaching. But here's the other benefit. It'll wash your life over. It'll wash you of your sin. Sin is unbelief. It'll wash away unbelief. Praise be to God. Watch how he points to to the job now of John the Baptist who has the spirit of Elijah to introduce this one place of worship through Jesus Christ. Watch how John is sent to introduce it. The next quote and he looked around. John looked around and he said, "Behold, there he is. There's God's chosen place of worship. Behold, there he is." This is John the eagle with the spirit of Elijah on him. He says, "Behold." One day he looks and said, "Behold, there he is. There's God's chosen place of worship. There's the lamb, the real lamb that takes away the sin of the world." He didn't say, "Here comes the Methodists. Here comes the Baptist, the Pharisees, the Sadducees, all the system." He didn't point to that. He said, "There comes the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Listen now, related to my subject today, the only safety zone there is is in the lamb of God. In him alone is salvation. Not in any church, any creed, any people, any father, any mother, any holy man. He's covering a lot of stuff that I think some pe sometimes people they have a crutch in their family. They have a crutch that they lean on. They lean on a holy man. They lean on a father. They lean on a mother. They lean on a creed of some system or any people. He said, "No, no. Salvation alone is not in any church, not even literal life church. Salvation is not in a church, any people, any father, any mother, any holy man, nothing holy place. It's in the holy God, the Lord Jesus Christ, where God placed his name on the human being for redemption, who paid the price for us sinners. That's the only place that there is salvation. That's the rock that I stand on. And when John looked up and saw the spirit coming, he said, 'I bear record. This is him. Oh my, there's you catching what he's saying now? Okay. There was a ministry introduced before Jesus came the first time, the lamb. And if he spoke throughout the Old Testament of the one provided place of worship, now when you come to John, he's going to introduce. It's not going to be about John's ministry. In fact, when he's finished doing this, and what's he going to do? What's he going to do? What's his ministry? to point us to the one provided place of worship. John could have said anything, but John said, "Okay, everything you read about in the Old Testament, the one provided place of worship, here he is." And actually became a man. It wasn't a tabernacle, wasn't a pillar of fire. It became a man. He was the tabernacle. And he pointed to Jesus Christ and he said, "Behold the lamb of God. He's the provided place of worship." He points, he said, "There's your worship. There's your hiding place. There's the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." Excuse me for reading so many quotes this morning. No, not no church, no creed, nothing else, but the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. See how John placed it. He didn't say, "You Pharisees is right. You Sadducees, you Herodians." He said, "There's the lamb." Malachi 3 was John. He we might say this. Now he jumps to Malachi 4. Aren't we supposed to be promised another eagle, a pillar of light to be following? Because John, Jesus said John was a light and you were willing to rejoice in that light. What did that light do in John the Baptist? It pointed us to the lamb. Now he said, "Weren't we were supposed to receive uh uh let me pick this up. He said in Malachi 4, aren't we also promised another eagle, a pillar of light to be following to show, listen, the airing church this day that he is Hebrews 13:8, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Aren't we promised another one to come flying from the wilderness?" Amen. That's exactly the truth. How fitting and matching it is to Luke 17:30 where the son of man, eagle, will be revealing himself to bring to not all other worship places such as denominations and so forth. What's he saying? The same thing that John the Baptist did. Here's the one place and I'm pointing to to you. It's the lamb. And guess what? Malachi 4 will do exactly the same thing. That's that's it. That's his ministry. Because now we're going to have 900 and then it jumps to 40,000 different denominations in Christianity. You ought to be lift your hand and say, "Thank God for another Elijah that points us to the one pl provided place of worship." And it's not in a church. It's in the lamb, the shed blood of Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. There's only one place that God puts his name and that's not in a church but in Jesus. There's only one place of worship. There's only one place that we are you are received and that is in the beloved Jesus Christ. There's not another name under heaven given among men whereby we be saved. No church, no creed, no nothing. Jesus Christ. And that's supposed to be the message of the hour. I I'm I'm emphasizing this to say what is the message of the hour? What is the message of the hour? Well, I can tell you it's not just another pebble on the beach of a healing evangelist. It's not that. It's more than that. Can I say this? In this hour, Satan has taken this ministry of William Brandom and he's lifted it way high to a position of Jesus Christ. But then you got another influence even sometimes coming trying to come among us to lower it to make him just another man of God down here. He's not down here. He's not up here. He's what the scripture said. It's another Elijah to come. But when his ministry phase out phases out, it's because he's done one thing. He's pointed all of us to the provided place of worship. Back to Jesus Christ. And any ministry who's pointing only to William Brandham or pointing to himself, that's a deceptive ministry. Can I say it? Because brother Brandham did not point us to himself or some other other minister to take over. He pointed us back to the lamb Jesus Christ the word. That's how this ends up the provided place of worship. The message end result is to point us to back. Let me finish what he said here. And that's supposed to be the message of the hour. I just love that statement. That's supposed to be the message of the hour. But how people make it something different than what it is to restore back the hearts of the children back to the faith that was once delivered to the saints once you accept it tonight. Praise the Lord. You still with me? I'm still building a foundation. Looks like I have to put this next Sunday here. Hang on with me. The message end result is to point you to one place back to the bloody lamb through the word and to bring to not every other place that has been pushed for you to worship under. Whatever has been said through our messenger has the goal of bringing us to that one place in Christ and warning us of any other deceiving modern idea that sells itself as another place to worship Jesus under. Can I say it again? The message has come with the goal of bringing us to that one place in Jesus Christ. Do we need it after 2,000 years? Do we need it after 40,000 different denominations? Do we need us to be brought back to the one worship place? We needed it. And it's the message isn't just to do that, but it's to warn us. You say, "Well, my he's so harsh and this or he's so straight even to the women of this generation." Listen, it's it's all to bring you back. When you shed things and you get rid of things and you die out to yourself, you know where it's leading you? In that secret place with Jesus Christ before the rapture. I can't take the dress code. Well, you're looking at it wrong. It's not a dress code anyway. And by the way, talking to our brother about this on Friday, by the way, it wasn't brother Brandham that brought up all these dress codes and holiness. He only echoed what was restored under the Wesleyan movement of holiness. Most of this stuff was already here and it was normal. So people are attaching all this dress code to brother Brandham. And brother Bram No, no, no. Brother Bram said for a woman not to cut her hair. Brother Bram didn't say that. He only echoed what the scripture says that she shouldn't cut her hair. It's her glory to her. Don't lay a pair of scissors to it. It's your glory, sisters. That's what the Bible says. So the dress and all these other things Malachi 4 is just blasting out. What's he doing? He's pointing out any other thing that a person just wiggles themselves and creates their own thing. And I'm going to worship God. I want to worship God, but I want to worship him this way, my own way. And all the while he's pointing us to the lamb, the word of God. No. When you shed all those things, you're ready to worship purely in fellowship and intimacy with him. And let me finish it with one quote here out of God's chosen place of worship. It's the last one here. My friends, I don't want to hurt your feelings, but I'm responsible for a message. And that messages come out of this mess. If you're in a mess, whatever it is, the message has come to call you out of that mess. Maybe you're not in a mess of a church system, but your life is a mess. Guess what? All the messes God's come to change. God's called out. Maybe you got family messes. Maybe your life is a mess. Guess what? He's come to call you out all of the mess. Brother Brham says this, "If I asked you to come out, where am I going to take you? Would I take you to Brandham Tabernacle? it's as much fault as any of the rest of them. I just wanted to add that in because when he comes to the end of the message, he says, "Now, if I'm saying I'm going to point to something and I'm saying the spirit's calling us out of all systems and places to worship that his name is really not there." Then where am I going to point the people? To himself? No. No. Where am I going to take the people to Brandham Tabernacle? It's as much at fault as the rest of them. You know what he just did? There's got to be, you know, people tell me to push play. I wish they would push play on that one. That Brandham Tabo is as much fault as any of the rest of them. And I'll say Literal Life Church, any church that's just a church, that's not the place he chooses to put his name. It's not in a church. And when people become all proud about their church, well, that's nice. That's wonderful. But don't start procilating saying we've got revelated truth and they pressure people and they procelite. You need to be here where the waters are warm. You need to do this, you need to do that. There's something wrong with that picture because we're not supposed to be pointing people to a church. We're supposed to invite people to church. Please do to get them in the presence of God. But we're not pointing to a church. We're pointing to the lamb Jesus Christ. Can I get a greater amen this morning? That's what this message is pointing to and that's what we should be pointing to. Not to a new movement, not to another Pentecostal movement, not to an intellectual movement. Not to our church, not a movement within the message. We're not to point to that. We're not to be proud about that. No, no, we're to be a proud actually. We're supposed to be if we're pride, we're pride in what our Lord has done before us by his grace there. But there's one place Tab is much as follows the rest of them. But there's one place I can take you to where you're safe and pro protected from death. That's in Jesus Christ, God's place of worship. That's the place I'm introducing to you tonight. Where God put his name, where he promised he would meet every person that come in there, he would worship with him and feast with him. That's in Christ. Not in no church, no tabernacle, only in Jesus Christ. How many raise your hand say, I want to be in that place where I'm fellowshipping an intimate relationship with Christ our lamb. Now, so the end time message is to give us an I just want you to step back now and look at it. The end time message is, you know, there's reasons why I lay that foundation. It's because of the uh how should I say this? I could say the Antichrist spirit, but I won't say that. But the the a subtle a subtle work a subtle pressure to undermine what undermine this message. Be careful of it. That's why I lay the foundation that the end time message don't let somebody interpret what it is. It's to give us an entrance to a place, a hidden place in Jesus Christ. Everything he sent us in this message is to bring us into that final secret place of his dwelling, hidden away in Christ. So much so that the devil can't hardly find you. I want to be in there. I want to be in there. Uh so much so the devil can't find you. It looks like a place where it's it's you and God alone. There's no crutches. There's no dependence on anyone. That's why he slams making a church system or a church a crutch that you lean on. As long as I'm attending church, then am I okay? I believe in attending church, but we shouldn't attend as a crutch that that's what we're depending on to be saved or that's what we're depending on to go to the rapture. No, it's it's to take all the crutches away and to realize it's not a dependence on anyone else. It's you and God alone. Can you say amen? And a place that is not exposed to the outside forces. The only safe place is in Christ the word. The only trusted place is in Christ the word. It is to hide us. Look at that now. It is to hide us. The opposite of hiding. The opposite of a hiding place is to be in a place that you're too exposed, that you're not protected, that you're vulnerable. that you're intimidated, that darts can hit you. The opposite of hiding and God hiding you is being vulnerable, not protected, intimidated. That darts can the opposite of hiding with Christ is is being in a place of confusion. Who do I believe? What do I believe? When you're outside that place, then you have those doubts all the time because you're vulnerable to spirits of doubt. There's so many voices out there. What do I believe? And we begin to depend on things that are seen on the outside. But he by hiding us removes the dependence on other things and he steals away with him alone. As I said, the thief in the night steals his bride away. But before he steals her, he steals her heart. He woos her into a deeper relationship with him. Like Solomon said to his bride first before he brought her into the bed chamber, "Come away. Come away." So before there's an intimate relationship and Solomon, the song of Solomon is a type of Christ and his bride. But before he brings her into that inner court with him, he says, "Come away, my love. Come away." There's a wooing to come away. Come away from what? Come away from this world, from it, from your vulnerability. Come away from all the fears. Come away from being so affected in your mind and in your heart by so many thing and so many family situations. Listen, I'm not dehumanizing you and saying you're not a human being. We can be affected by things, but I'm preaching to you a place for me and for all of us that we can be a in a place that's safe and protected from not being so influenced by the outside forces. Our Lord, our Lord, our precious one is saying, "Come away. Should I say he's saying come away from the busyiness of life and commune with me a while. Come away from your phone. Come away from your busyness. Come into a place with me. Praise the Lord. Come away, my love. Come away. There's no reason for you acting so dismay, for I'm coming to take my bride away. Come away, little one. Come away. He says, "Come away with me alone before he catches her away." Our provided place, our provided place is in Christ by a new birth. Now, I want to transition into the stark reality that believers don't live in that state every day that's hidden. It comes by the spirit. It comes by a new birth. If you don't have that this morning, I would make that your top earn earnest prayer before God. Lord, fill me with the oil. No one made it with the bridegroom without the oil in their lamps. Give me that oil, Lord, if I'm lacking that oil. Everybody ought to say that. Lord, if I'm lacking that oil, fill me with that oil. When God bursts you into his body by the Holy Spirit, then we find, as I take this a step further, the stark reality that believers themselves, sometimes you have the spirit. Don't live in a state every day that's a hidden state. They choose to live on the outside, Monday through Saturday, possibly affected by things too much. Can you say amen? So way in the early years, the prophet begins to see something and he wants an answer for it and he finds the answer in the Old Testament. And he one, you know, there's many sermons, the hidden life, the hidden life with Christ. I've been listening to all of them. Uh but there's one called Why are Christians so tossed about? and he he's he's wondered about something all the years especially maybe being around as many powerful meetings as he is was around to watch the dead raised to watch many cripples healed the lame walk the dumb talk just so many things of the supernatural going on God was doing and then with that of course came he was amongst the group of the Pentecostals who uh were probably become very emotional about that not a thing wrong with that but in his eye like Solomon's wisdom he looked deeper into people's lives. And he was really troubled by the fact that people could get caught up in the emotion of what was going on. And he even said people can actually be be healed temporarily and then they go back into their sickness again. And so he's given examples to show why isn't there a stability? Why are people coming to camp every year and getting all riled up by the emotion of camp and then they're coming back to the altar again every year to be saved every year or to get the Holy Ghost again? Why isn't there a consistency? Why isn't there a stability? Why are Christians so tossed about and they're in one day and out the other? They're believing completely one day and then they're doubting everything the next day. He's troubled with this. And so he goes to the word asking God for an answer. And he found his answer as he began to watch all these things. And I could talk a lot more about what he expressed if you want to go through these sermons hidden life, hidden life with Christ. Why are people so tossed about? He noticed Christians being tossed about from church to church, from camp meeting to camp meeting, from emotional highs to emotional lows, fussing with people all the time, fussing with church people, worried about what everybody's thinking about him, living in fear every day, people, Christians living in fear every day. This was a concern to him. Shouldn't there be a a bit more consistency in people's lives and not such extremes? and and and and living in fear every day. I just want to say something about that. Do you know that it says in the Bible the term do not be afraid? This should be encouraging to you. It says the phrase do not be afraid 365 times in the Bible. Amen. So God supernaturally puts do not be afraid in there for every day of our lives. And this is a daily thing that every day it's not you live in fear for three years and all of a sudden you come to a temporary victory. We're not interested in temporary victories. We're interested in consistency and fellowship with the Lord all the time. 365. How many want to take that? Do not be afraid. 365 days a year. This is a daily thing and we can live every day without fear. Brother and sister, you can live every day without fear if you're living in this place. So, he points us to God gives him the answer in the Old Testament tabernacle. I'm watching my time. Uh I don't know if you are, but I'm watching it. He points us to two parts of the Old Testament tabernacle. actually three parts of it, but two main parts. And he goes into the tabernacle. He says, "Isn't it interesting that there's uh this Old Testament, this is where God dwelt. This was God's provided place. This was God's provided place to worship. This is where the people come to bring their sacrifice. It was his place, but was but it was divided into three sections. And you could worship. Listen now. And many of you have heard these things before, but actually pretend that you've never heard them before. You could worship at a certain level in all three parts of the tabernacle and God was around and you could worship. I wonder if you could pull up that first picture, the first picture we had of it. So you could worship. This is how it looked. First of all, this is how it looked in the Old Testament with all the tents that were around it. This is where this was God's provided place to worship. And so as you go in, you have the outer court. And then as you walk in that first tent part, there's a place called the the the the um the holy place. And then there's another veil that is actually the holiest of holies. So that's something greater. So he's bringing out and God shows them through this this Old Testament tabernacle because this is the place God dwells yet there's three section to it and you can worship at a certain level at all places. Then he brings out there's seven pieces of furniture related to this. And all those pieces of furniture are related to our worship and our coming to God. Seven pieces of furniture. Some are outside, some of the holies, some of the holiest of holies, but there's seven pieces and all of them are symbols. All of them are types and they're all related to our worship or coming to God. This is God's provided place to come and worship. So we're coming and we we approach him and then God takes us deeper and closer to God. Each place you move into. Listen now, each place you move into in this tabernacle, you become more hidden from the elements outside and more hidden from Satan and all the world and all the pressures. And that's true today. The more you come into that secret place, the less you're exposed to the outside. So he's saying, "Lord, this must be the answer. These people are Christians, but they're not living in that secret place. They're fussing with people in the church and they're they're still gossiping and they're getting caught up. You know, it's just as worse to gossip as it is to get caught up in gossip." And you know, all these people, there's such immaturities with them and all these other things. And and so he's saying the answer must be is that they've got to grow deeper. They've got to move closer. There's something inconsistent. It's instable unstable in their life. They got to bring their mind, their heart, everything that they are. They've got to forget about all this stuff and move closer in a deeper worship coming deeper and closer to God. So there were three parts and he meets them here in the outside. Uh go to the next one and it's a little bit more specific to show what's inside. So this first altar here is where the sacrifice is and that's when we come to the Lord and we acknowledge that his sacrifice that he's done something for us at Calvary. The lamb was there. They brought the lamb with the priest. But all the congregation can come. They come to that area. They bring the s the priest helps them and they bring the sacrifice. Then there's that golden lather there that has water and they wash there. They they they wash the they wash themselves. And so that speaks of sanctification. God washing your lives. So we have steps that are justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But even the prophet points out then you have to go deeper even just the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You have to go deeper than that. Some preachers will say you're finished. You're done. You get the baptism, you're finished. No, you only begin. And you go deeper with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So you come to the altar, that's a sacrifice for your sin. You accept it. You rejoice in it. Uh no doubt when people receive that there's a joy. Then they're washed. Their life is under justification and sanctification. Their life is clean. And many people come and enter and worship God just to this point. But you're still exposed to all the elements. The next part you enter is in that tent. And inside that next place in that curtain is called the holy place. You go a little deeper. You worship in there. It's more hidden. It's more hidden, but it's not completely hidden. You have the light of the seven golden candlesticks. The table of bread. The uh in other words, that represents fellowship. When you talk about bread, you talk about fellowship. When you talk about the seven golden candlesticks to us, you're talking about the light that was in each age. They're living off of a certain light in there of revelation. And so then you have in there the altar of incense which goes back to you have the altar of incense which is incense going up is our prayers going up. So I just want to in my feeble way of explaining it as you move closer to just salvation and accepting a sacrifice you move into a place past sanctification and you move and you start to receive the light of the of the truths of the seven gold and the seven church ages. You you you break bread together. You fellowship. You worship. Then you come to this instant. You bring your prayers to God. It's all worship. But I'm here to tell you that's only a certain point you come to in your Christian life. It's still not completely hidden. We can't just serve God because we want him to answer our prayers. That's right. That's we can't just come to church and partake of the bread together and it makes us feel good because I'd say when someone had that sacrifice of the lamb, there was a certain feeling good with that. He's accepted my sin. This lamb, he accept the lamb for my sin. I'm sure when you come into the light, oh, look at those. I'm sure when you come, the priest comes in and sees you fellowship with the showbread. You fellowship together. This fellowship is great. I love this. My prayers, God answer my prayers. All of this is a certain level that we're enjoying and God is responding. But notice it's a fellowship really with the other things of God and other people, but it's not that intimate fellowship with him yet. Everybody understand? This is why people only went so far when they first came to the Lord and first came to the message. They only go so far. A couple weeks ago, I said, "The Holy Spirit's really speaking to us about this message and your your Bible, go back and read it again." Because if it didn't take you deeper into a deeper walk, go back and read it again. Don't jump onto some psych psychology. Better go back because you're going to find, "Oh, I didn't know it said that. I didn't know that was in there." And it leads you more and more and more to a place that you're not got a crutch. You're not leaning on. Young people lean on their parents' Holy Ghost for too long. You need Christ the savior and Christ the a Holy Ghost anointing in your own life. You can't make it into a rapture on the coattails of your parents. You can't do it on a pastor. You can't do it because I go to Li Life Church. You can't do it because you're intellectually stirred by all the mysteries. Paul said, "I can understand all the mysteries and still not have the main thing, love." We use revelation and mysteries as a crutch that I'm in. I'm good. I understand these things. I understand serpent seed. understand lots of the seven seal, but we we can't use anything that takes us away from this fellowship with him. Amen. This intimacy with him. So now in the last place you come to, there's not too many pieces of furniture there except for the altar that holds the word of God in it. Uh it's deeper in the Holy Holy. It's the ark. It has the word inside. It's the pot of mana. And we find that the brother brand brings out that the mana that was outside had to be replaced. That table show had to be replaced all the time. It went bad. Had to be updated. When you put that mana in that place in the shakana glory, it never got old. It didn't have to have a revival every year at camp. It never got old. You'll see a reference in Revelations about the Pergamist church age. He said, "I will give you as an overcomer to eat of the hidden mana." What does that mean? It's the mana that's inside the Holy of Holies. The mercy seat is there. Praise the Lord. The high priest once a year sprinkles the blood on the mercy seat. I'd be interested in living in a place like that. Not just enjoying the blessings and shouting and enjoying that he saved me, but I'd enjoy being in a place where his shakana glory and his light, his blood is on the mercy seat, that I have his mercy, that I have his shakana, his presence, not the light of seven golden candlesticks, but the actual light of the pillar of fire living in there. And then we find Aaron's rod was in there, which was constantly budding on its own by the power of God. Aaron's rod was budding. I want my life to bud. I want to eat of the hidden mana that doesn't get old. I want to live in his presence that way every day. Can you say amen? I want to be that close to the mercy seat. Praise the Lord. And so each place was deeper. You believers that's been around for quite a while, you've heard these things many, many times before. But you see now, there's many here that haven't heard them at all yet. And this is the provided place in the Old Testament pointing to Jesus Christ. And when Jesus Christ left, your tabernacle became the dwelling place for the Lord. And like that has three parts. Your tabernacle has three parts. You have a body, you have a spirit, you have a mind, and you have a soul. My dad used to preach a message, third realm thinking and third realm living. He said, "Are we living from the third realm or are we living from the flesh or just our emotions? I want to live from the inside of the inside. I want to live from the inward man. I want to live every day, not just the church. I want to live from that inner part, that inner man." Can you say amen? I want to be living in that holy place with him every day where I'm unaffected, not as affected I should say, by the things that are on the outside. Can you say amen? I want to be in that kind of fellowship with him. The New Testament place in Christ. And you know, I could go on with your tabernacle being three. You know, I could go on and say people can get a feeling in a camp meeting. And I I love the feeling. I think I danced here a couple weeks ago. I love the feeling that knowing the presence of God is near. If I feel like dancing, I'm going to dance. If I feel like worshiping, I'm going to worship. But one thing I've learned in my Christian walk, something can make you feel good, but it doesn't necessarily mean it's strong enough to meet the devil on Monday morning. And so I can worship that way, but my worship has to go deeper than just a feeling. And then you go to your mind and your spirit. You know, your spirit can be refreshed just by being at church. Saul had a demon and spirit on him. And Saul was refreshed by the right kind of music anointed by David. David would play. The anointed would come and it would drive away the evil spirits from Saul who was under rebellion. And he felt good temporarily. That's a lot of believers coming to church sometimes where it made, oh, I feel good today. That just made me and it stimulated my mind. There was such revelation there. Listen, I'm not here to stimulate your mind. I'm not here just to make you feel better. I don't believe the Lord is here just to do that. He's looking for relationship. He's looking for you to live on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, Thursday, Friday from the inside of the inside. He wants you to go deeper. Can you say amen? And so you you you can worship on the outside. You can your mind. And I'm not knocking you. I'm just saying I know some believers. I know my Christian walk that I've been touched by the feeling of the Lord. That my mind has been stimulated by certain preachers. Oh, that's good revelation. I really enjoy that. But I want to get the consistent thing and fellowship in my life. When that feeling goes away, there's a consistent worship before the Lord this morning. Lord, it's Monday morning. I don't feel very much, but you know what? I'm going to raise my hands and worship my God. I don't need church to do that. I love you, Lord, and I'm going to let you know how much I love you today. Can somebody give me an amen this way? On Thursday, when the bills, you can't pay the bills, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to lift my hands because it's another day to thank God. Amen. I've been through hell, it seems like. But Lord, and I feel like I'm living in hell sometimes, but God, even in hell, David said you he you were there. Can you say amen? Even in hell, even if I'm feeling a certain way, you're there with me. and I'm going to grab a hold of your arm and I'm going to have you pull me out of this. My attention is toward you even in the bad days. Praise be to God. The voice of God will always draw us higher, will always draw us deeper. I'm not quite done yet. If it's okay. We are the tabernacle. Body, soul, and spirit. Where are you worshiping from this morning? Boy, this feels good. This is a good service. Boy, my mind stimulated. Your spirit's refreshed. Maybe like Saul's spirit was refreshed, but it was only temporarily. And we think it's okay, but it doesn't last. I'm ready for God to do more in me to get in there. Listen, friends, I'm 59 years old. I'm still hungry. I'm still hungry. this place. I know what it feels like to live from there, but I am so hungry to be in there every day. I've been baptized in there by the Holy Ghost, but I'm more hungry. I'm still letting God weed this garden. I'm a gardener and I'm still letting them weed. I'm 59 and I'm never, you know, I was walking on the road in my driveway yesterday and my neighbor, she was down on her knees. She had a bucket and she's out there weeding. She really shouldn't be. She's on diialysis three times a day and probably if I called Probably if I called her son, he'd be upset at her. But I just let and she's there and she's crouched over and I think she's not doing well. So I come over. Can I help you? Are you okay? She reaches up. She's just all tired and she's out there. She's got a whole flower garden and she weeded that whole thing and she said, I feel better now. I said, "Are you all right? Do you need me to help you? Can I help you? She's What if she 90some years old and she's still weeding her garden? I got a sermon from it. We never get too old for God to weed our gardens because we still get weeds. How many still gets weed in their garden? I don't know what it is. The millennium, I guess, will bring us a garden without weeds, but we still get weeds. And in our Christian walk, we still get weeds. We still get crab grass. That's why we get crabby. The root of bitterness sparks up like Paul talked about. God wants to just jerk that root of bitterness completely out of us. Make us happy again. Make us free again. I said to her, I said, "Sis, she's a she's a wonderful Christian lady and just very," and she just raised her hand. said, "Praise God, he gives me strength." I was just so blessed by her. I said, "Can I help you?" She says, "No, I'm in a minute." She had her walker in a minute. I'm headed over there. It was a good, I don't know, 90 yards or something. I'm headed over there to do that part. I said, "Are you sure you want to go to that part?" She said, "I I want to get this done. I want to get it all weeded." And I'm telling you friends, I'm 59 years old. I got a sermon out of it. And I said to the Lord, I never want you to stop weeding my life. I want this holy place more than I want my name on any flyer or more that I want the church to grow or get. I don't care about any of that. I want to find that place and live in there. And I want every one of you to find it and live in that place. This this is this trumps every other thing that you've been through in this message. Every revelation points to one thing. this secret place with Jesus Christ. You know how I feel about it. He said a couple places. Look what he said here in the hidden life. I have three more quotes. Okay. Appreciate your graciousness. Ministers of the gospel, the reason I'm read I'm reading this for me. Ministers of the gospel, don't care about your denominations or what the world thinks, but seek to enter into that hidden mana where the every I hope every minister's listening here. Seek to enter into that hidden manner where the full revelation of God is making love perfect in your heart and you and God and everything else is at rest. Let everything come what may. You're hidden away. What a place to live. Oh, just let me abide there. That's for ministers. Can you say amen? Is there more to it? Just let me abide there. Yes. And the song said, "Let me rest neath the tree where the so freely flows where the water so freely flows, where the lamb is the light and the soul of the saved never die." Amen. Smith Wigglesworth said this, and this is for us ministers as well. Smith ministers and anybody who serves, so many people want to do great things. This was on a pastor's uh telegram that I'm a part of. So many people want to do great things and to be seen doing them. But the one that God will use is the one that is willing to be hidden. I love that. I love that. The last one he says on hiding hidden life. Sure they ain't man out there but didn't know about this. They'd never been in there. Have you my dear brother? Don't despise my ignorance, but I want to ask you something. Have you ever come to a place in life where Christ meant more to you than all the arguing you could do about your church? Has Christ meant more to you than all the world? I don't mean from an emotion or mental workup. I mean from the depths of your heart that something's settled in there that something's taken place that you don't know how it come but you're hid away and your whole motive is to serve Jesus Christ. Have you entered that place my dear brother? Have you come into that place where you don't care what anyone says? Not to go out and act smart now. That's that's not what he means. But till the love of God is so anchored into you that you can't see nothing else. Your whole motive is to do the will of God. Love for everybody. Flowing free from everywhere. What a place to live. That's the hidden place. That's the place where we got to come to, my brethren. That's the place where God reveals his secret things. That's the place where God does the placing and the calling. Hallelujah. You are my hiding place. You always fill my heart with songs of deliverance. Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in you. [Music] I will trust in you. Let the weak say I am strong of the Lord. You are my hiding place. Just softly now. You are Yes, Jesus, you are. Let's stand together if you would stand together of deliverance. Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in you. I will trust in you. Thank you Lord that the we God [Music] and strong in the strength of the Lord. I just love that. Sing it one more time. You are my [Music] You f my heart with song of deliverance. [Music] Never am I. I will trust in you. I will trust in you. [Music] Say I am and strong [Music] in the strength of the Lord. Just bow your heads and pray with me this morning. Say just play it softly. We meditate on the things that's been said. My precious Lord, I pray that these words would be more under your anointing, Lord, than just words that be anointed. And they would anoint the faith of your people to see the final end, the final phase, the final place. And David could only speak of it. David could only desire it. And yet, Lord, he so passionately desired to live there every day. And the very thing that he desired so passionately is the very place that we have access to that we've been baptized into. Lord, how we still fall so short and we let too many people and too many things, too many worries and fears overwhelm us, Lord. Lord, that place is a place of resting. We rest in you. You're in control. You'll take care of it, Lord. Even our sin and our mistakes, God. We have a place to bring them this morning. And I trust every person would bring their sin and bring their life holy to you finally and say, "God, I'm all yours. My heart is all yours. I hold nothing back from you, Father. Take me, Lord, as this man, Lord, who's been privileged to look at these things all these years and preach them, Lord. And it's a privilege. Thank you, Lord, for giving me the privilege to speak to your people all these years, but God, I don't want to just preach it. I I want this mountain. I want this place. I want this hidden life deeper than I've ever had it before. I want to live there, Lord. Where brother Brandham said, Jesus, you were a mystic to the world. Doesn't mean you were strange, but yet, Lord, you were just so closed in with the will of the father. Oh, God, could you please just let me, Father? Hide me. Hide me in that place. Hide me, Lord. Take me, Lord. Woo me into that. Say, "Come away, my little one. Come away, my bride. Come away from your busyness. Come away from your heartaches. Come away from your past and the scares and the devil running after you. Run into my presence. Run into that secret protected place. Ran at my Lord for every individual I pray under the sound of our voice. We look to you, Father. May that shana glory shine so brightly upon our souls and upon our lives today. Lord, we would leave her with more than a feeling, but something something of a deeper desire. Take us deeper, Lord. Take us deeper, we pray. Break every stronghold of the enemy. Break every sickness, every cancer, every disease, every headache, every pain in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Every emotional, mental instability. Break the power of the enemy. Let there be peace. Come, I pray to your people. Satan, take your hands off of God's property. Let them be free in Jesus Christ. Grant it, Father. Grant it, my Lord, as we put our trust in you. Thank you, Jesus. You are my hiding place. Yes, you are. You always fear songs of deliverance whenever [Music] I will trust. [Music] Wonderful Jesus, your presence is near here, Lord. Thank you father. Oh weak say I am strong strength. [Music] Oh let's sing order my steps in your word. Let's sing that together. Worship the Lord this morning. I think we might have just one testimony in a minute, but just let's how many believe the Lord is here present with us. Order my steps in your word, dear Lord, lead me and guide me every day. Oh, send your anointing. Father, I pray order my steps through your word. Please order my steps. Order my steps. Order my steps. You're worthy, Lord. It's my desire, Lord. every day. Not just on Sundays, every day. Send your anointing. Father, I pray for myself. Hallelujah. Please your word. Come on, sing it. I want you. Oh yes, Lord. [Applause] [Music] Because the world Heat. Heat. [Music] I want to walk. I want to [Music] [Applause] just guide me. Oh, [Music] [Music] heat, heat. [Music] My praise [Music] that you desire. Oh God lead us every day Lord. Oh God lead us every day. We need you Lord. [Music] Please be our lives. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you. You know what? Just before you go, Angie, Sister Angie, come with all those sisters. Sing that again as you send us away today. We'll go away with that song again. I know I'm keeping you a long time this morning. I know they turned my mic off, but I know I'm keeping you a long time. Where did you have to go? What's so important? Where did you have to go? Amen. Say, "Well, I'm hungry." Well, I am, too. But hey, this is better. This is better. Praise the Lord. Bless us ladies again. I'm a sinner. Grace is still healing. I'm a story. Time is revealing. I'm all of these things. Mostly I'm thankful. Amen. So thankful. I'm a fighter caught in the struggle. a survivor by his grace rising above us. Yes. Yes. I'm all of these things, but mostly I'm thankful cuz you gave me one more day just to say I love you, Lord. And you have brought me all this way just to testify of grace. And one more can I say but hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You give me one more day. Yes. Yes. One more day. Thank you, Lord. When the night was closing in on me, I didn't know if I'd see the morning. You held on to me. And Jesus, I'm so grateful, Lord. So grateful, Lord. And when my enemy, he turned over the fire. Elai, you were right there beside me. You showed up for me. And Jesus, I'm grateful cuz you gave me one more day just to say I love you, Lord. You have brought me all this way to testify your grace. I'm more than I say. But halleluah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Cuz you gave me one more day. One more day. One more day, Lord. One more day. One more day. Lord, I just really want to praise you. Yes. Cuz you mean everything, everything. Everything to me. Lord, I just really want to praise you cuz you mean everything everything to me. I just really want to praise you cuz you mean everything. Everything everything about it all. I just really want to [Music] everything. Praise God. I just really want to praise you. [Music] Tell me everything. Everything. You gave me one more day. Hallelujah. Say I love you. I love you, my Lord. You have brought me all this [Music] one. [Music] Halleluah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Applause] Cuz you gave me one more day. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. One more day. Hallelujah. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Thank you, Lord. Yes. That saved a broken rich like me. Yes. Yes. I once was lost, but no. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. from my heart. I see. Yes. Gave me one more day. One more day to say I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. God bless you. As we go today, shake one another's hands and Christian love. I want to sing as we go. Where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? I go to the rock of my salvation. God bless you all in Christian love today. And we look forward to fellowshipping together again. You love the Lord. Come on, Gideon. Send this. God bless you all. Let's shake one another's hands before we go. Where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? When there's no one left to listen to when there's no foundation to rock. I know that he's able to ride. Where do I go? Where do I go when there's no one left to turn to? Who do I talk to? No one left to listen. Who I lean on with no foundation. I go to the rock. I know that he's able. Go to the rock. I go to I my salvation go to that reject. I run to the mountain. The mountain stands by me. When the world around me is sinking sand [Applause] [Music] when I need a friend, I go to the rock. I go when there's no one left to turn to. Who do I talk to? Oh, when there's no one left to listen. Who do I lead on? There's no foundation stable. I know you I know you my salvation go to the storing [Music] to the mountain and the mountain stands by the earth around me sinking sand when I shelter. When I need a friend, I go to the rock. I go I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone and the run to the mountain. [Music] I stand when I need a shelter. I need a friend to go to the rock. [Music] My heart woke me up this morning. Oh, gave me a testimony. I got a reason so many. [Music] He's done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh, woke me up. Wake me up this morning. Maybe a testimony. Oh, I've got a reason for so many more. Oh, he's done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord. I thank the Lord for my blessings, for the ways he has kept me. Oh, I can't forget how he saved my soul. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. I thank the Lord. Oh, I thank the Lord. He is faithful. Oh, when I know he is able. [Music] I was alone when he opened the door. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Yes, he woke me up. Wake me up this morning. Maybe a testimony. Oh, I've got a reason so many more. Done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. I thank the Lord. I thank the Lord. He's my anchor. And through the rain, he's my shelter. Oh, when trouble comes, I can rest in the storm. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Woke me up. Woke me up this morning. Gave me a testimony. Oh, I've got a reason so many more. Oh, done so much for me. He gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Woke me up. Woke me up this morning. Gave me a testimony. Oh, I've got a reason. so many more. Done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. I thank the Lord. He is faithful. For I thank the Lord. He is faithful. [Music] And when I'm able, [Music] I was alone. When he opened the door, I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Wake me up. Open me up this morning. Gave me a testimony. [Music] I've got a reason. So many more. Done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord last time. Woke me up. Woke me up this morning. Gave me a testimony. I've got a reason so many more. Oh, done so much for me. Gave me the victory. I've got a reason to praise the Lord. [Music] Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in. Gater is he. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Satan's like a roaring lion roaming to and fro seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. Many souls have been his friend to fall in some weak. God is promised us today is overcoming power. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, on the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind flew into the upper room and baptized all of them. with the power greater than any earthly for. I'm so glad I got into it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, gater, greater is he that is in me. Gater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. [Music]
