################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-03 - 2025.09.03 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In He Cares, Do You Care (Part 8) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-03
Title:    2025.09.03 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 8)
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3NWcvmmDCw
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
2:56 Opening Prayer
4:38 Preservice Worship
21:02 Sermon
1:21:21 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Sing that tonight. There is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. [Music] And no one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Let's all stand and sing it again. There is none. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Last time there is none like you, Lord. There is none like you. [Music] No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Hallelujah. Let's just bow our heads and word of prayer tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we are so honored to be here again, God. So honored, Lord Jesus, just to come close to you again, God, that you would draw us, Lord, into your presence again, Lord Jesus. We thank you for this opportunity tonight, God. We want to take full advantage of what you have for us tonight, God. Lord, we don't want we we want to God, just redeem the time tonight, God. We want to take advantage Lord of Lord every word you say Lord God. Let us let it not go go go go go void Lord Jesus but Lord we would as a bride Lord just capture it Lord Jesus and take action on that word Lord. Lord help us to be so attentive to that God. Lord just bless our spiritual eyes, our spiritual ears tonight God that we would receive from you God. We just go deeper more deeper Lord in your love tonight God. We love you so much. We thank you tonight, God. We just thank you for the Lord, just the miracle, God, the healings, God, of uh just uh bringing families out of just the sicknesses going around, God. We just thank you for your grace and mercy on their lives, Lord. Lord, we know that, Lord, you're the healer of all of our diseases, Lord Jesus. And we want to thank you and praise you for that tonight, God. We love you. We know there's still some, Lord Jesus, not feeling too good. I know my uncle, Lord God, out with some back problems, Lord Jesus. Would you bless them? Uncle Henry, God. Lord, we just uh needy people tonight, God. Not just in the physical, but in the spiritual, God. We want more of you tonight, God. So, we just give you ourselves once again completely to you in Jesus' name. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in his house again. Amen. On this Wednesday night, I love Wednesday nights. Don't you love Wednesday nights? Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. God can do a lot on a Wednesday night service. Amen. It's not all on Sundays, Wednesday nights. There's something about it. There's something about it. Let's sing this one tonight. I've decided to follow Jesus. Let's go around and greet each other in the name of the Lord as we sing it. I have decided to follow Jesus. Oh, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Oh, I have I have decided to follow Jesus. Oh, I have decided to follow Jesus. Oh, I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. Oh, no turning back. Hallelujah. The cross before me. The cross before me. The world behind me. Oh, the cross before me. The world behind me. Is the cross before me. The world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Hallelujah. Oh, take this forward. Give me Jesus. Hallelujah. Take this for Give me Jesus. Hallelujah. Take this forward. But give me Jesus. I won't turn back. No, I won't turn back. Hallelujah. Oh, I have started for the kingom. Oh, I have started for the kingom. Oh yes, I have started. Oh, for the kingom. I won't turn back. No, I won't turn back. I love this. Don't go with me. Still I will follow. Oh yes. Don't go with me. Still I will follow. Still I will follow. No turning back. No turning back. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise God. I'm just so happy tonight to be in his house. Amen. We made our decision. Amen. No turning back. We can't turn back on our Lord. There's no other way we want to go but his way. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's sing this one. I got my mind made up. That's the wrong key. That was close. Go up one more. I got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. I got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Sing it now. I got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus. Say goodbye to the world now. Goodbye world. Goodbye world. I say to you my pleasure. I say so to you. I made up my mind to go away for the rest of my life. I gave up my life to go away. Can you lift up your hands and sing? Say goodbye. I say say to you I say to you. I made up my mind to go away the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go the rest of my life. I got my life. I got my mind and I won't turn back because I want my Jesus someday. I've got my mind up and I won't turn back because I won't see my Jesus someday. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And it's just it's just not you and yourself saying, "I got my mind made up." It's something inside of you. Amen. It's something greater. Amen. Cuz just like Peter, he can he can deny Christ. But when the Holy Spirit's resting in your soul in that day of Pentecost, when it's settled in Peter, Amen, that's when he's not turning back at all cuz he's got something inside him that holds him deeper. Amen. Than his own flesh. Praise the Lord. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to sing this one a little bit. Uh, key of A flat. The story I tell. I love this one. First verse. The story I tell. The hour is dark and it's hard to see. [Music] What you are doing here in the ruins and where this will lead. Oh, but I know [Music] that down through the years I'll look on this moment, see your hand on it, and know you were here. I'll testify. And I'll testify of the battles you won. Hallelujah. Oh, how you were my portion. Oh, and there wasn't enough. Hallelujah. I'll testify and I'll testify of the seas that we've crossed. All the waters you parted. The waves that I've walked singing. Oh my God did not fail. Hallelujah. Oh, it's the story I'll tell. I'll be singing. Oh, I know is well. Yes, Lord. Oh, it's the story I'll tell. And believe it hard when the options are few. When I can't see what you're doing, I know that you're proving you're the God who comes through. Hallelujah. Oh, but I know that over the years I'll look back on this moment and see your hand on it and know you were here. [Applause] [Music] I'll testify of the battles you won. Hallelujah. Oh, how you my portion when there was indeed enough. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and I'll testify of all the seas that we've crossed. Yes, Lord. Oh, the waters you parted, the waves that I wash, I'll be singing. Oh my God did not fail. Can you testify tonight? He's never failed. Oh, it's a story I'll tell. Hallelujah. Still be singing. Oh, I know it is well. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes. Oh, it's a story I tell. All that is left now. All that is left, yes, Lord, is highest praises. Oh sing hallelujah to the rock of aes. All that is left, all that is left. Yes, Lord. His highest praises. So I'll sing, sing hallelujah to the rock of ages. Let's all stand and sing. I'll testify and I'll testify of the battles you won. Yes, Lord. Oh, how you my portion when there wasn't enough. Oh, and I'll testify testify of the seas that we crossed. Yes, Lord. Oh, the waters you parted, the waves that I've walked singing. Oh, my God did not fail. Yes, Lord. Oh, it's a story I'll tell. Sing it all. Oh, I know it is well. Oh, it's the story I tell. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Give him Give him your worship tonight. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. As the prayer request we come tonight. Here I am go down to F. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. And here I am to say that you're my God and you're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to sing that again. Here I am Lord. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. And here I am to say that you're my God. We all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Hallelujah. Worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Can you just lift up your hands and worship him tonight? I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] I worship you all mighty [Music] God. There is none. There is none alive. All with all your heart tonight, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. Mighty God. There is none. [Music] I worship you Lord. Prince of me that is along to give you praise for you are my rightuousness. [Music] and I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Let's turn in our Bibles tonight to Romans chapter 10. God bless you all and we appreciate you being in the house of God tonight. Those joining in with us from different places. Uh we serve a wonderful Lord and it's a privilege to be able to gather together and break bread together tonight. Everybody doing for my challenge on Sunday? Don't don't answer that. Praise the Lord. I can tell you Monday was a rough day and uh I did a little repenting Monday. Um, but the last two days been a little better. So maybe it's just the devil fighting it. But uh, God bless you with that. And, uh, we encourage you in the Lord. I think, uh, after a month, I believe that we'll see some fruit come from it for sure. Romans chapter 10 tonight. And, uh, we continue with talking about the key and he cares. Do you care? If you've been listening along, we've been taking that message and just breaking it down. And there's a lot of keys in it actually, but there's a real main key, I think, and it's how to get a hold of God and how to set ourselves in a position towards him, to a God who really cares. And so, we'll break that down a little bit more tonight. This is part eight. And uh we'll just go into the word. Romans chap 10:9, that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. I don't know if you noticed two things there that are crucial, very important things and that is the confession of the mouth and believing with all your heart. That's the two things that brother Brand actually mentions in this sermon. He cares. Do you care? So, uh, it's such a it's a a wonderful thing to have a scriptural prophet sent to us in the last days because more and more throughout the years as I study it, received the Holy Ghost when I was 16 years old and that gave me a great hunger to find out what this Bible said and find out the prophet of this age and what he said. And every time everything comes back to the scripture. So two things here is that if you'll confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus and shall believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. Amen. Now, what we read last Wednesday night was in James and talking about healing and the confession that goes with it. So, I want to add that in again because we'll be speaking along those lines again tonight. James chapter 5 and verse 13. Uh, actually just put in verse six, verse 16. Confess your faults one to another and pray for one another that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. How many can say amen? Amen. May God bless the reading of his word tonight. May he bless our service together. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. So, we should really pay attention tonight to the study in the word of the two things that are spoken of here, confession and believing with all of our heart, because they're perfectly lined up with he cares. Do you care? Um, this is what God is bringing in this message is God's provided way. It is the entrance to the power of God. It's the entrance to uh a God who cares. And if we've learned something through this, we learn that God cares not by just saying, "I really care." But God cares when he uh backs up his word and he steps into situations. He steps into impossible situations. God doesn't just say he cares, but he steps in to help. He steps in to do what needs to be done. Shouldn't we be a people that not don't just say we care, but we have actions to our caring as well? God as our father is excell that way and so we should be that way as well. So this this becomes an entrance to the power of God. You never will connect with a God who steps in if you have a hesitant heart or that that wants to believe 100%. You never connect with a God who steps in if you have a hesitant heart and if you have a wrong confession or a lack of confession. If you're missing those two elements, then you limit the power of God and what he can do. Can you say amen? Those two things are key things in the scripture and they're key things that brother Brand was brought up to us and they're key things and it's still true today. God works in these this provided way to get to him and to get to answers and to get to uh some things that we need in our lives. We'll never get there. We'll never connect with him if we have a hesitant heart. If we have an unbelieving heart, if we have a heart that's uh not allin and only God, you and God know if you have a heart that's not allin. You know, it's it's got to be a heart. And when God looks, he sees a heart and he sees they're they may be saying something, but their heart all ain't all in yet. It's not they're not giving 100%. God sees that. And so it makes God just uh be be restrained a bit because he wants two things. He wants to have a heart that believes 110% from the depths of a heart. And he also wants our confession to be the right confession. So those two things are here in scripture. I also want you to notice a couple other things that those things lead to two very important things and that is uh the way he says it. He says with the mouth we believe unto righteousness and we excuse me with the heart we believe under righteousness and then with the mouth unto salvation. Those are two uh some of the most important things that we can have in God is his righteousness and salvation. I'm going to be real simple tonight. Uh this this this is uh the ABCs. But the two things that we want is we need salvation when we're lost. We need salvation. &gt;&gt; And only he can save us. Can you save me? Young people, you can't just jump to the algebra and say, "I'm going to make the rapture because I'm in the message." No. You need salvation. You were lost. You were lost when you were born. And God provided a way for salvation for you. And you have to receive that with all of your heart. You have to confess him. And then we come into these gifts that he gave us. And that is that he gives us salvation, but he also passes his righteousness onto us because our righteousness is as filthy rags. But the gift is he says, "If you'll confess and believe with all your heart, I'll pass my righteousness unto you." Now, friends, that's pretty important things. Before we talk about other reasons why we confess and other things like that, this is basic tonight. And I think it's important that we realize that even these elements of confessing, even these elements of believing 100% in your heart tied to the very essential things that we need, and that's salvation and his righteousness. So um his his salvation is offered to us uh because we are lost. And when you're lost, you're without hope. When someone's lost, there's no hope. Um, and and and it's not just that we're lost and don't know the Lord. We need salvation. We need to be saved. I I when I teach young people, I say, "Do you know what it means to be saved?" Well, if you need to be saved, that means you're lost. And if you don't know that you're lost, then you don't know you need to be saved. &gt;&gt; You see, this is real basic, but you realize if there's not a conviction, if I were to die right now, I'd be lost and go to hell because I'm lost. Without Christ, I'm lost. That's a conviction that every person has to realize. I'm lost. But he offers salvation. &gt;&gt; If you don't know you're lost, then you're not going to reach out for salvation. But if you know if I were to go right now and have an accident or whatever, I know that I'm lost. I'm not going to make it. That's why he offers us salvation. And when you know I'm lost, I need Christ. Then you can embrace salvation. And how does it come? By our confession and by believing with all of our heart. So many and I just want to say besides being lost as as we were uh born lost then there are many situations that that we come to in life that are without hope. In other words, they need to be saved. You're going to come to a lot of situations in your life that they're they're without hope. Without God, there's no hope for the situation. &gt;&gt; And but he can save situations that seem hopeless. &gt;&gt; So So his gift of salvation is to us. We're saved from our sin and the consequences of it. So, we're saved from that. So, these two things are really big. Really big. And yet, there is a provided way to get to righteousness and to get to salvation. A heart that believes 100%. No unbelief there. No doubt. Uh just a a heart that says, "I'm I'm completely on board. I believe it. I'm not just saying it with my lips, but my heart is there." Because, you know, there's a lot of scenarios here. People can say things with their lips. I believe. Brother Bram said in the prayer line, people would be saying, I believe. I believe. But he said only God knows if you're all on board in your heart. So, isn't it funny how we're made up as a human being? We can actually confess a lot. But, as I said last Wednesday, we've got to get our heart lined up with our confession that both of them are aligned. And if I say I believe, God's going to look at my heart. He really believes. &gt;&gt; I don't want those two things divided. And then I don't want to have a heart that's just here. I love God a lot. You know, everybody loves God, but you're you're too embarrassed or too ashamed to confess it with your mouth. You see, so these two things are important and they lead to the two most important things, salvation and his righteousness. Oh, what a blessed thing that we take on his righteousness. What a blessed gift. And so, these are the provided way to get there. A heart that believes with no doubting. And and then confession, which is what we're going to speak of tonight. Confession. God leads you. and even these things uh I can't attach this just to us because the Bible says it's God that leads us to repentance. &gt;&gt; So I mean if we start making it mechanical and just like a formula uh that's not it either. It's it's that it's pray God I'm lost. I need to be saved. It's pray and say God I need you to lead me to a heart that can repent. Everything is up to him leading us. And then when he leads us that we we got to yield. So even in the beginnings of our journey with the Lord, they can never be right unless these things are dealt with about confessing and about believing with all our heart. We've seen it there in the opening scripture in Romans chapter 10. It's a wonderful scripture. If you confess with your with your mouth and you believe with all your heart, then these things begin to come to you. So in the beginning of our journey with the Lord, these things are essential. Uh they're they're things that we have to have. Uh our natural bent that we're born with is actually to disbelieve and to turn away God's provided way to move away from it. You're born with a natural bent to turn away from the provided way that God's provided. So you got you got an uphill battle here, young people. You got an uphill battle because you're born with a canelike uh worship and a canelike nature that says, "Ah, yeah, I might want to come to God, but I want to come to God my own way." uh you're born with that. You you have a bent towards being rebellious. You have a bent. That's why it starts to really come out in life is because if you don't have a born again experience, you're going to start rebelling against everything, including parents that are trying to lead you because without a new birth, you don't even have anything to work off of. &gt;&gt; You're born with that. You're going to start resisting God's word. It's in your nature. your bent that you're born with is to disbelieve, to not trust God's word, and to turn away from God's way. Another natural bent is to be too embarrassed to confess you're wrong and that you're a sinner. That's another natural bent. It's it's it's too embarrassing. But I'll tell you, when somebody really gets a hold of God, the embarrassment goes away and they're not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Go back to Romans 10 there. I want to read that because he brings that up. Bring get your Bibles. Romans 10 again. I think I added the scripture, but that in that ashamed is is in there. It says uh yeah, verse 11. For the scripture saith, whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. So now when we're talking about confession tonight, the reason people won't confess their sins, the reason people won't confess and be honest with God or honest with one another, cuz remember James says, "Confess your faults one to another." Not just to God, sometimes it's to a brother or sister. But you see now, the reason people won't believe with all their heart and the reason people won't go the next step to confess, I believe this, and I why why won't they? They're a little bit ashamed. But when he's moving on the heart, they lose all of their embarrassment. &gt;&gt; They're not afraid. And when they get stimulated by the revelation of God's touching their heart, they don't care who's around them anymore. I'm not ashamed. If they're at work, they're not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? And only the Holy Ghost can do that. But when he does it, they cross over into what he's saying here. that it that that that whosoever believeth on him really believes 110% in other words truly believe from their heart shall not be ashamed and when they're not ashamed they're not ashamed to confess it. Now we go into our subject of confession because when we're not ashamed to be honest and to be open before God and before one another. When we have that, then they're wi then we're willing to confess and own up to when we're wrong verbally. Not wishy-washy sorryries. Not a sorry of a 2-year-old who doesn't mean it. &gt;&gt; Say sorry. Sorry. No, it's got to be something that I'm really broken about this. I'm really sorry. I I I'm God. I'm really sorry for what I've done and I'm not ashamed to even tell people I've done some some things that's not right. Uh even if it was this week, I've done some things that's not right. I want to make it right. Not too many people, some families sometimes that doesn't work in their family dynamic at all to own up to when they said something wrong. But we as Christians got to grow into that because I'm going to show you in a minute why it's it's wrong to not confess when we're wrong. Okay? It's wrong. and you're going to see the fruits of it. So in the next verse, they shall not be ashamed. Something happens. God leads a person to be unashamed, to step out, to believe it, to become sold out, lock, stock, and barrel. And the evidence will be that you're not ashamed to say it in front of the whole world if it's needed. You're not ashamed to confess it in front of the whole world if it's needed. In other words, I am not denying Christ. I am standing with Christ. I talk to people that are baptized about this. You're going to be baptized publicly to show the whole world that I'm not ashamed to stand for Jesus Christ. But it's not just a physical baptism. It's your life that says I am not ashamed of naming the name of Christ and he is the word. So I'm not ashamed of the word of God. Praise the Lord. So I want to point out though even though this is the beginning of a Christian's life and the soul gets saved from sin by confessing and by believing a lot of times certain denominations and certain Christianity will stop right there. You had to believe. If you confess with your mouth you're saved. That's it. You're saved. And then all of a sudden the confession stops. No. All of a sudden now I'm in. I'm going to heaven. That's it. No. This is a continual life of keeping all unbelief out of your mind and spirit and keeping our life a life of confession. It's not just when you first get saved. Once saved, always saved. That would be good. Uh some Baptist doctrines that I confess with my mouth. Once saved, I'm saved. That's it. But you see now this is a continual thing because there was one guy in the Bible to Jesus. He said, 'Lord, I believe, but help thou my unbelief. &gt;&gt; So now, this is a continual walk with the Lord that if is any shadows of unbelief that take our spirit and cause us to lock up or if there's anything that holds us back from confessing our sin, confessing our mistakes, confessing to one another, and I start to go into hiding a little bit, and then I put on a show to everybody else, but I'm not confessing. This is where we get into trouble because we realize that this must be a continual life of being open, being transparent, being open before God, open before one another. Our lives should be an open book. And you know why? Because Christ opened the book. How many knows the book of redemption? He said it's Christ. Christ is the book and the bride is the words in the book. And you know what he did in Revelation 5? He took the seals off the book. And that means all of Christ was transparent to us. we could see him in all of his glory. Now, if Christ did that for you in this hour, our lives should become an open book to him. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; If he did that in this age, he took the seals off of himself. We see Christ in all of his glory. No church age has ever seen Christ this way before. You're a blessed people tonight, sir. &gt;&gt; But if he was willing to do that for you, then why are you hiding things from him? Right? &gt;&gt; Why are you withholding things from him? He and you know you think of Calvary when he was there on the cross. Even there he was naked. They they covered him up but he was naked. He had nothing of this world. His hands were stretched out and there he was completely open to the entire world. Here I am open. And then spiritually speaking his word, his mysteries, everything that he was now at the end time he's another open book before us. I think that we should become an open book to him. &gt;&gt; I think we should live a life of an open book to others. And the only reason we don't is sometimes we're too embarrassed and sometimes we're trying to hide something. But you can never be fully free if you're hiding something. &gt;&gt; You can't be fully free. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, this is more than just when you're first saved. It's a continued life of keeping all the unbelief out of your mind and spirit. How many want to live a life of keeping all unbelief out? &gt;&gt; Spirits of unbelief. You're reading too much of the internet. You know what it is? It's not a matter of them solving problems. It's spirits of unbelief to cause you to doubt. &gt;&gt; You really want to play around with those spirits? &gt;&gt; No. Just get your Bible and get the message &gt;&gt; and ask the Lord to show you. get your answers from that, but don't dabble in the spirits of unbelief. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so, keeping a li and then keeping a life of confession. So, I just want to jump ahead in the sermon down a little bit. And brother Brandon explains it just real simply later on. And he's showing the provided way, not it's not in joining a group. It's not in joining a church. I'm and tonight I'm building the case a little bit more of how crucial it is to be open to have a confession of our faults and confessing his word as well. And brother Bram says along in in in the message he cares you care. Now see man will say well I join church that settles it with me. That isn't God's provided way. Joining church is not God's provided way. Being in the message group is not God's provided way. I It's my home church, so I can say this more and more. I realize there's a lot of people that are in the movement, but they don't understand what this message is. &gt;&gt; They do not understand what it is. &gt;&gt; And if they exit, they didn't understand what it is. Because there's nobody there's nobody that could exit this and understand what it is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How in the world does God send us a message to take us out of systems of denomination and partial presentations of Christ and then what spirit the spirit takes you out of that commodifer my people? What spirit took you back to it? &gt;&gt; It just doesn't work that way. It doesn't make any sense. And so he brought us something that a lot of people the reason even they don't live it is because they don't understand what it is. And God needs to reveal to the person what this really is. it it to me today after however many years it's been 16 years old I was filled with the Holy Ghost. I was telling the brothers in the office a little while ago I you know I got filled with the Holy Ghost. God changed my life. He changed my desires. And one of my greatest desires is to find out what this Bible says. I Dad didn't have to tell me anymore to read my Bible. I had a hunger to read my Bible. And then I said if God sent a messenger prophet to my generation I'm going to hear what he had to say. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I took the next four or five years and stacked cassette tapes and brought them home from the library. And I'm not boasting. I'm just saying I had to bathe myself in the word because I said, "If God, if this is of God, I'm going to find out what it said. God spoke to this generation." &gt;&gt; And I think a lot of people are not doing that. And that's why they're susceptible to unbelieving spirits sometimes that's that's uh that's out there because they haven't just and I I got a hunger for the word and I I just wanted to I wanted to be devour I just want to devour it. I wanted to find out that's what came with my experience. But you know I can say today that it means so much more to me than it ever has. And I was going to say this. This is what I was you know I forgot what I was going to say and now I remembered and I better say it before I forget it again. I know none of that ever happens to you, but more and more this message that he breathed on this generation is less and less to me about William Brandham. &gt;&gt; And I say that to with the most respect. But when I look at this, if you look at this as seventh grade education and you know where where did he have his stories wrong, you're looking at human flesh &gt;&gt; more and more. This doesn't have to do with the man. Your truth is what I follow. It'll still be true tomorrow. What I believe is not the works of any man. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So he says this, I didn't finish the quote. He says, "Well, I joined church. That settles it with me. That isn't God's provided way. God's provided way is repentance, confession, and I like this, showing results. bringing forth fruit, meat for repentance, showing sincerity. So that's God's provided way. You got to repent. You got to confess. Can you say amen? And you got to bring forth fruits, meat for repentance. John the Baptist said that to the Pharisees, "Well, we want to come. We want to be baptized. We want to join the message." And he says, but but he didn't see the sincerity to it. He didn't say they were repenting. They didn't come up and repent. They didn't come and said, "We're wrong and we're leaving our denominational system." They just wanted to join the movement. And he says, "Bring forth fruits worthy of repentance." If you really repent, there'll be fruits of this message coming on your life. I'm going to say it again. If there's true repentance, there'll be fruits coming in that person's life of this message of this hour. &gt;&gt; And you'll see the fruits in their life. That's repentance. It's not saying, "I'm sorry," and then all the fruits are worldly fruits. No, you'll see the fruits of the message. &gt;&gt; Maybe not overnight, but they're going to start coming out because you've had a real experience. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So it's bringing forth. So that that's why he mentions the word sincerity. So now not just at the beginning of your spirits but a continual thing. And then James puts this confession as a huge part of our life. Not only for healing but he he ties it to our prayer of faith saving the sick all healing. He ties it to our prayer of faith when he says confess your faults one to another. Not just to God. We dealt with that last Wednesday night. It's not just to God. as last Wednesday he talked about a husband who was flirting with another woman and put his arms around another woman. Then he comes and just casually says, "Honey, you don't mind that, do you?" And you know, we're buds and everything. And it was an insincere confession. And and and so when you have a confession that's insincere or you don't have any true repentance, then we realize that it hinders faith to be able to bring healing to our lives and healing to the body. A lack of confession restricts the Holy Spirit from doing more healing. &gt;&gt; And we're going to see that in a minute. So, why is it so important that we live a life of open confession, even confessing our faults? James says, and I said last Wednesday night, James, did you have to bring that up? Talk about healing. Talk about laying hands on the sick and they're recovering. Talk about all these other things, but where do you get this confess your faults one to another? I ain't doing that. Well, you're missing a key element in more healing. &gt;&gt; Because why? Why? Let's talk about why. Why did James make it important? Why does the Lord make it important that we live this life? Why there's so why is there so much in the Bible about what comes out of our mouths as we preached on Sunday? &gt;&gt; Why is it so important in the scriptures? Why is it so important what's coming out of these mouths? And a confession is needed. Why? A lot of secrets can be held up within us. And the problem is the secrets can bind us up. &gt;&gt; Secrets can bind God up. &gt;&gt; Secrets can bind our family up. &gt;&gt; Secrets can bind a church up. And I'm I'm teaching sons of God here tonight. Listen, this applies to all of us. &gt;&gt; Secrets that need that lay there hidden. The devil uses it to bind up families, bind up churches &gt;&gt; because something's laying there and only go God knows about it and only you, but it's laying there. It's laying there. unconfessed sin or maybe something that's it just if it's laying there then there's shadows and there's there's a limitation put on the whole moving of the Holy Spirit. God could burst somebody into the kingdom. But if a whole congregation came together and they had resentment in their heart, God can't move and that person that's sitting in the seat may not be able to get their salvation because you've limited the freedom of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; All of us are involved in this. All of us. This confession is important. &gt;&gt; We have an accountability to one another. Can you say amen? We have an accountability to create the right atmosphere. And part of that is that there's not secrets uh uh and and secrets that are not exposed can be listen now. Secrets that are not exposed can be manipulated by Satan and turned into lies. &gt;&gt; How many know Satan is the father of lies? He dwells in the realm of lies, not truth. Truth sets you free. So he dwells in the realm of lies. So secrets that are not exposed quickly and brought out become manipulated because that's where he dwells. He gets right down in there in the realm of the secrets. And he gets in there and manipulates them into lies because he's the father of lies. And lies create bondage. How do we know that lies create bondage? We know that because Jesus said, "Ye shall know the truth and the truth will set you free." The opposite is that is a is a lie. So lies must bring bondage. Truth brings freedom. &gt;&gt; And so uh lies bring bondage. Lies put someone in a prison on the inside. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; You never find Satan wanting to reveal the secrets of your heart. &gt;&gt; There's no scripture for that. In fact, there's only two scriptures that speak about the secrets of the heart being made known. And that is um one I'm going to bring it up if you guys bring it up. Psalms 44:20. Even us, if we have forgotten the name of our God or stretched out our hands to a strange God, even if we did that, shall not next one. Shall not God search this out? for he knoweth the secrets of the heart. &gt;&gt; So even if we're failing and we're drifting away for an elect, God's going to say, "I'm going to reveal the secrets of the heart. I'm going to search you out. I'm going to find you and I'm going to find what's wrong in the heart. I'm going to expose it. I'm going to reveal it." Why? Because he's a God of truth and he dwells in truth, not lies. And so the the the scripture has many places that speak about but Satan Satan will never reveal the secrets of your heart. He helps you hide them. &gt;&gt; And the deeper the secret goes inside of you, the deeper he can hide it and cover it up, the better for him. But it's our loving God who likes to reveal the secrets of the heart. &gt;&gt; You say, "Why does he do that? It's embarrassing." Because God knows if it's a little bit embarrassing temporarily, there's more freedom down the road. &gt;&gt; I was just reading something today about a a University of Michigan study, and they found with the younger ages, and I can't remember the ages, but younger kids will emotionally get used to confessing to their parents and confessing things even though they're born with a spirit to lie. You're born in sin, shaped in iniquity. come into the world speaking lies. You don't have to teach a kid to lie. They'll do it. &gt;&gt; But sometimes after they've been around their parents, they learn emotionally that there's better benefits to con confessing it because then their probably their parents changed their demeanor to them and they get open to them, maybe give them some more privileges. So they learn it's better to confess. But then the other study showed as they got older, 10, 11, 12 years old, as they get older, then they emotionally tie to hiding things instead of confessing it because it becomes better for them. Uh they can do the things that they want. If they live a life of not confessing it, probably the discipline is going to be there. So they become fearful of the discipline, right? And so now they choose emotionally to to start to start keeping the lies going because they can live kind of the way that they want to live and the lies keep building up and then um you know I don't know where it was but yeah here here they what what it is is that they get to what they want and they forget listen they forget the greater freedom and the release in their spirit that comes from confessing. They learned that as a child, but they forget that that the greater uh the greater feeling is when you confess things and they forget that and then we become adults and we become professionals at lying, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We become very good at it. We play grown-up games with one another and and adults become more childish in that way and because they too become professionals at hiding and throwing people off and deflecting the pain and the fear of an embarrassment because when sins build up then it becomes more embarrassing to confess it. They don't confess it to God. They don't confess it to one another and the fear of embarrassment and they learn very well how to hide it. They become professionals at lying. They become professionals at deflecting the pain. They become professionals at hiding it. Professionals at hiding it. And they forgot that on the other side of life uh of confession is true freedom. They forgot it because it's too much pain. It's too embarrassing to bring it up. Now, I didn't have this down, but you remember the incident where uh the school the Sunday school teacher, Brother Brian was dealing with her, exposed that she had adultery in her life that she hid some way back 10, 20 years ago. She was continuing to be a Sunday school teacher and she was so the Holy Spirit brought it up and exposed it just as a gentleman, but said, "You've got this back here." And she said, "Who told you that?" Oh, I I I confessed that to God years ago. And brother B said, "Well, you didn't confess it to your husband. Nobody else knows about it. You didn't confess to your husband. You sinned against your husband, too." And so, she gets real defensive. And she had hid hid that thing this long going on, being a Sunday school, maybe even doing those things to cover it up because sometimes people religiously &gt;&gt; work hard to cover their condemnation. &gt;&gt; You don't have to say amen to these. You can just think about it cuz this is getting deep for all of us. But there's a lot of things done in the name of serving Christ that are covering up people's guilt. &gt;&gt; And that's not a good reason to do it. &gt;&gt; God wants you to be free and he wants you to serve his kingdom, &gt;&gt; but not out of guilt. &gt;&gt; Not doing penance. &gt;&gt; That's the Catholic church. You want to do penance, join the Catholic church. No, don't join the Catholic church. But we're not we're not paying back for our sins. We're not working to give a big offering to the United Way so you can relieve your guilt. All you need to do is bring it and confess it to the Lord. &gt;&gt; He's faithful and just to forgive. If we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us of our sin. Once again, what confession? &gt;&gt; He promises if we confess it, he'll forgive us of our sins. &gt;&gt; He's promised that. &gt;&gt; Yes. So adults become professional at hiding it, but they forget they forget the the freedom that would be on the other side. And they and be they can be set free by God. One writer says, "If we've done something wrong and hide it in our hearts, unconfessed and unforgiven, it will always work against us and become a stumbling block on the pathway of our life." As long as pride, oh, he mentions the word pride. As long as pride tells us to keep it hidden, the enemy can use the ungodly choices we have made to undermine our lives. True. &gt;&gt; The principle of confessing sin as a step towards healing and wholeness is not just New Testament healing practice seen in James 5:16. That's the one we just read. It's not just for that healing, but it is a theme which is interwoven through the scripture. When we deal with our sin, then we can receive mercy and forgiveness. But if you don't deal with it, if you leave it alone, if you hide it, and if you if you're working hard for the kingdom to try to cover it up, that's not the provided way God has for you. &gt;&gt; Don't try to work it off. Don't try to do that. That's that's not what God wants. He knows your heart. Uh serve the kingdom of God, but don't do that. So now, here's a couple things is that a couple words out there. Pride is what makes us do it. too embarrassed to talk about it or we don't want to deal with it. That's two things I think there were good things Peter Horban wrote brought up there. So now look at look at David for a minute and the Lord dealt with me late last night about this and I think I'll bring this at the men's meeting. I have to speak a couple services there. David over time, God's king, a king after God's own heart, rose to his place, had a position in the kingdom, fought, brought on the enemies, subdued, everything was going good. And remember now, this isn't in the world. This is in Jehovah, God's own army, and this is God's king positioned. But over time, David built this private world that nobody knew about. You say, "Well, I thought he had sinned with Bashibba." Yeah, but that was only the end of it all. You don't you don't have an adultery like that unless something's been privately building up &gt;&gt; over time. Something's happened. Your spirit um for a man, I just told a man, a young man this the other day. I just said, "We draw our uh encouragement sometimes and our worth from praise of what we're doing. We're working hard. We're providing for the family. If they don't get enough praise for that, then if if their job fails and or they're not getting a promotion, it really affects us as men because we want to be successful in our work and successful in life. And when we have a couple damages happen, our spirits get really low. You're very vulnerable in those times when your spirits gets low. Also, David, the Bible says that he normally would go out and fight with the other ones. Well, he stayed home. So there's little things happening to David, little changes that only he knows that he's making. The rest of the kingdom is going on. They're still having church every Sunday. &gt;&gt; Everything's functioning the same. And yet privately, this little world of David has changed. Before Basheba come in the picture, there was something that began to be built up in him that become a hidden world. And uh he could have talked to somebody about all that. David could have talked to somebody where first of all he should have called Nathan the prophet in &gt;&gt; he should have fed on the message &gt;&gt; but obviously he had he had reasoned that I don't need the prophet for this one &gt;&gt; hiding &gt;&gt; I don't need to listen to the prophet you know there's something going on here but but he really needed it he needed help he needed accountability &gt;&gt; and that particular area of his life he's just leaving hidden, &gt;&gt; unaccountable. So now uh then his position brought him a pride. I'm not going to go out to fight now. I'm going to stay home and let my guys do it. That pride made him start hiding things. And when the prophet was told what was happening, I can just tell you the prophet came to him and never give him a free pass. And a prophet will never give you a free pass when there's sin to be exposed. &gt;&gt; And all of us adult sons and daughters of God, young people may not understand this yet, but all adult sons of God have learned this. And they raise their hand and praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your rebuke and your correction. Thank you for the prophet in my life. Thank you for the Nathans that come in my life because I know the joy that's on the other side of being exposed. You're a childish. I don't want anybody tell me what to do. Stay out of my life. That's none of your business. You sound like a teenager. &gt;&gt; You sound like a teenager spiritually. I don't have to live up to all that message. That was Brother Brandham's opinion. And you're acting like a teenager. But sons that are growing are saying, "I'm embracing the correction of God's word. I want accountability." Can I get an amen tonight? I embrace if it's the right kind of correction coming from the Lord even through a brother and sister. We're to if a brother be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, go and restore such a one in the spirit of weakness. Why isn't there a lot of sermons on that? That's something supposed to be working in the body that you trust somebody to tell you the truth. &gt;&gt; You're not bucking up against it. &gt;&gt; And so David was not given a free pass. He gave room for him to confess. And he gave a scenario of the sheep there. And you you know the scenario and and I have to go back. I even last night I just went in and read that one part on my phone. I read it that said finally Nathan said, "You're the man. You are the man I'm talking about in the parable." But I want you to notice something. When he was first presented with it, he should have confessed. But God gave him grace again to confess that he did it. Because the first reaction was to continue to hide it &gt;&gt; and to blame to take that scenario and say, "Well, if that happened and that sheep was stolen that let's take the whole full measure of the law." We are always so good at judging everybody else. &gt;&gt; But when it comes to putting the lights back on us, we deflect it. &gt;&gt; What What should happen to that person? ah they should do they this should happen to them. They they went away from we we're quick to judge and quick to we're professionals at diagnosing everybody else's problem but we're not professionals at diagnosing oursel. That's why we need God sometimes when we're so stubborn to hide things to diagnose us what we're said David you're the man and you better you better look at things now. uh he should have been accountable at the beginning. Somehow he hit it because I want to maintain my position in the church. I want to keep things going, but I want to keep this going on the side. &gt;&gt; And God just wouldn't let that go. &gt;&gt; You see, &gt;&gt; and it was God's love that come through the prophet and come right down there and said, "You are the man." &gt;&gt; What was he saying to a son of God? This another work of the message. It's another work of the message. There's a spirit of discernment that's still in this message and still in this word. &gt;&gt; It's not just God sent a prophet and no, no, no. There's a spirit of discernment in this message in this word. And if you expose yourself to that kind of light, you're going to find some victories that you wouldn't have had if you didn't have that light. &gt;&gt; When you see it as the wrong thing, it's bad. But when you see it as light and it's going to be for your good and it's got some victories down the road, you say, "Lord, shine your light on me. I'm an open book before you." That's what David should have been saying, but uh he he wasn't. And even when he was presented with the scenario that fit him and not everybody else, he put it on to somebody else. &gt;&gt; He really gotten into a mode of hiding and to deflect to other people, to deflect. And and Nathan said, "Now, it's it's time for you to look. I've got the kingdom in mind here, and I need your ministry to continue, but it can't continue unless you expose this thing and repent of it." &gt;&gt; And God didn't, you know, embarrass him in front of the whole thing. And Nathan didn't come in and say, "Hey, you know what? We need to really manage this whole situation now. Uh, you keep this quiet. I'll keep it quiet because we need to keep the kingdom going." No, no, no, no, no. God said, "No. The kingdom won't even continue. The kingdom will be taken out of your hands unless you deal with this right now. &gt;&gt; There's lots of pain that came from that time in David's life and it's all because of his secret world was not exposed. His secret sexual world. Some things in my experience with dealing with people through the years is I have found that if they're under a real legalistic, harsh, excessive, strict home, they tend to have sexual secrets. And this is not recent. This is years ago watching things. The more legalistic that it is, the more they're secret sexual sins behind the scenes. It's true. &gt;&gt; And of course, I wouldn't give scenarios, but I've watched it. I've watched look at these homes and they look so perfect on the outside. They fit the message perfectly. And yet, there's hidden things that are not dealt with sexually behind the scenes. Abuse, sexual abuse. And if it's not, it's just private sexual things going on. I don't know all the reasons yet. I'm, you know, almost whatever age I am, but I don't know all the reasons why that kind of is together. But maybe the pain of sin is too extreme and the consequences are too extreme. So they hide it because the consequences of small things were dealt with in such a harsh way that they're scared to reveal something that's deeper. &gt;&gt; And so they hide it. And you know what? I can see us humans doing that because we're human beings &gt;&gt; and the pain of exposing it is going to be too much. Like that woman, she says, "Don't tell that to anybody." That Sunday school teacher, "Don't tell that to anybody." And he said, he said, "If you don't," he says, "nothing will be right." And he says, "Your husband's got the same thing to confess to you." And then she was so surprised cuz she didn't know that. This is we're talking about 15, 20 years of just hidden secrets. He was a deacon in the church and they're just going on and functioning. But listen, the Holy Spirit just wanted them to come to a greater victory and it came through confession. I don't know all the reasons why, but maybe the pain of sin is too extreme to avoid. So they hide it to deal with to or so they hide it. Hiding and feeling good is safer for them than exposing it. May God help us to see this tonight. Kind of like a kid who mom and dad ask him to go clean the room and you go up, they say, "Come on, mom and dad. You got to check this room out. Everything's perfect in the room." And you go, you say, "This is amazing. The bed's made and yours. I'm so proud of you. You're This looks so good." And you go over and open the closet and they have stuffed everything in the closet. The closet is an absolute mess because all they did was clean up what everybody would see out here. &gt;&gt; And they stuffed it all hiding in the closet. You see, that's what we do sometimes. &gt;&gt; Hide it in the closet. Look good to everybody. &gt;&gt; Put a mask on to everybody. &gt;&gt; But it's time to take off all the mask. &gt;&gt; Selfdeception is the worst kind. Can you say amen? It says it in the Bible. 1 John 1:5. And then I'm going to bring this down to a close. This then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie and do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sin. You limit the power of the blood. Can you say amen? By not living in the light. &gt;&gt; You limit the power of good fellowship with him and with one another. By not living in the light, you can't find a real connection of true fellowship. It's all service. But when you live in the light, the benefit to the light is fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses you. Let's go on with it. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves. There's selfdeception. Underline it in your bi Bible. And the worst type of type type of decept deception, excuse me. The worst type of deception is selfdeception. &gt;&gt; A person deceiving them their own selves. &gt;&gt; If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves. And the truth is notice how all this is going on with yourself. God knows. You know, but it's not something everybody else knows. Truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, here's the promise you want to latch on to. If we do what? Say it. Confess. If we confess &gt;&gt; our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us of our sins &gt;&gt; and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar and his word is not on in us. I just want to read it in the amplified back to verse um back to verse 5 real quickly. This is the message of God promised revelation which we have heard from him and now announce to you that God is light. He is holy. His message is truthful. He is a per He is perfect in righteousness and in him is no darkness at all. No sin, no wickedness, no imperfection. If we say that we have fellowship with him and yet walk in darkness of sin, we lie and do not practice the truth. But if we really walk in the light, that is live each day and every day in conformity with the precepts of God as he himself is in the light, we have true unbroken fellowship with one another. He is with us and we with him. And the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sin by erasing the stain of sin, keeping us cleansed from sin in all of its forms and manifestations. If we verse eight, if we say we have no sin, refusing to admit that we are sinners, we delude ourselves and the truth is not in us. His word does not live in our hearts. If we freely admit that we have sinned and confess our sins, he's faithful and just, true to his own nature and promises, and forgive our sins and cleanse us. Listen to this. He'll forgive our sins and and cleanse us continually from all unrighteousness, our wrongdoing, everything not conforming with his will. The last one is what I amaze me. Verse 10. If we say that we have not sinned, and this is somebody who's not willing to confess when they're wrong. If we say that we have not sinned, refusing to admit acts of sin, we make him out to be a liar by contradicting him and his word is not in us. That's pretty straight. That's pretty straight. So here's the here's the quote that I wanted to get to and then we're closing in and he cares. Do you care? The next section he says, "Now we notice that the people making their confession has got to come from the deepness of sincerity." I have here, I ain't got time to read it, but it's in Bingampton, New York, I believe. I've got that wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Bingampton. I believe it's right. The place where the Indic shoe company is there. Bingham, I believe it's called Bingington. That's right. New York. He was We was there in Indicate Johnson shoe place, a big auditorium. And we the this this uh shoe company made all the shoes for World War I, World War II. Huge company. It's not there anymore. It was bought out, but they had a lot of money flowing through there. 1940s, 1950s, and built a big auditorium. They built a theater. These rich guys built a lot of things. And I was reading today that they they wanted to build a whole community to help the people on their day off to have some entertainments. And so they built auditoriums, they built theaters, and there was a big fight that they had with the city leaders because that back then it was wrong in society to attend a movie theater on Sunday. It was wrong to do that. And so they changed the laws and they got the people doing things and that they could go to a theater after church on Sunday. They had to go to church. And so all this, one of these men were heard about the message and I think was affected. I'm still researching that. But they had brother Brandham in 1954 and here's what happened in that meeting. We was having a meeting up there and one morning Billy Paul was next to me real cold winds blowing and I found among the people a lack of sincerity it seemed like and I wondered why. Here was one man. Listen now. Here was one man that was healed purpose or one man in particular I'm speaking of. The man had a great affliction and he was healed this night standing there and before we left 5 days the affliction was back on him again. You see because in the presence of the Holy Spirit, it took that off of him just like it did this young woman a while ago here in the yard. The young man last night. You see? But there must be a deep sincerity to know that the God that can take it away from you now with that same anointing on you can keep it away from you. &gt;&gt; Now we just learned a huge lesson as sons. Now we don't want just a temporal blessing. &gt;&gt; We don't come to church and we don't serve the Lord this way to get a temporal deliverance and a temporal blessing. God has an anointing and God wants us to continue in our confession so that we keep that healing and we keep what God has given us. But he that man was delivered in that prayer line and now he's going to give the reason why it came back on him. And he says we must be sincere to know that God can take it away from you with the same anointing. He can keep it away from you. And then the Holy Spirit spoke to me one morning about daylight and said get up. Okay. Did I did I read the part about confession? confession. I I must have missed a part because he said the trouble with the meetings is that there was a lack of insincerity in the people and a lack of confession in the people. So I must have missed that. But he says he the Lord showed him this whole meeting it was it was going great but it wasn't the effect it could be because the lack of sincere confession among the people. So he says, "Then the Holy Spirit spoke to me one morning about daylight and said,"Get up on the platform or something and bring these people up there and make them confess everything that they've did before you pray for them." You see the depthness, the deepness of sincerity, unless the world repents, it's got to perish. And confession is what the world needs today is honest confession. It's actually limiting the success of an entire meeting. I mean, who wants to pray for people and then as they all go, they all get their sicknesses back? &gt;&gt; And he says it's because there was a lack of confession in the people. There was things laying in the congregation. They were insincere. They weren't confessing. Confession comes first and then there's a real healing that takes place. got up and said, "Listen, before we have the healing line tonight, we're just going to lay things before the Lord." And then the meeting was come to uh the blessing of brother Bren feeling like something was more successful. But I want you to notice just as I close here, notice that statement to sons and daughters of God. I I never knew this until I begin to study it that that in the presence of the Holy Spirit, it took that off of him, but it was only temporary. Right? &gt;&gt; And then the fellow, the maniac that come up and just was, I'm going to tear you to pieces tonight and God delivered him. But did you know he was only delivered temporarily? He fell at brother Bram's feet. They took him off the stage, the policeman. But he says he goes back to that because he worships that spirit. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; I can tell you as sons of God tonight, daughters of God, God is not interested in a temporary deliverance for you. He's inter interested in a complete deliverance. &gt;&gt; And that's comes as we learn how important our confession and our open book is before God. I have nothing to hide. &gt;&gt; I'm an open book before him. Praise the Lord. Well, it's been good to be in the word tonight. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. It's been good to be in the house of God. Praise the Lord. I love it. I love it. I'm learning a lot. Can we stand together and pray together? Amen. Heavenly Father, you are so good to us. And Lord, it's not any different than when you were here 2,000 years ago. Sometimes we say, "I wish I was back then." But your manner and your the way that you are, you act the same way tonight. And Lord, you if you were in your body there, Jesus of Nazareth, that body, you'd speak to us the same way tonight. No doubt. Because it's Jesus still speaking to us. Maybe he has a suit on. Maybe he's a different form, but it's still your nature, Lord, to teach your sons, even David, who made such a huge mistake. You you drew him aside, Lord. You didn't want to embarrass him as such, but you drew him aside. Said, "You've got to address this thing. you've got to you got to confess this. And Nathan waited until David confessed and then went into repentance. We find his repentance in Psalms 51 as he repented before God and said, "Lord, purged me with hissup. Help me never to do that again. Lord, build the walls of Jerusalem. Lord, it was a complete repentance when he owned up to everything that he had done." And Lord, then his kingdom went on in such a wonderful way. And Lord, we have our little domains and our little kingdoms, our homes and our lives, Lord. And the responsibilities you've placed over us. And in any moment, if we start to hide a private sin, it can be taken away from us. Homes can be broken up. Churches can be broken up. Lord, at any moment, Satan could get in and with lies and destroy the unity of a church at any moment. He's waiting in the wings to do it. But Lord, I pray that you'll put up the the walls of Jerusalem for us tonight. Lord, I pray as we confess to you that we're wrong and you're right. I pray, Father, that you go to the very depths of our spirit and that we would just trust you to say, "God, I'm wrong and you're right. God, take out of me any desire that's not of you. Take out of me any desire to hide from you, Lord. I'm not we're not hiding anything from you. But the very fact that we would pretend we could hide it from you and could hide it from others. Forgive us, Lord, of that. Purge us, Lord. Cleanse us, Lord. If we live in the light, as promised in First John here, if we walk in that light, we're willing to be an open book. We're willing for that light to shine so deep in us, then we have real fellowship and real friendship and real godly connections with the body. And then Lord, the blood cleanses us from all sin. Lord, thank you for your word tonight. Thank you for loving us this way. And I pray, Lord, it wouldn't be just a intellectual moment, Lord, that our hearts be moved in a deep way, Father, to give you number one place in our lives. May we be sold out, Lord, 110%. May when you look at our heart, we believe, there's not a hesitation. We believe with all of our heart, soul, mind, and strength. That's the way you said to love you. Love me with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength. And that means everything that we are. Thank you, Jesus. And we pray there'll be many fruits come from this service tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you tonight. Let's sing a couple courses. Jesus I love you Lord and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul rejoice take joy my king [Music] in what you hear. [Music] May it be a sweet, oh Lord Jesus, sound in your ear. Oh, thank you, Lord. I love you, Lord. [Music] And I lift my voice, oh to worship, [Music] oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king. [Music] in what you need. May be a sweet sweet [Music] in your ear. [Music] Listen to my heart. [Music] Fill my spirit. See flows from those you have redeemed. We will use the words you know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of your love. Listen to our just one more time on the course. Listen to our heart. Hear our spirit sing from the depths of our hearts. Lord, praise the Lord. Lord, you have thanks for tonight. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. God bless you. You're dismissed tonight in Jesus name. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirits sing. Praise the Lord. know you have redeemed. He will use the words we know to tell you. Awesome God you love. Words are not for listen to all. Verse one, how do you explain [Music] How can you destroy a love that [Music] deep as it? [Applause] [Music] Yes, you know [Music] love we [Music] long for you here. Yes. Yes. Lord our hearts. Heal our spirits. Oh Jesus. We love you. I know what you show us and how you love us, Lord. Oh God, I pray it be an open world before you before your people. [Music] Oh Jesus, Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Oh Jesus. We need you, Lord. [Music] If words could fall, I pray [Music] from these lips of a I still listen to my heart every sing [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Jesus. [Music] So God, [Music] I love you, Lord. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Let praise be in our lips, Lord. Jesus, blessed Savior, is worthy to be praised. Come on and praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Let the high praises of God be upon our lips. Oh Jesus, blessed Savior. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh Jesus, blessed savior. He's worthy. One more time from the rising of the sun. [Music] Let your praise be on. He's so worthy. Yeah. [Music] Praise. Oh Jesus. Blessed Savior. [Music] Amen. Psalms 19. Let the words of my mouth [Music] and then you have that one. Sister Genie, I meant to sing this on Sunday. Let the words of my mouth, [Music] the expectation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight. Lord, my strength and my redeemer. More to be desired are they than gold, yay, than much fine gold. Sweeter also than honey and the honey cold. Psalms 19:14. Let the words of my mouth, the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. Verse 10. More to be desired are they than he that much. [Music] Sweeter also than honey [Music] and the law of the Lord. The law of the Lord. Number seven, perfect converting the soul. [Music] The testimony of the Lord Yeshu, [Music] making wise and simple more to be desired. [Music] Yeah, as much [Music] sweeter also than [Music] the honey cold. One more. The statues of the Lord are rising, rejoicing the heart. The commandment of the Lord is true. Enlighten me. [Music] Oh, sweeter ocean than the honey. Oh, more to me. More to you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music]
