################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-24 - 2025.09.24 - Paul LaFontaine - God Filling Man's Deepest Thirst - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-24
Title:    2025.09.24 - Paul LaFontaine - God Filling Man's Deepest Thirst
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAsGs12ScH0
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
4:05 Opening Prayer
5:40 Preservice Worship
22:07 Preservice
24:12 Sermon
1:37:43 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
maker. [Music] I have a maker. He formed my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. Sing it with all your heart tonight. He knows. He knows my name. [Music] And he knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. I have a father. Hallelujah. Oh, I have a father. Thank you, Lord. And he calls me his own. [Music] He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, for he knows and he knows my name and he knows my every thought. [Music] And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears of me when I call. [Music] There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. [Music] Nothing like the presence. [Music] Nothing like the presence. [Music] Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence tonight. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Oh, freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, freedom in the presence. All of you believe it tonight. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. I'm freezing out and I'm free in his presence. I am here. I for [Music] change forever his presence. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise to the Lord. We're free in his presence tonight. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Ask the Lord to bless our service tonight, dear heavenly father. Lord, we're honored to be here again, God, in this place, God. And there is true liberty. There's true freedom in your presence tonight, God. And from our hearts, Lord Jesus, Lord, we want to just sing that praise unto you, God, knowing, God, that you brought true liberty, God. You t brought true freedom from the slaves we once were. Lord, slaves to sin, Lord God. But Lord, through your pre precious blood tonight, God, we can lift our hands and we can shout, Lord Jesus, because you're a mighty conqueror, God. And you said, Lord, it is finished in the cross, Lord Jesus. So, we love you tonight, God. Lord, we just uh give ourselves tonight, God, and Lord, just to humble ourselves, Lord, asking you, God, just to anoint our ears, anoint our, Lord, our spiritual ears tonight that we may hear from you, God. Not Lord, a man, Lord Jesus, cuz uh Lord, a man will fail, Lord Jesus, who will fall, Lord, a man's words, but God, when we truly seek revelation from you, Lord Jesus, God, we know we can get somewhere, God, and take the next step with you, Lord God. Take control, Lord Jesus. If anyone Lord has needs, God, maybe sickness, Lord, at home, Lord Jesus, Lord, we just ask, Lord Jesus, you would go to them tonight, God. Lord, you're the you're the healer of all of our diseases tonight, Lord Jesus. And we claim that promise, Lord Jesus. Every one of them, Lord God. We love you, Lord. Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, God. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song tonight as we greet each other in the name of the Lord. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I'll have more than my share. I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful air. Oh, I'm rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my man just over in glory where I'm rightful there. Oh, I'm rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than I share. I'll be moving to my mountain just over in glory where I'm rightful. I'm rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my man over in glory where I'm a rightful heir. First verse. Oh, my father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. I believe I own one. I stand amazed to see his face knowing that I'm his son. I'm rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my man just over in glory where I'm a rightful heir. I have a guardian angel watching me. He'll go everywhere. But when I need my father in heaven up above, I pray just a simple prayer. Oh, I'm rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than I share. I'll be moving to my man just over in the glory where I'm a rightful heir. He's redeemed and forgiven me for all of my sins. Hallelujah. He took me in. He's building me a man beyond repair. Hallelujah. I'm a believer. I'm a rich in faith and hope in love. I got more than I share. I'll be moving to my man just over in glory where I'm rightful. I'm rich. Oh, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. I'll be moving to my mansion over in glory where I'm rightful air. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. See, as a son, when you're a young son, you know the true wealth is not in you don't have anything. Have you ever heard your dad tell you that? I bought you that. That's mine. No. But when you're an heir, when you're heir, all of what dad has, all of what your father has is all yours. Amen. All of his wealth is yours. Amen. And that's truly what God has given us. He gives everything to us. Amen. True peace, true joy, true freedom. Amen. It's all ours by his grace. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. [Music] You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. You are good. Oh, you are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Oh, you are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Sing that again tonight. You are good. Oh, you are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Oh, you are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Jehovah, you are the most high. Jehovah, you are the most high God. Jehovah, you are the most high. Hallelujah. Jehovah, you are the most high. Jehovah, Jehovah, Jehovah, [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah, you are good. Oh, you are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. And you are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Sing that again. Tell him he's good. You are good. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Halleluah. You are good and your mercy is forever. Hallelujah. Oh je, you are the most high. Jehovah, you are the most high God. Jehovah, you are the most high. Oh, you are the most high. Oh, you Oh, [Music] last time to [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. You're a good Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Amen. If you kept going, I would have said, "When you see me dance, I dance like a man." Now, the first time I heard this, I'm not going to sing it tonight. I'm going to let Michael, can you sing that again for us sometime? But when I first heard it, I thought they were saying, "When you see me dance, I dance like a little minnow." So, I was doing this when they were doing it. And but then I kept hearing it. Oh, winner. A winner, man. Oh, then they really knew I was white. So, so we won't go into that one. No, I I was just listening to it today. Listen to that today. So, uh we are winners in Christ, aren't we? Praise the Lord. It's okay to laugh. Amen. Laughter to do with good like medicine. But that's what I heard. That's what I first heard. Praise the Lord. key of E flat tonight. Sing this one. Through all my trials and tribulations, they are pressing in on every side. And it seems like I just can't make it. And I've run out of strength to try. But we know that you're a God who is willing and able to deliver me from all my problems. I'm depending on you to see me through. No other help I know. Can we sing that again? Through all my trials. Oh, through all my trials and tribulation, they are pressing in on every side. And it seems like I just can't make it. Oh yes. And I've run out of strength to try. Oh, we know that you're a God who is willing and able. You know, to deliver me from all my problems. I'm depending on you to see me through. There's no other help I know. Sing it with all your heart tonight. And nobody but you, Lord. Nobody but you, Lord. You're somebody who can do what nobody else can do. Lord, even when I can't hardly pray. Hallelujah. You make a way when there is no way. Oh, somebody's calling on you. Anybody want you, nobody but Hallelujah. Sing that again. Nobody. Nobody but you, Lord. Nobody but you, Lord. You're somebody who can do what nobody else can do. Even when I can't hardly pray. Oh, you make a way where there is no way. Hallelujah. Somebody's calling on you. Anybody want you? Nobody. Can we all stand and sing that verse again? Oh, through all my trials. Oh, through all my trials and tribulations, they are pressing in on every side. Oh, and it seems like I just can't make it. And I've run out of strength to try. Oh, but you're a God who's willing and able. Oh, to deliver me from all my problems. Oh, I'm depending on you to see me through. There's no other nobody but you, Lord. Nobody but you, Lord. You're somebody who can do what nobody else can do. Lord, even when I can't hardly pray. Oh, you make a way where there is no way. Oh, somebody's calling on you. Anybody know you? Nobody. Somebody's calling on you. my son. Somebody's calling on you. Anybody want nobody but you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We're calling on you tonight, Lord. Thank you, God. Hallelujah. Praise God. As the prayer request will come tonight. Amen. Give F. We'll go to all of this song. Going to sing this one a little bit. Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] All hell I manuel. [Music] King of kings. The Lord of lords. Bright morning star. Yes, Lord. Oh, and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him [Music] and forever more. Oh, I will reign with him. Sing that again. All hell is you tonight. Oh hell in Jesus. All hell. Oh king of kings, the Lord of lords. Bright morning star. Yes, Lord. Oh, and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him. Oh, and forever more. Oh, [Music] beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect bless. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by. Your Holy Spirit teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my eyes through your eyes. I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Hallelujah. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Worship tonight. Sing it now. Lord, take me and hold me for you. [Music] I give my life into the father's hand and call me. You guide me and lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life into the potter's hand. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. May God just bring us into his potter's house tonight and mold us and make us into what he wants us to be. And uh when he does that, he just shows that he is a faithful God and that he's willing to continue to make us into the masterpiece that he's called us to be and what he's seen of us in his mind before the foundation of the world. And I'm so glad to put a trust in a God that way tonight. Praise the Lord. I'm really rejoicing in the testimony about the babies, Sister Lena's babies in the Quinland family. Um, I got some pictures of them uh earlier today and it is a real miracle. Uh, they're preeis yet, but it's a miracle that they've turned out healthy, both of them. And that's been an answer of prayer. I was really interceding for them and some other needs in the church here in the sanctuary. I think I was in here uh yesterday uh studying all day and I just come in and had a wonderful time with the Lord here in the sanctuary and took some very urgent needs here in the church and that was one of them. So I'm rejoicing the Lord answered and gave sister Elena her babies and I pray God will watch over them now and as they just move out of this preemy state and may God be with them and praying for the other needs as well in rap and rap and leth being mentioned I think it is their anniversary today so if you're listening happy anniversary to brother Rap leth God bless you both on this day what a weekend we had what a Sunday it wasn't a weekend it was one day we did a whole weekend in one day and It was uh glorious and we're looking forward to getting those available. They're already on your church telegram and also the powerpoints are there too and you're welcome to go back through those and study those for the family and we'll be adding brother Steve Brassan's on a special page now to be able to go to and send your friends and anyone who's interested in all the teachings. Years ago I did a whole I don't know 10 weeks or something on blessed families and broke down some things. So, we'll put all those in one resource and you'll be able to explore the different subjects related to the family. Praise the Lord. If you turn in your Bibles tonight to Psalms 42, we'll read a portion of scripture together and break bread together tonight. Thanks for coming out and thanks for listening in. And I know the Lord always has something in mind for us. Psalms chapter 42. We ask for your prayers, too, as we minister at the men's meeting in Tennessee this weekend. A couple services. That's always a special time. I didn't get to go last year and we'll be contributing to a couple of the services, but we're looking forward to that. So, we ask for your prayers. Brother Boaz Romero will be carrying the word of the Lord here at home. Psalms chapter 42 and verse one. As the heart or the deer panteth after the waterbrooks, so pantth my soul after thee, oh God, my soul thirsteth for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, "Where is thy God?" When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me. For I had gone with the multitude. I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holy day. It's interesting that David is saying here, I was going to church. I was attending and uh the voice of joy and praise and I was attending with my friends the house of God. And yet he's still speaking of an earnest thirst within himself for more of God. So just because we're coming to church doesn't necessarily mean it's always filling the full thirst for God. It has to be an everyday affair. Has to be always going to the fountain for him to fill that void. Because David's going to church here and yet he still has this yearning. Verse six. Oh my God, my soul is cast down within me. Therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan of the Hmonites and from the hill Mazar. Deep calleth unto the deep. How many remember brother Brandon referring to this in a couple services and also the film that we have and him ministering on this subject deep calleth unto the deep. That statement right there says so much in it. There's a deep when there's a deep calling there's a deep to respond. If there's something deep within us, God put that in there. And if he we have a thirst within us that's deep, then God also provided the place for that to get quenched. Isn't that wonderful? So when there's a deep calling out for something, then there's something uh deep to respond to it. Deep calleth under the deep, but the noise of thy water spouts. All thy waves and thy billows are gone over me. Yet the Lord will command his loving kindness in the daytime and in the night his song shall be with me and my prayer unto the God of my life. May the Lord adds blessings to the word tonight. God bless you. You may be seated. There's a couple of messages in 1965 that I encourage you to listen to and u I believe that they're prophetic of the age that we live in and I'm going to be speaking a little bit out of those tonight and also some other things. But those two messages from the prophet are in 1965 and one's called broken sistns and one is called the message thirst. So I've been uh studying those a little bit. Encourage you to look at them. And I believe that these two messages are very prophetic of the times we live in. They're very instructive. There is great revelation in here for the sons of God. And through the a couple these both both these messages I believe the sons of God at the end time uh gain a a deeper revelation of some deeper things that we wouldn't have known as deeply before and what is that is that we learn the nature of the age in the first sermon broken sistrance we learn the the nature of the age and that is we have a bunch of replacement things uh brought by Satan that are places to drink from but they are broken sisters. So, it's it's showing the age that we live in that never have we lived in a time that Satan has provided alternative places to go and drink with thirst that we have within us. They're broken sistns. They don't hold water. He talked about the wiggle being in them. It's not fresh from coming from something deep. It's man-made. It's been comes off the water off the top of the barn. And yet, can you imagine somebody drinking from that? We know the animals would. But when someone that's all they have to go to, then the whole scenario and the word picture he gives us is this. This is what mankind has begun to drink from is brokenists full of just trash and full of junk in it and wiggle tales as he says and all these other things. So he is just showing the nature of the age. And then I believe in the next service thirst, it's showing how we are made as humans and also as sons of God. And that is that we have Godgiven thirst within us that is meant to be filled and quenched by God. And he goes into such description of thirst. One of the things I've learned from that message when I was a young man is that many of the thirsts that's within us that are even natural thirst, thirst for fellowship, thirst for joy, we'll mention a few of them here in a minute, thirst to be married, thirst all the all these are pure pure thirst. uh they're not perverted until Satan takes you to a perverted place to fill them. But but we as human beings both spiritually, naturally, and emotionally have thirst, God godgiven pure thirst within us. And they're not impure until we take them to the wrong place. So uh that message thirst is is just summing up in what it is. The first one the broken sistns is to show the nature of the age that we have many broken sistns. The next one thirst is really to show how we as human beings are made up and how we as sons of God are made up. The nature of the age is to provide all kinds of alternative fountains to quench our thirst. Even our god-given thirst, Satan has alternatives to fill a god-given thirst. Broken sistrance reveals this. And then our nature and the way God has made us is revealed. And it reveals to us that there are certain thirsts within us. And I pray that everybody's listening. There are certain God-given thirsts within us that are only to be filled by God and his fountains that he gave us to drink from. And every time we compromise and try to fill a God-given thirst somewhere else, we always get in trouble. &gt;&gt; And so this is this is greatly revealing. Maybe you're sitting here saying tonight, "Well, I've already heard this before." Well, just hang on a little bit because you might hear it just a little bit different than you've heard it before and it would be able to help you because this is the sum of it is that God fulfills man's deepest thirst within him. And if we don't understand, sometimes we end up in uh trouble in life and there things happening and we often try to blame other people for it or try to figure out the problem. And you'll find most things that happen that are troubling or most things that happen and we blame other people, it's actually the real need is that we have something deep within us, some need that we have that's not being met. &gt;&gt; And we're trying to figure out why am I acting this way? Why did I do this? Why did I make this mistake? And a lot of times there's a deep thirst that's not being quenched in God. And you tried to fulfill it somewhere else, but we're always trying to come up with the answers. this happened and this person did me wrong and this person and we're always trying to but most of the time if we'll grow up we realize we have to be aware that God puts within us deep thirst and when deep thirst are not being met it runs into trouble in our lives and so so there's God-given thirst within us both natural and spiritual and they are pure these I'm just going over the things that we learn uh in the basics of some of these services we have uh god-given and thirst within us. Both natural thirst and spiritual thirst and they are pure. They are physical, they are emotional, uh they are spiritual needs and they are needs that are within us. And then now there's levels of these thirsts. Some are more surface thirst and some are more obvious, but some of those thirsts within us are deeper and they're not more obvious and they're harder to detect. Some are surface needs, but some are deep needs. Everybody understand? And it takes a while to listen to the warning signs of deeper needs that are within us. It's easy to catch the ones that are just surface and the uh uh uh uh things that are more obvious. For example, and I'm going to be real basic for everybody here tonight for even a child can understand it. Uh a basic need for the body for for anybody's body is to be cleaned, to take a bath. Uh that's a basic need. And if you ignore that long enough, u there's problems that would come from not taking a bath. This is real basic teaching here tonight. And that is you have a need. There's a there's a need for your body to be cleaned. Uh my teeth need to be cleaned. Uh every day we need to brush our teeth. I tell my granddaughter that. I try to live by that myself. And the thing is is that if if I ignored that, uh, if I ignored that thing that I'm supposed to do every day, uh, well, they always taught us as kids, you know, if you ignore your teeth, they'll go away. How many's ever heard that before? So that's what the dentist tells you. If you ignore your teeth, they'll go away. And that's actually tied to what Brother Bram says because he said, if you ignore a thirst long enough, then it then you don't have it as strong anymore. &gt;&gt; Surely &gt;&gt; because you just ignored it. You you pushed it off. So going in the basic surface needs here. Uh my teeth need to be clean and if I ignore it, it's so surface that everyone else would eventually pick up on the fact the guy hasn't brushed his teeth and his breath is terrible. My wife would be the first one to alert me to the fact that that need was not being met. But everybody else, so that's why I'm saying some things are so surface you can see them. And if you ignore them, everybody else is going to pick up on it. Everybody else is going to smell your breath. Everybody else is going to it's going to be an easy conclusion. There's a need here. Hello. Brush your teeth, please. Or I'm not going to want to be around you very much. Please go brush your teeth. That's very basic. We we start to we start to realize some things are surface. And if if if you don't meet those things, some needs become obvious and the warning signs become obvious. A a simple example of that would be something more easy to detect would be you become hungry. And that's a that's something within us. You start to get hungry. People react to getting hungry in different ways, but but it's easy to detect. You you you're having uh you're just I got to eat, you know, I got to eat. And there's some people who become angry. I won't say who that is. They get irritated. And all these warning signs start to come. And brother Brandham used the term alarms in the thirst message. He says that these are natural alarms within us that start to be when you don't eat or you don't drink something. So these are physical. They're surface and they're pretty obvious when the alarm starts to go off and you've got to meet that need. You've got to meet that thirst. You've got to get something to eat. Unless the Lord has led you to a fast and that's a different thing. But you you're the you're going to go because it's there's an alarm going off. you're getting hungry and you you've got to eat something. But so you have those surface things, but then there are some thirst and some needs that are so deep within our spirit, in our soul, they're harder to detect and and and they're harder to know sometimes what you need for it and when you need it. So can I say that again? Deeper needs and thirst within us are harder to detect. And also, it's hard to detect what you need for that. And this is where Satan gets us. Because if you don't know what you need, if you don't know what's given for that thirst from God, you become vulnerable to Satan because he's going to present to you a broken sister, some alternative to drink from to meet that need because you don't know what you even need or when you need it. But there are some deep as as David is speaking about this deep calleth into the deep. He's even saying I'm going to church and praising God. But there's something deeper. I want a living God. I want something more than just church. There's something so deep that he actually says the deep calleth unto the deep the noise of thy water spouts. You know what he's saying? He said there's some there's some fountains that I can hear in the distance. There's water spouts and that which is in in me, God has provided some water, some some fountains and I'm hearing the thunder. When he says, "At the noise of thy water spouts, I'm hearing the thunder of the falls. I'm hearing the thunder, but I can't get to them yet. But I've got to take this thirst and I'm hearing the sound. I've got to get there because the deep is calling unto the deep." In other words, you're going to have to bring that together and quench that deep with what God's provided in that. And if it doesn't happen, we're in trouble. &gt;&gt; But it's it's something that David is saying that it's beyond just going to church. There is a depth within me for God. And whenever we have, that's why I love the song lately, take me deeper, because that's what my desire is. Take me deeper. And one of the ways to go deeper is to recognize how deep a son of God's um thirst for God goes. Don't ever cap off God. Don't never don't never plateau. Don't never say, "I'm good." Your thirst goes deeper than that. If you're a son and daughter of God, you say, "Well, I'm fine. I'm fine." You know, I'm I'm good. And I think it's good to rejoice in where you're at, but never say, "I'm finished. I'm done. I look good to everybody. I'm wearing the right clothes. No, no, no, no. Our thirst goes deeper than that. There's more of God for you. There's a deeper calling to the deep. And you've got to address that deeper thing so that you can grow deeper. You've got to address that. You can't ignore a deeper thirst. You can't cover it over reli with religion. You can't cover it over by being a message girl or a message guy. No, this is David is not talking about putting it on on the outside. He's not talking about going to church. He's saying, "I've got something deeper in here and it's a thirst for the living God and I'm even with my friends and they can't even meet that need, but God can meet it." Because if I have a deep within the deep, there's a deep to respond. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If you have it, there's a God that can fulfill it. &gt;&gt; And don't stop searching until you find it. &gt;&gt; Praise God. So if you're hungry, that's an obvious thing. But the deep things in our spirit and soul, they're harder to detect, harder to know what you need, harder to know when you need it, and what is needed to quench that need. And the prophet mentioned the different thirsts. And here they are. And these are all natural natural things. They're not they're not immoral. They're not uh bad. They're they're pure. He mentioned that we we have a thirst for success to be successful. Now how many people with that thirst in the world are trying to drink from another fountain to get success other than God? &gt;&gt; God said to Joshua, you follow these precepts. The first chapter, first verse, you follow me. He says, and I'll give you good success. He didn't say, I'll give you success. He said, "I'll give you good success." In God is good success. In the world is just success. But you have a thirst for success. &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful? And God gave you that thirst to succeed. &gt;&gt; We can uh preach against it, but you'd be preaching against who God made us. We're made as a people that has a thirst for success. He says he says you have a thirst for fellowship. He goes right into someone wanting to be married and he says it's not unnatural for a young man and a young woman to fall in love and be attracted to one another and want to marry one another. He says that's a that's a thirst for that fellowship, that kind of fellowship, that marriage fellowship. It's something it's not impure. It's not wrong. It's a pure thirst God puts within every human being. And those of us who are married tonight can testify and say, "I had that thirst. God quenched that thirst with the right person. And I'm happily living in contentment with that. I'm enjoying that because that thirst was met in God. &gt;&gt; But we also have a thirst for fellowship with every all the other pe uh the not just being married but others as well. We have a thirst for friendship. He says we have a thirst for fellowship. Then he goes on to say as a young kid he was kind of you know pushed aside. He didn't have any friends. He was made fun of and all these other things. So he had this craving for friends. Then as he grew, he says, "My friendship." He said, "My friend," he said, "I found that thirst to be fulfilled in the friendship with my Lord." God filled it first, but then God gave brother Brandham friends around the world. God knows how to fill that thirst for wanting friends. Now you're vulnerable if you have that thirst. And all of a sudden, now you teenagers listen, you have a thirst for friends. Watch Satan. If you don't get the right ones, he'll provide the wrong ones. &gt;&gt; So, your thirst is pure, but you went for the wrong kind of friends. You see, there he is right there at a young age taking your thirst, abusing those thirsts, redirecting you a wrong way to fulfill a God-given desire for friends. You should have friends. You should have fellowship. You should get married. Praise the Lord. I should have had an amen for that. He says it's in within women's is a thirst for beauty. Not in men, but women have a thirst, a god-given thirst. It's it's a it's actually a natural, it's not impure, a thirst for beauty and a a thirst to be pretty. That is a pure, God-given thirst within a woman. She wants to be pretty. And actually, she likes to hear that she's pretty, but even that needs to come from the right person. &gt;&gt; You see how how that works? Here's a woman. She's got a natural God-given thirst to want to be pretty and want to be uh acknowledged that she's pretty by her daddy and by her husband. So, you see what I'm saying? Now, she's got the thirst. And God's going to fulfill that thirst and quench that thirst to want to be pretty and be acknowledged that she's pretty by God-given men, God-given husbands, fathers, and God himself will give you the the asurances you need. But if a woman, if she doesn't have much of that from daddy or have much of it from her husband, she becomes vulnerable to somebody else quenching that thirst that she's pretty to somebody, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; She'll give her virginity to somebody at a young age because somebody was saying the right words and said, "I like you. You're beautiful. You're you're you're quite the Oh, and she and so now a god-given thirst becomes perverted &gt;&gt; because Satan provided someone else to quench that thirst. &gt;&gt; But the thirst to be pretty is not a wrong thing in a woman. It's not in a man. Thank God. Shouldn't be. You don't don't spend an hour on your hair. You shouldn't, brothers. But but the women do. You know, the bathroom's quite a mess after they get done. you know, it's everything's out and it's a it's a great project that happens in the bathroom and just leave them alone. You know, that's they do things uh you know, they do things different. News flash, women are different than men, right? And they think different and they do think and and and brothers, don't argue with women's choices because you were one of them. She has a thirst to be pretty and to receive attention for being pretty. That should come from the right fountains. It's all natural. He says, "A thirst for joy, a thirst for happiness, and a thirst for friendship." God, listen now. God not only put these things within us, but provides also Godgiven fountains to quench all of those thirst, both natural, spiritual, emotional. I want you to look at it like it's not just God provides the Holy Ghost for your soul, but I'm going to read you a scripture in a minute. He provides fountains to drink from for all of your thirst that are pure. And once we drink from a different one, we start getting in trouble. &gt;&gt; God is so great. He not only gives you the thirst, but he gives you a place to go drink that's pure as well &gt;&gt; that you can find. What do you think? What do you What happens when you go take a a fresh drink of water from a from a pure source when you're thirsty? What happens? Oh, contentment, satisfaction, joy sets in. That tasted so good. And there's no wiggle tails in it. There's it's not it's pure water. That's why a lot of us in this generation are drinking uh pure water. In other words, we're drinking bottled water because it's because it's it's not like going out here. We don't trust the city water even. There's all kinds of chemicals in it, right? And so now we'll do that. We'll buy a bunch of bottled water, but then we'll in our spirit or emotions go to other fountains to drink from. &gt;&gt; But all the contentment that you take that drink when you're in school and you were so hot and you went to that water fountain. My dad used to say about lukewarmness. He says there's nothing worse when you're hot and taking a drink and it's lukewarm water and you do what Jesus did in Revelations 3. You spill it out. &gt;&gt; You'd rather have hot water. God says, "I'd rather have hot or or cold." But when you're thirsty and you go to that fountain and it's pure, clean, cold water, it just feels good. And I'm here to tell you as believers, there is a deep satisfaction and contentment in your life. Maybe you even haven't found as much yet when you start turning to God's fountains to quench all of your thirst. So, Satan has alternatives that he's formed to drink from. Um, and notice in broken sistns, the whole thing of a a sister or broken system is that they're not deep. They're shallow. They're temporary. They're contaminated because they're shallow. They have terrible effects if you drink from them. Why? They are not God-given places to drink. It's man-made. In order for Satan to develop other sources, and this is another part I want to get into here, in order for Satan to develop other sources to fill our God-given thirst and make them very appealing for you to go to drink from, he would have to understand a man and a woman quite a bit and how we tick and how we're made up. He would have to understand us pretty well in order to provide something so appealing for someone to go drink from another fountain. He would have to be very good. And a matter of fact, I'll say it this way. He he he would Satan has become a master at the study of the human being and the particular needs of a man and a woman. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Satan has has a a master's degree in studying the human being. How many years does he have behind his degree? 6,000. Right? &gt;&gt; I've never heard of a 6,000-year degree, but that's what Satan has in studying human beings, how they tick, what makes what's their weaknesses, what what makes them fall, because that's his whole purpose, right? For you to turn from God's fountains and the Holy Ghost and all that and and accept something else. This is just as good. And so, that's his whole purpose. So, in doing that, he's got to study the human being. And not only does he has he studied the human being and how he works and how she works for 6,000 years, he has studied you. &gt;&gt; Particularly you since you were born. &gt;&gt; You all know that, right? Satan's not a dummy. Well, in a lot of ways he is, but you all know he's studied you, Solomon, Joseph, Ryan. He's studied you since you were born. And he's watched you. And he's watched when you're down. He's watched what brings what brings you when you're up, what brings you up, what brings you down, what arouses you, what makes you depressed. &gt;&gt; Okay? He studied all this. He's It's just like Brother Bram said about a boxer. He don't just come in as somebody you don't know. He has studied that opponent with videos. He has watched all of his hits, all of his strikes, where his weak spots are. He studies him before that boxing day. And our enemy has studied us. The problem I have is we don't study the tactics of the enemy. And we don't study ourselves enough either. So I might say that Satan in some ways knows us better than we know ourselves. And maybe that's why we fall and make mistakes. Maybe that's why we're susceptible to temptation because he knows us maybe better than we know ourselves. &gt;&gt; I'm not talking about knowing ourselves in the word. I'm talking about knowing ourselves in the word, who we are in Christ, but also knowing ourselves, our background, where we came from, how we tick, our ups, our downs, what what makes us happy, what makes us sad. uh if we haven't looked at ourselves as a human being, we are going to become a target to Satan because he has truly studied you and he's still in study with some of you. He's still studying you, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. It's good thing I'm excited about the subject here tonight cuz you're awful quiet. So, you know what? I'm going to give the devil a black eye tonight and you can respond or not, but I'm Is anybody in getting something out of what we're saying tonight? This is a an extremely important subject and David introduced it to us because there is a depth of a thirst within us and and and and God is standing there ready to fulfill and quench those thirst. I've seen families that are so and marriages so content, so happy and they do not need to turn to any other source to find that contentment. They're content. &gt;&gt; You know, contentment is a great commodity. It's a great priceless thing today because we have stuff flashed in front of us all the time that makes our life, you know, on social media I've said your life is just just crud. It's just nothing. You don't have nothing. Your vacations are, you know, but you look in there, oh, wow. Everything everybody has more things. Everybody's better than you. Everybody's made more money. And all of a sudden, that's why the depression rates go up. Especially in teenage girls, the depression rates go way up. And a lot of it is that I I'm not as pretty as them. I don't have what they have. I don't have as much money as they have. I can't go to the places that they have. And I can't even cook as good as they're cooking online. So, you know, this it it happens that way. and and and it h it it appeals to a certain thing and and we we have within us the way that we're made, but Satan is good at studying us and knowing us and knowing what causes us to fall and what causes us to look to something else to fulfill. Nothing like seeing a satisfied family, a satisfied marriage, contentment, uh just so just quenching their thirst, a husband and wife with one another, just quenching that thirst. There is no other fountain that they drink from than one another. Can I get an amen? And a Christian who's he doesn't need to be dabbling in the things of the world to meet all kinds of cravings within them. They've become content and satisfied. What the joy of the Lord is. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You know, I've told you about that farmer who had a beautiful farmhouse, beautiful place, and he just said he kind of got tired of taking care of it, and he said, "I want a new place." And called the realtor, set up a time. She went through the house said, "All right." And she went and made the the ad and the ad came in the paper for his farmhouse. He wanted to sell it. He was going to do something different. And here's the ad. And I'm a realtor, so I know, you know, you just beautiful fivebedroom, two-story farmhouse, surrounding porch, beautiful big barns, beautiful 10 acres. It goes on and on and on. and the farmer's reading it and he picks up the phone, calls the realtor and says, "Forget it. I'm not selling. I've been looking for a place like that all my life." What happened to him? He just become discontent with what God had given him. God had blessed him. You see, and that's Satan working in the realms of discontent to cause us to go drink from another fountain and not be happy with what God has given us. I've seen people completely content and happy in the Lord and the revelation that God's given them because that's a great price. How many knows that you can't put a price tag on the revelation God's given you in your soul? But I've seen people that way and God did bless their life later financially in every way. Why? Because God looked at him and said they're happy with their their low wage. They're just paying their tithe serving the Lord, but they're content about it. And God likes to see people content like that and happy like that because when he can you can be uh faithful over little then you can be trusted over more. &gt;&gt; He likes to see our attitude about it to to be a content attitude. &gt;&gt; Paul said I found in my life now that whatsoever state I find myself in I'm content. &gt;&gt; Wow. Help us Lord. So, uh, Satan understands I'm just going to say some more about this. I would venture to say that Satan understands the physiology and the psychology, the the very cells of how the brain and how the body works and the psychology, the behavior of man. You know, 6,000 years of study and he has studied it. But that's not a good thing because that means that he could have the upper edge on us sometimes. He studied you. He knows man. He knows women. And he knows you. He has studied you personally and how you work, how you tick. I've said some of these things already, but I want to say it again because he knows what attracts you. He knows what your past is. He knows how your past is affecting you. Satan knows how your past is affecting you. And he capitalizes on that because maybe if there's unconfessed sin or maybe it's not unconfessed sin, maybe it's just a hurt or trauma there that's hurting your spirit. Satan knows what's happening and he's going to capize and continue to use it for bondage, to use it to hurt you, to use it to turn to other things. You see, and so Satan knows you. He knows your triggers. He knows your mistakes in life. He has a file on you &gt;&gt; with your name on it. He's kept a file. And every once in a while, he gets it out. He studies the entire file because he says, "This week, I'm going to come and I'm going to bring a temptation for Michael and I'm going to make it specific. But before I do, I'm going to go through his file and look at him from the very beginning. All of his hurts, all of his pains, all of his victories, all of his defeats, all of his trauma of his all like his ups and downs, what makes him depressed. I'm going to study the whole file before I present something this week to him. He studies it. He knows how to use it. Problem is, saints is that we tend to stay ignorant about ourselves. We had some sexual temptation classes here for the brothers, learning from the scripture how to overcome sexual temptation. Had a little criticism for it from a couple other churches. And uh I guess I can say this, you know, it's just us tonight, but I I didn't quite understand why we couldn't have classes helping to teach the men the word of God and the power of the Holy Ghost to overcome these things. I didn't know why they stumbled at classes because I know brother Brandham as a young pastor met with his teenagers and he says, "I had classes to teach them about sex and things." So, you know, we did this. But I I remember um one of the points I made to the brothers, it was this point I'm making to you tonight is that Satan has studied us and studied the human male for all these years, he knows how to tempt a man. &gt;&gt; But I said, "Is it amazing if we don't do our homework to study ourselves and how a man's brain is and they say, "Oh, that's all. We don't have to do that. We don't." Well, the battle of is in the mind. And Satan knows it's in the mind. And he knows how the mind works. I could go through the science tonight and tell you how the mind works because I've studied and see. And Satan knows how the mind works to trap a man in pornography or any other sexual temptation or the temptation of success or whatever it is. He knows how the brain works and he has studied it. But if he's studied it and we haven't, oh, I don't I got everything I need. I'm fine. We're being ignorant to how God has made us. And I believe in the message thirst. Brother Brandham's trying to say God has given us these thirsts. They come from God, but watch out for the enemy because going to he's going to pervert that pure f thirst. &gt;&gt; I believe we should study it. I believe we should understand ourselves. I believe at in the about middle age and maybe that's why men have mid-ag crisis is because if they weren't as much a success as what they thought they should be they start crashing and they have a midlife crisis and they start buying big toys and they start you know buying Vespas and you know they just go off the rail a little bit and so because but maybe it's because okay I failed and when a man a man a man gets his credibility a lot of times from the things he's accomplishing. That's why he likes to hear affirmations from the wives and and a compliment from the wife. I appreciate what you're doing. You're a hard worker. You're providing for the family. You give that constant praise to a man. I mean, he just he loves it because it's feeding something within him. There's something about him that likes that. But he if he ends up failing, something fails, his spirit gets very low. And most of the time, he hides it. He don't tell everybody. And a man is in a dangerous spot when his spirit gets low. &gt;&gt; He's vulnerable to temptation and the enemy &gt;&gt; because Satan h he's depressed. &gt;&gt; He's low. Look what happened in his life and that thing failed. That business venture failed and he's feeling like a failure. And then he goes through maybe that's why some of the midlife is there is because it didn't turn out. Life didn't turn out the way that he planned or the way that he wanted it. And it's like now I'm in life now. Do I start over again? What do I do? Oh my goodness. And it's just his head's in a tail spin and he's he don't he don't he don't know what to do. And you know what, brothers, sisters, God understands midlife as well. God understands menopause because the prophet talked about it. He talked about it openly about his wife and about his daughter and when they went through certain things that a that a man doesn't go through quite that way. He had to understand he said brothers that's when you got to really be a real friend to her and be loving to her sweet to her. She don't he doesn't understand what she's going through and she doesn't even understand all that she's going through. But it's okay. Just hold on to God. You'll get through it. life just is just go you know and so now we see that if we don't study ourselves sometimes we become ignorant of ourselves and listen Paul says in the Bible we are not to be ignorant of Satan's devices he clearly says it we are not ignorant of Satan's devices so if we're not ignorant of Satan's devices there's another thing I don't think we should be ignorant of and that's the way God made us the way God formed us the way God made us with our weaknesses and our strength if we don't study ourselves and look at the mirror and say hey you know this is the way God made me but I know he's also made made me to be an overcomer and uh that we minimize our weaknesses and we capitalize on our strengths we give our strengths to God and then perfect strength in God comes from perfect weakness when we learn to depend on him brother Steven remember years ago did a a thing at camp about minimizing our our weaknesses is and capitalizing on our strengths. It was a wonderful thing. But you realize in God there's even a a a great revelation that God's perfect strength can come from our weakness. &gt;&gt; So what are we doing? We're we're giving it all to God. Here I am. I am who I am. I think Paul said that I am what I am by the grace of God. God's made me this way, but I'm not going to let the devil take the weaknesses of what I am. and he abuses them to bring me low and make me fall to temptation. I'm not letting him do that. I understand where I'm at. I'm I understand I'm depressed today. And I actually know why I got depressed today. I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about you. Okay, I see what's going on. I I see where I'm at. I've seen this happen before. I see why I'm low today. But I'm not going to let the devil take it to another day. I'm bringing it back. I'm going to give him glory. And now I see how this happens, how I get here. but also I know how to get out of it. Can I get an amen tonight? This is this is where we live in the victory of God is that we got the devil's number. We understand ourselves. We understand the word of God. And we're not ignorant people. We're not ignorant of Satan's devices. &gt;&gt; We're not called to be ignorant of ourselves. We're not called to be ignorant of Satan's devices. We are called to understanding of ourselves. revelation of ourselves. You say, "Well, man, I'm I'm 70 years old and I haven't figured myself out." Well, it's a good time to start. &gt;&gt; Say, "God, help me to figure myself out." Quit comparing yourself with everybody else and they are a success. Stop looking at them. &gt;&gt; How has God made you? And how is the devil defeating you? &gt;&gt; Because you're always wanting to be someone else. God, this is who I am, but I'm no longer going to let Satan defeat me over it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; There was a scripture in 1 Chronicles 12 and verse 22. It speaks of the men of Issachar and they were men of understanding of their times. I believe that's the bride. We understand the times. We understand the culture we live in. Oh, I love to see young people rise up and they're young people of understanding. They're not duped by this society and and and social media. They're not duped by movies that trash their brain. They're not ignorant of Satan devices. They're rising this age. And they're young people of understanding. I know the age that I live on, live in. I know the country I live on. And I know the God who's going to make me an overcomer to this particular age. The men of Issachar were men of understanding of their times. &gt;&gt; That's powerful. &gt;&gt; In fact, I will remind Satan that in the last days is the days of the manifestation of the sons of God. &gt;&gt; This is the hour of the manifestation of the sons of God. That means they're finding their way back. Sons of God, they have an open book. It's a book of their identity. It's been handed to them. They have the answer to the devil's question. They have discovered who they are and they're rising as a mighty armor. Army. Can you say amen? All creation is waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. And we always think that's power and this and that and the other and power to do this. But you see the power comes. The power is not orchestrated. The power is because the manifestation means the revealing of the sons of God. Who's revealing? It's not just God revealing them. This is my sons. The sons are receiving a revelation of who they are. And when they get that revelation, when the bride recognizes who she really is, she'll take a rapture. Can I get an amen tonight? Satan, the sons are on their way back. &gt;&gt; There's Can you say amen, friends? We had a a a sinborn man in our generation create squirrels like Adam did. We had a sin-born man come to his place and he spoke to a little fishy and says, "Little fishy, I give your life back." What does that say? The manifestation of the sons of God. They're recognizing their position. &gt;&gt; Jesus wasn't sin born. Brother Brandham was. But look at the example we have. And it's saying to Satan, Satan, the sons are finding out who they are. &gt;&gt; They're not duped. They're not ignorant. They are finding out and they've got the upper edge on the enemy. How many days do you live with the other How many years have we live with the enemy with the upper edge on us because we don't understand ourselves? It's time that the people of God and the sons of God rise to the occasion with this open book before us and to say, "Satan, I know who I am. I know how God has made me. He's made me for a purpose. &gt;&gt; I am who I am. By the grace of God and my strengths and talents and even my weaknesses, God can turn it all around and he's going to get glory out of my life." Somebody ought to praise the Lord tonight. All creation is waiting for this hour. Positioned sons. They are overcoming like never before. Why? Recognizing the devil at every one of his tricks and recognizing that the God in them is greater than the God in this world. &gt;&gt; The days of the manifestation is the day of revealing and recognizing. Then the power comes with that. But the days of the manifestation of the sons of God is a day of revealing and recognizing by the sons. When problems rise in our life, as I said at the beginning, we look to why and maybe who to blame and why we're not happy. But now go into this thirst again. I got plenty of time. I'm watching the clock there. Go into this thirst again. We we look to why problems arise. Why this happened in my childhood? Why did this happen to have me? And we always trying to come up with the reasons and the blame and why are we're not happy. But most of the time things happen because there's a deep need within us that hasn't been met. &gt;&gt; I want you to chew on that. There's many surface things that come out, but a lot of times there's a need that has not been met in the Lord. And there's there's something there's a there's a need. And some of those needs are so deep even after you get married, that mate cannot fulfill that need. I'm going to marry that girl because you you got a certain need in your life and you're thinking that girl will meet that need. Well, she'll meet some needs. She'll meet some needs for fellowship, but if there's other deeper needs, that wife can't meet it. &gt;&gt; That husband can't meet it &gt;&gt; because why? It goes deeper than that. &gt;&gt; And the deepest of your need, God has a fountain for you to drink from. &gt;&gt; So God has made us relational beings. Someone said one time that the quality of life is in the quality of our relationships. God has made us relational beings. We're not robots. Uh we're not bots. We're not uh you know, we're not AI. We're real. &gt;&gt; And someone has said because God has made us relational beings, someone has said the quality of life is in the quality of relationships. Observation has proved in the thousands of years of human beings that someone can have all the best things of life and all the benefits of life and they're still not content and they're still not happy. &gt;&gt; And many times it's because the relationships aren't right. &gt;&gt; Everything's right, but the relationships didn't go right with God and with others. Solomon had all Solomon had everything. You read it there in Ecclesiastes, I believe it is. He had all riches, everything at his fingertips and he concluded all is vanity which means emptiness. Just that in itself, it's all emptiness. So those are you that are thinking say if I just had this if I could win that what is that lottery at now about um my nephew Stevie was teasing me about it and he said do you want to go in on it? you know, and I said, "No, I don't believe in that stuff." But he was teasing me about it's like 750 billion now or something like that. I don't know if anybody's won it yet, but you know, I see those people in the store, you know, paying the money, just getting that get and and they think that's that's going to be it. If I hit that, that's it. You know, a lot of those people still aren't happy after they have it. &gt;&gt; Solomon had it all. He said, "All is vanity." &gt;&gt; All is vanity and emptiness. If there's something inside not being quenched, our deepest needs are tied to connection and relationships &gt;&gt; with God and with people, &gt;&gt; not things. &gt;&gt; Food needs a surface need. Eating needs a surface need. A new truck mean may make a surface need. You know, is there a surface? But the deepest things are tied to relationship with God and relationship with one another. If that's not going well, if there's a wall up between you and God, if there's condemnation in your life and it's keeping you just like Adam and Eve, hiding in the bushes, hiding behind the fig fig leaves and just sin does that. Sin that's hidden, it makes you hide, &gt;&gt; right? And God still came out looking for them lovingly &gt;&gt; saying, "Come out here. We don't want to come out. We've sinned. Come out here. Take those fig leaves off." He throws a bloody skin of an animal to him. He said, "Cover yourselves up with ease. Come on out. Come out." It's God that's drawing us out. You know why he was drawing him out? He says, "I miss my relationship with you. Satan broke our fellowship. And God wants fellowship with you more than even we want it. He wants that more than anything. And he was willing to say, "I know you sinned. I know what the serpent did. I know this is this is this bad? This is really bad." Because the ripple effect would be for thousands of years. And yet at that moment, as brother Ron Spencer has said, when a third of the angels fell, there was there wasn't anything that happened. But when God's son fell, he's running towards him saying, "Adam, where are you?" &gt;&gt; Because he's not an angel. He's a son. &gt;&gt; He's a daughter. And he's standing there, come out of come out of those bushes. Come out of there. Throw this on your body. This is the covering I have for you. But come out here. I want fellowship with you again. Even back in the garden, he's finding a place of fellowship because he doesn't want our works. He doesn't want our fig leaf religion. He doesn't want us to smear on the message. He wants your fellowship. &gt;&gt; He'll take care of your sin, but he wants your fellowship. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. I can love a God like that so deeply because he knows my deepest need. He knows my deepest mistakes and he still calls us out. Our richest, most satisfying feelings in life will come from our filling, filling up our cup with good relationship. There are things that make us happy. But God designed us that good relationships gives us something even deeper than happiness, contentment, and peace. It's not just that things are good vertically. Sometimes people think I'm good vertically, but things need to be good horizontally. True. &gt;&gt; God doesn't doesn't come and say, "As long as you're good with me, you don't have to care about anybody else." No, no, no, no. We're a relational being. &gt;&gt; So, we work on love is hard work. &gt;&gt; We work on why? Because of the devil mainly and because our human nature gets in the way. But listen now, love is hard work. But God doesn't want us to bless as what was it James who said those who bless God and curse men. said, "No, that that's not right." Because if you're vertically right, you're going to be horizontally right. &gt;&gt; He wants to bring contentment and affect our marriages and our families so much. And Jesus said, "I come to give you life, and I come not just to give you life, but to give you life more abundant." &gt;&gt; Added to, "I come that your joys may be full." Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, we live in a an atmosphere around us that works against us. And we live in an atmosphere around us that works against the deep thirst that's within us. I just want to say that we live in a a culture and in a world and sometimes family life that's constantly working against the deep thirst that's within us to stop it, to to to not get it quenched. There's something within us. Satan is against the supernatural connection with God in man. When you have 6,000 years to form a world that is to replace and cut off the pure line from God for complete satisfaction and cut off a true oneness with God, it all turns into a deception of Eden, but it's Satan's Eden. Notice it's called an Eden, but it's Satan's Eden. &gt;&gt; We're at the climax of that. We're right in the middle of it. We live in a world of counterfeit happiness and joy. A devil that hates oneness. When Jesus said, "I and my father are one," they picked up stones get him, against him. The same hatred is uh brought by Satan today of anyone that's proclaiming, "I and my father are one or wanting to become one with him." He hates the effects of oneness in relationship. Satan hates it to this day because you know what that oneness does? You know what it did with Jesus when he said, "I and my father are one." It renders Satan powerless. &gt;&gt; Oneness renders Satan powerless. &gt;&gt; Put that one on your refrigerator this week. Oneness, true oneness, renders Satan powerless. Why? Because there's a bond. There's a glue so close and so tight Satan can't get in. &gt;&gt; He hates that. I tell you, I want to live a life where Satan's powerless. Satan keeps our relationship shallow, especially with God. Shallow, by the way, is the opposite of deep. You know that. So, Satan keeps our relationship even with God shallow. That's why he does it. to fight against real true oneness. God has made us that real true happiness comes from relationships being right without guilt without walls removing all fears. Not just with God but others as well. When there's a deep calling, there's a deep to respond and that means something weighed down deep within us. We're hearing David said, "I'm hearing the thunder and the noise of fountains from God. It's registering within me, but I've got to get there. I've got to get. That's why he said as the heart panteth after the water books. And brother Bram says when that deer is wounded, his only life is to get to that water cuz if he can drink, he can heal up. And so he runs towards the waterbrook. He's trying to find the water because he's been wounded. And if you don't find the water, he won't survive. This is what David says is a word picture to us is that that's how we need to crave God. When we're wounded, when we're depressed, we need to not turn to television and turn to books. We need to turn to our God. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Because he's the one that meets the deep calling to the deep. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. The inner feeling. Brother Brand brings this out in in deep call to the deep in not only the film, but the service that he several services he preached about it. And then he brings this up. There's a deeper longing. And he brings up, how many brings remember he brings up the boy craving sulfur? He was eating the bicycle pedals because there was that the rubber had sulfur in it and they couldn't figure it out. He had an individual craving. Maybe not everybody else would have it, but he had a craving for sulfur. It wasn't being quenched. He found it and that's why he was eating those bicycle petals or eating off of them. He talked about another woman that was craving onions or something in onions and she died. And when they studied her body, that's when they found out she was craving. She had never got to that element, whatever was in onions, and she died because of it. Not everyone was craving that. Not everyone is seeking uh the the same thing. But some of the people around David, they were content just to go to church and just to praise when they attended church. He was not totally content with that. I want the living God. I want something deeper. There's nothing worse than going to church or being in the message and living a dissatisfied family life or a dissatisfied life. David sought for something deeper. He thirsted for something more than just what happened at church, something beyond church. I enjoy what the pastor is saying and I get a lot out of that and I drink from it. I trust you are tonight. But the quality of the church does not stop at just being in church together. When there's a deep calling, there's a deep to respond. Praise the Lord. Now I see the time now. I have to skip some of this. Well, let's quickly go to Proverbs chapter 5 if you would. I'm aware of the time. Boy, I got a whole thing here just on the mind and how it works, but we'll just try to find a place to wrap this up this evening. Proverbs chapter five, my son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding, that thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge. So he's encouraging a man or a young man in this case to get understanding. Understanding is the opposite of being ignorant because he's going to explain now something that can happen in ignorance. Somebody who without who's without understanding particularly of the strange woman. So he says that thou mayest regard discretion that lips may be keep knowledge for the lips of a strange woman drop as a honeycomb and her mouth is smoother than oil but her end is bitter as wormwood sharp as a two-edged sword. So, so, so now in in relation to men now, and I won't I won't be too graphic here. The I'll just be as graphic as the scripture would be, but it's interesting that as he talks about a young man, he must get understanding. He must get revelation. God said in one place in one of the minor prophets, he said, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge." &gt;&gt; Why? Because Satan takes advantage of it. And so it's an interesting that in relation to a subject on getting understanding for a young man, he goes right to probably one of men's greatest temptations. And that that's this strange woman. And the way her outward is is her the lips drop as a honeycomb and her mouth is smoother than oil. Um there's an attraction going on here on the outside, but here is the end. and her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword. Her feet go down to death, her steps take hold on hell. Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are movable, that thou canst not know them. Hear me now, therefore, oh my children, and depart not from the words of my mouth. Remove thy way far from her. Who? The strange woman. I always tell young men, older men, the strange woman is any other woman beside your wife. Right? &gt;&gt; And that doesn't matter. It's just any other woman than your wife. Bo, I'm not married yet. Well, you have a wife somewhere. &gt;&gt; So, you still have to stay away from the strange woman because you have a wife somewhere. Remove thy way from her, and come not nigh the door of her house, lest thou give thy honor unto others, and thy years unto the cruel. This all the fruits come that comes from you falling to that. Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth and thy labors be in the house of strangers. You see so many times man keeps falling into sexual temptation. They may have been very rich. More than likely they lose all of that. It goes to someone else because this type of sin affects your entire life, affects your family, affects your finances. God can't bless any of it. And thou mourn at the last when thy flesh and thy body are consumed and say, "How have I aided instruction and my heart despised reproof?" and have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined my ear to them that instructed me. I was almost in an evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly. Very interesting scripture. You can underline in verse 14. I was almost in all evil, but I was in the midst of the congregation and assembly. Wow. Wow. Can Satan suddenly entice somebody privately where they're right around the congregation and yet evil has set in? &gt;&gt; So just catch this now. He's warning the young man right away to a woman because there's nothing that would appeal to him more. Women are tempted in different ways, but men, this is what he talks about. And there's probably many other temptations for a man, but he's going to talk about the strange woman. And then he's going to say this, verse 15, drink waters out of thine own sistn, and running waters out of thine own well. Let thy fountains, which is your offspring, be dispersed abroad, and rivers of water in the streets. Let them be only thine own. Let and and not strangers with thee. Let thy fountain be blessed, and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant ro. Let her breast satisfy thee at all times, and be thou ravished always with her love. Do you know what he just did? You know what he just said? He said, "You have a thirst." And he warns against the wrong fountain. And he says, "I will provide you with a fountain to drink from &gt;&gt; and it'll be pure. It'll be holy. &gt;&gt; Be ravished with her love for the rest of your life. Because why? I have given her to you that you enjoy her fellowship, her companionship. One fountain to drink from. I teach the young men, the older men. You live. I'm a onewoman man for life. &gt;&gt; And women, I'm a one-man woman. You have to say that and generate I'm a you know the the sisters have a bent towards if he provides the right things for her and provides love and affection for her she usually will gravitate but in this generation there's so many temptations you need the resolve Lord make me a oneman woman there's only one person God has for you to life in life to pour out all of your affections emotionally physically belong longs to be poured out on one person. Hope the young people are listening. You don't dabble in a bunch of relationships and everything before you're married. No, you hold yourself for one person in life. That's right. &gt;&gt; Men, it's a onewoman man. It all every bit of it, all attention, all flirting goes to one woman. &gt;&gt; Boy, we sure need more of that teaching in the earth we live in. That's what he's teaching. And he's he's saying, "I've got to end. I know it's 8:30, but you know what he's saying? He's saying," don't be ignorant. Seek my understanding. And here's one of the things I understanding. You're going to have thirst. And the reason that you might be attracted to the strange woman is because you have a thirst. And the strange woman is put there for you to take your thirst and drink from her with a pure thirst. Then it's not pure anymore. &gt;&gt; But now he says, "Guess what? I'm providing you fountains. I'll give you a wife. I'll give you children. And they will be fountains. You'll drink from your children satisfaction and joy." Now, when my kids were young, some of them, I won't mention some of their names, but there was some tough times where I didn't really see them as this beautiful fountains to drink from with joy and happiness. They didn't look like fountains many times. And then I submit myself to the scripture and I see it more now. I wish I'd have seen it more back then. Now I see it more. My greatest satisfaction is to spend time with my sons and fellowship, my daughters. And and guess what? It should be that way from the beginning, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But we get off track. We get distracted. We get bitter. We get sin in our lives. And that's why that's why that is why the woman at the well, I'll end on her. The woman, where did Jesus meet her? At the well. &gt;&gt; But the whole story isn't about her having her daily thing to duty to go get water and bring it back into the village. No, no, no, no. She had a thirst when she was a young girl. And brother Brandham said her parents put her out and set her in the wrong direction. Wasn't even fair. But she had a pure thirst. And then she was taught the wrong kind of love. She was c taught the wrong kind of love. And she's trying to meet this thirst going from man to man to man. And all it is is she's trying to meet a thirst that was within her. And she was taught this must be the way of satisfaction. But she wasn't satisfied because she's had five. And she's now she's got another one thinking about marrying him. Why is she going from man to man? because she's trying to meet a thirst she never got fulfilled in Christ. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; It's all about thirst. And standing there with Christ himself, the son of man, guess what? Where was he going to go to? Oh, he talks about her problem, but no, he had something greater to give her. He was going to be the fountain &gt;&gt; that she would finally drink from and find out, I'm not a prostitute. I'm not this identity. Because that's what happens in our minds when we do certain things and fulfill certain things. We start to take on the identity of that and believe the lie that we're that &gt;&gt; Jesus was able to take her back and show her who she really was and that before all that her thirst was pure and his power of his washing of his fountain as she drank from it could take her back to getting the right thing for that thirst. When she began to drink from it, guess what? Guess what? Everything else got washed away. &gt;&gt; Just completely washed away. All the thinking about herself, all the lies, all the misperceptions. You talk about a washing, it completely cleansed her of all her former ideas of what she was. I'm preaching to you that fountain's available to you tonight. that fountain in Zachchariah. In that day, there'll be a fountain opened in the house of David. Let's stand together. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. We just take this moment, Lord, to speak to you from our hearts, Lord, from the depths of our heart. Lord, sometimes you show us things like this to show us that we can always seek for more of God in something even deeper in our lives. Lord, when you reach out to a life, there's no psychologist, there's no thing of this world, there's nothing that can go as deep as you can go. And that's why we trust in you, Lord. That's why we love you because when you go there, we know it's it's it's for our good, oh Jesus, bring us to a repentance tonight, Lord. Bring us to a dependence on you. Bring us to a trust in you, Lord Jesus. God bring us to a place that we would examine and look at our lives and that we would gain the understanding that Satan might understand who we are as far as the flesh man better than we understand ourselves. And we become a a target for this enemy. I don't want to give him too many compliments because he'll never be greater than than you, Lord. But he's certainly been masterful at trying to misguide people to the wrong place to drink from. Draw us closer to you, Lord. I pray forgive us, Lord. God, raise us up as sons and daughters of God, young or old, that would begin to draw so much from your fountain that there would be a contentment and satisfaction and happiness set in to the people of God like never before. That the hurts and the pains and the fears and the hesitation and that all of it could be washed away just as the woman at the well. Lord, we find as we quench our thirst at that place, we find Lord that we experience the abundant life and the fullness of joy that you purchased for us at Calvary. Forgive us, Lord. Cleanse us, Lord. Let us drink from the living fountains of God. Let us drink from the domestic fountains you've given us to drink from. Teach us Lord not to look to other places filling a void within us. Teach us Lord. Guide us Lord we pray. I'm asking for you to pray tonight before we sing. I'm asking you to speak to the Lord this moment, this time that you open your heart to him. Guide me, Lord, that I would only drink from the fountains that you've provided for me for my life. Lord, let me leave all those other things. When a Isaac began his journey, we see Lord that he found a bunch of wells and the enemy had filled all those wells. Abraham had dug them. They were great wells. They were beautiful wells. And the enemy had filled them all in with dirt, garbage. Isaac found them all. had his men dig them all out, refresh them, bring them back again, dig all the mud out so he could utilize all the wells that you have given to Father Abraham. Lord, maybe tonight we need to dig out some of the dirt and find what's smothered over the joy that we could have in Christ. Grant it, Father, tonight that you'd work more deeply in our lives, Lord, that we'd find joys that we never dreamed of finding before. Grant it, Lord. I don't want to smear on the message. I don't want to be a pretender. I want to be real. I want to be satisfied. I want to walk with you, Lord. And maybe we would love our wives and our husbands and our children and our brothers and sisters just a bit deeper tonight. Realizing quality of life is the quality of relationships. May we love you deeper and may we love one another deeper. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. First verse. Let's sing it. There is a longing only you can fill [Music] a raging tempest. Only you can fill. [Music] And my soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I'm known. drink from the river that flows before your throne. [Music] So take me deep where there's a deep calling, deeper than I've been, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close to your embrace. How you love us, Lord. Take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. &gt;&gt; I just wonder. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How I long to be deeper. Just the second verse in the chorus and I'll dismiss you then we'll go. Can we sing it to him? Sunrise to sunrise, I will seek your face, drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. And my heart has found in you a hope that will abide here in your presence forever sat. Yes. Yes. Take me deeper deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close to your embrace. Take me to &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me deeper. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Let me step down here. [Music] deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love [Music] Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. I long to be deeper in love. Oh yes. Take me deeper. Deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come, [Music] longing just to breathe something that's of worth that will bless your heart. Oh, I'll bring you more than a song. For a song is it's not what you have required. Oh, you search much deeper within the way things are. You're looking into my heart. [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you. Oh yes. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made. But it's all about you. Oh, all about you, G. I'm coming and I'm coming back to the heart of a worshiper. It's all about you. Oh yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made when it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless world. Oh, no one could express how much you deserve. [Music] Oh, though I'm weak and pour. All I have is yours. every single breath. Lord, I'll bring you more than a song. for a song itself. It's not what you have required, Lord. As you search much deeper within through the way things appear, you're looking into my heart. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you, oh Lord. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, oh yes, it's all about you, Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made. And it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you. Jesus is my desire to honor [Music] you. Oh Lord, with all my heart I worship you. Oh, [Music] and all I have within me, Lord, I give you praise and all that I adore. Lord is in you. Is in you soul. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Yes, Lord. Oh, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way with me. And this is my desire. Oh, to you, oh Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. Hallelujah. Oh, and all I have within me, I give you praise. And all that I adore is in you. Is in you. So Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord. Have your way. [Music] In Jesus name. God bless you each one. Shake hands as you go in Christian fellowship. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I live, [Music] Lord have your way, and Lord, I offer my life to you. everything I've been through. Lord, use it for your glory. Lord, I offer my days to you. sing my praise to you as a pleasing sacrifice. Oh Lord, I offer you my Lord. I offer my life to you. everything I've been through. Oh, use it for your glory. Lord, I offer my days to you. My praise to you as a pleasing sacriice. [Music] house. Lord, I offer you my life. Oh, things in the past, things yet unseen, wishes and dreams that are yet to come true. All of my hope, all of my plans, my heart in my hands, they're lifted to you. So Lord, I offer my life to you. everything I've been through. Lord, use it for your glory. Lord, I offer my haste to you. Lifting my praise to you as a pleasing sacrifice. [Music] Lord, I offer you my life. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. You all my sin and shame. In love you came and you gave me grace. Oh, thank you for this love alone. [Music] Thank you for the nail pierce. [Music] Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness said [Music] worthy is the lamb. [Music] See it on the throne. Crown you now with many crowns. You may victori [Music] and lift up. Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven, crucified. [Applause] [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, thank you for the cross, the Lord. Thank you for the price you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. love. You came and gave amazing grace. Oh, thank you for the love of the Lord. [Music] Oh, thank you for the names. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now I know you're forgi [Music] [Music] you Bow with me. He crowns you in victori. Oh Jesus, son of God. [Music] The darling of crucified, [Music] worthy is the [Music] Oh, worthy is the [Music] Oh, see it all the throne. Oh, crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious, [Music] son of God, the darling of hell, crucified found. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, [Music] belongs to you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music]
