################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - 2025.07.02 - Bro. Josiah Cornett - Dirty Feet And A New Commandment - Josiah Cornett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-02
Title:    2025.07.02 - Bro. Josiah Cornett - Dirty Feet And A New Commandment
Speaker:  Josiah Cornett
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1U3iLlytGQ
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
2:19 Opening Prayer
3:49 Preservice Worship
25:48 Sermon
1:13:29 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] See this return. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Let's all stand and sing and turn. The more that I surrender, the more that I surrender, the higher my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Last time, oh more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Thank you, Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control and the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we welcome you into this place tonight, God. Asking you, God, just to uh just a brand new touch, Lord. A word from you, God. Just to I would give us strength, Lord, on this journey, Lord, in this life, Lord. Such a life is but a vapor, Lord God. But in that vapor, Lord Jesus, you have a purpose for us, God. Lord, and you have something for us, God. So, Lord, tonight, Lord, let us take each and every word that you give us, Lord Jesus, and just accept it, Lord, so easily tonight, God. Breaking down every wall, Lord Jesus, every barrier, God. Lord, that you would be welcome right in, Lord Jesus, tonight. We love you, Lord. We just ask a special blessing, God, on Lord, our pastor tonight away, God. Keep him safe, Lord, as he travels. God, ministers there in Washington, Lord, in every heart tonight, God, here in the service or streaming, Lord Jesus, wherever they may be, God, Lord, we know this, Lord, in this age, it's not a national revival that we're dealing with anymore, God, but a personal revival. So God, wherever someone is tonight, God, whatever need they have, whatever healing they desire, Lord, deliverance they desire, God, Lord, let them accept it in your name tonight, Lord. and give them a word from you Lord that will encourage God. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Key of C tonight. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this one. Amen. He brought me out of the miry clay. Has he done it for you? Praise God. He brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Sing that again. He brought me He brought me out of the myy clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. First verse. My heart was distressed near Jehovah's dread frown. And low in the pit where my sin dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep my clay who tenderly brought me out to golden. Oh he brought me out of the my hallelujah. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. First verse. Oh, he played. Let's do this. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established and here I'll abide. No danger of falling. While here I remain but stand by his grace until the crown I gave. Oh he brought me out of the myy clay. Oh he set my feet on the rock to stay. A song in my soul today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night, it sweet notes I will raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty clay. Hallelujah. He set my feet on the rock to stay and he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he brought me out of the m. Why don't you greet your brothers and sisters tonight? Go around and greet each other in the name of God. Oh, he puts a song in my soul. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty way. He puts his on my ride to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty clay. Oh, he set my feet on the rock to stay. It's a song in my soul today. A song. Last verse. Put that one up. Next one. Next one. Tell the pit with its gloom and despair. I'll praise the dear father who answered my prayer. I'll sing my new song, the blessed story of love and join in the chorus with the saints of the brought me out of the mighty clay. Oh, he set my feet on the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Go up one key when I'm in too high. Your face said that it was too high. He was just like, "That ain't right. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord. Oh, and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. Yes, he is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. Hallelujah. Oh, he's my companion. He's my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, the wonderful savior. Oh Jesus, the lion of Judah. What is he tonight? Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he's the almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory gives us the victory. Great is our story. And when you're in trouble is Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer. God almighty will fight all your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, your victory will come. Not the way you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Hallelujah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save the s. Yes, he's the almighty. He sends his angels, hallelujah, to guide me. There's no such powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity, you and me came down from his glory. Gives us the victory. Greatest of story down from his glory gives us the victory. Greatest of story. Give the Lord some praise. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Hallelujah. He is truly everything to us. Amen. Praise God. Let's sing this song. Key of G. I think we do it in. Yeah, try G. Maybe not. Key of F. Do that. I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline [Music] because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Sing that again. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Oh, and even though my spirits flow and it seems I can hardly go, but still, hallelujah, I see victory. Many times I'm walking by faith. Can't see what lies before me, but still. Hallelujah. I see victory. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the blood line because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Oh, sometimes our battle gets hot and it seems we're fighting a lot. I remember I'm standing on the rock. So Satan, if I were you, I' turn around and give up to cut. I do believe you're bound to lose. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan can't cross the blood line because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Last time I just got to tell you, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline [Music] because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Why should I worry? And why should I fear when the very same Jesus stays always near? He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. Sing that. Oh, and why should I worry? And why should I fear? When the very same Jesus, he stays always. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord tonight. Thank you, God. Amen. Amen. We'll sing that. In Christ alone I place my trust. Let's all stand tonight as a prayer request. Get ready. Praise the Lord. Christ alone will I glory. Though I could pride myself in battles won. For I've been blessed beyond measure and by his grace alone I've overcome. window. I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. But the trophies could not equal to the grace by which I stand in Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength. Is that where you are tonight? My source of hope is Christ alone. And in Christ alone will I glory. For only by his grace I am redeemed. Oh yes Lord. Oh, and only his tender mercy can reach beyond my weakness to my knees. Oh, and now I seek no greater honor than just to know you more. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and to count my gains as losses for the glory. Hallelujah. Glory of my Lord. In Christ the Lord. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, [Music] let it be said of me, my source of strength. You are my source of hope. Say it again. In Christ the Lord, I place I place my trust. Find my glory in the power of the cross in every victory. Let it be said of me. My source of strength. My source of hope is Christ of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. [Music] Oh, and now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the mander. Lord, I give my heart to you. A love that sought before I knew you. Yes, Lord. Oh, has brought me here to where you are. Now I live, oh, now I live to praise you. And ever may I praise you, the healer of my heart. Take it up one key. Healer of Oh, healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the mander. Lord I give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you has brought me to where you are. Oh, now I live to praise you. Every day I praise you, the hearer of my heart. Can we try these verses here? [Music] You are the healer, [Music] the healer of my heart. [Music] The maker and the God of all we are. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. Sing it now. I was the broken. Oh, I was the broken vessel in your hand. But thank God for you to looked beyond the hurt and made me whole again. You are healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new now my whole life. And now my whole life I surrender. I lay down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that song before I knew you. Oh, has brought me near to where you are. Oh, and now I live to praise you. Oh, may I praise you. The healer of my heart. Healer of Healer of the broken pieces. You are Lord. You touched my heart and made it new. Thank you Lord. Oh and now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the men Lord brought to you. Oh, the love that sought before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you, the healer of my heart. [Music] Aren't you so glad that we serve a healing God this evening? A healer of our hearts, a healer of our bodies, and most importantly, a healer of our souls. Amen. So glad to see everyone out tonight. I see a lot of familiar faces. Uh some fresh faces, but familiar to me. I want to thank the uh vessels for coming by tonight. Um we were just down at their church. They were uh celebrating the Lord's moving in their life as he's changing a turning a corner and such a such a exciting time in our lives when the Lord turns a corner. So as we celebrated the uh the great testimony that was there and the the work of the Lord that's been happening there at um the truth tabernacle in Defiance many years. I I remember that I had preached my first sermon there at uh defines truth tabernacle. My first sermon out. I think here was my first sermon. My very next sermon was there with brother James and sister Betty and Justin. I think you came along later after that. But uh you didn't have to uh go through the pain of listening to one of my first sermons. Bless your heart. But so glad to see friends with us this evening. And uh so glad to see you all. Why don't we go before the Lord tonight? Dear precious heavenly father, we just come before you, Lord. So grateful, Lord, to come into your awesome presence. Lord, to lay aside our humanity for a second, Lord, you told us to lay all of our burdens at your feet. And Lord, I do that tonight by laying down my humanity and just asking you, Lord, to step over me, Lord, and minister to your people. I don't want my humanity get in the way my my different issues that I have, Father. But Lord, let your word speak, Father, and may it draw us closer to you and closer to one another. And Lord, I pray that would also cause us to reach out our hands, Lord, and draw those that are in the highways and byways still, Lord, and cause them to come. May we be the hands of Jesus that cause them to drink and cause one to live. Grant, Lord, we come to your waters tonight. We pray that you'd open them to our souls in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. If you would, we'll go right to the scripture this evening and Luke chap 22 and verse 17. And you may find the uh this a little bit of a funny introductory text this evening, but uh I want to take a text from the communion supper. We have our own communion happening um in next couple weeks here. Not this uh Sunday, but I believe it's the following Sunday. We'll be having our local church communion. I thought it would be a good time to bring this pretext and um I had shared this with um the believers there in defiance and just felt it still lingering on my heart in the theme of church community and uh so before we go to go to the word I'll just let you know the crestles here have already listened to this tonight. I I have to apologize for that but you all can look around and if they're still paying attention halfway through remember they're seeing it for the second time. So may that be an encouragement to you. Luke 22:17 speaking of Jesus now he took the cup and gave thanks and said take this and divide it among yourselves for I say unto you I will not drink of the fruit of the vine the kingdom of heaven shall come. And he took bread and gave them thanks and break it and gave unto them saying this is my body which is given for you. This do in remembrance of me. Likewise also the cup after supper saying this cup is the new testament in my blood which is shed for you. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. So I just like to take those first four scriptures there 17-20 and look at uh this is a pretext a thought I'd like to bring to your to your attention tonight and speak on the the theme of dirty feet and a new commandment. dirty feet and a new commandment. But here we see that Christ before he introduces the ordinance of footwashing, he he introduces this this idea of communion and the the breaking the bread and the the taking of the wine. And we all know that very well what those symbolizes that the the breaking of the bread shows that his body would be broken and was broken into a many membered body. So we can all thank the Lord that there's a many membered body as evidenced by the resurrection of Jesus Christ this evening and that that that wine that he was giving us was the new wine of the new covenant a symbol of his blood. But I want to call your attention to first verse 17. It says he took the cup and then in verse 20 likewise also the cup after supper. And we find that when we study the the Jewish custom and the history and the the time of that day is that the Jewish Passover which is what this was based upon was structured and the the structure of the meal was actually dictated by four different cups. In Christianity we also we usually just think of the one cup that Jesus served as the the symbol of his blood. But in reality there were four cups. The first the first cup was the cup that opened the meal and commenced the entire evening's service, if you will. And the second cup was the cup that was shared and partaken of after the uh telling of the the history of the Jews leaving Egypt after Egypt and the story of Exodus. And then we find that on the third cup, that third cup is what happens after supper. And that's the third cup that Christ parttook of. And then there's a fourth cup that uh happens after supper. And then after you have some hymns and what they call the halal, which is the singing of Psalms 113 through Psalms 118 as we know it. And then that would conclude the Passover service. But we go to find out that the Jews took these four cups very seriously. And it maps out against the scriptures in Exodus 6 and verses 6 and 7 where Christ says or excuse me where it's written first that I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians. And that's the first cup, the cup of sanctification. And then God says, "And I will rid you out from under their bondage." And that's the cup of praise. And then there's the next verse that says, "I will redeem you." The third cup, the cup of redemption. Now, that's the the cup that Christ paused at and says very fittingly, take this cup because from now on, this cup of redemption, this third cup that you've always included among the fourth, that's a very special cup. From this time forward, it's not only a symbol of what was past, but it's a symbol of what's happening now. This is the New Testament. It's a symbol. will do it in remembrance of the blood that I shed for you. But then we go on and we find out that Christ never parttook of that fourth cup. If you go over to John 13, you'll find the first communion service that was ever preached. And we've heard a lot of communion services through the years, but I don't think there's any communion service that ever tops John 13 through17. Those five chapters, if you can read them when you go home this week, it's a beautiful, beautiful thing. And I want to turn over to John 13. Not to read the whole sermon because I wouldn't be able to do justice to it all on Wednesday night, but to just pick up Christ's theme if we could. Starting at verse one says, "Now before the feast of the Passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them until the end." and supper being ended. So now we know at what time we're at. We're just after the third cup. We're just after Christ introduces the ordinances of communion. And John is very unique in that his account is the only account that excludes the ordinances of communion that we are so accustomed to and focuses on the ordinance of the footwashing. And we see what Christ does after supper being ended, the devil now having put into the heart of Judas's scariot, Simon's son, to betray him. Verse four, he rose from supper and laid aside his garments and took a towel and girded himself. And after that, he poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with a towel wherewith he was girded. I want you to just pause for a moment because we have a moment tonight and I'm not going to be long. But put yourself in Christ's shoes right now because I don't think we can fully appreciate what's happening if we just think of Christ as 100% deed right now. Okay? I I'm going to instruct my disciples and I'm going to show them a a new commandment which is what he's building up to and I'm going to show them how they should humble themselves. And that's what I'm it's it's all instructional. But we know that Christ was both 100% God and 100% man. There wasn't a mix of two. It was he was both God and man. And so you can imagine on the eve of his death, what's going through the heart of the man Christ Jesus. I wonder how many has ever had to say goodbye to a loved one for a long period of time. Maybe he was at a deathbed. Maybe a soldier that had to leave their family and go overseas or maybe on a long-term business trip. But you had to say some parting words. And it's during those times that all the things that we feel, we try to reach down in the treasure of our hearts and put some kind of expression to them. And some will express it in words and perhaps a a parting gift. The husband might give his wife a piece of jewelry that she can hold on to and look at and remember every waking day that she has that he's coming home for me. I know he's out there somewhere. He's going to come off the battlefield. He's going to come home from this long business trip. Whatever it is, I've got something permanent that I can hold on to. But what's remarkable is the man Christ Jesus when he reaches into the depths of his heart to pull out the treasure thereof and get give him something lasting. He takes off his outer garment. He girds himself out like a servant. He gets down on his knees and he begins to wash the disciples feet. And a practical person might say, "Well, why that? That doesn't seem very lasting. That seems like their feet are just going to get dirty again." Kind of like when you make up your bed in the morning. Why am I doing this? It's just going to get unmade again. Why do I have to wash my hands? They're just going to get dirty again. Same thing with the feet. It's not a permanent thing. But to me, and this is just my trying to sympathize with the heart of a man, Christ Jesus, being a man myself, made in the image of the God, which Christ was the divinity of, I would think that Christ is trying to say, "It doesn't matter that your feet are getting going to get dirty again. It doesn't matter. I've told you before that you must forgive someone 70 times seven. And now I'm going to show you that it doesn't matter if I have to do something that humbles me to clean you. And I find that so beautiful because I know through my relationship with Christ that he's gotten down many times on his knees and washed my dirty feet. Oh, he might have he might have purged me with his blood. He might have filled me with his Holy Spirit, but I still have to walk in this world. I still have to be in this world though I'm not of it. And as I'm walking through the world, like these disciples had to walk down to the the supper table through the streets of of Jerusalem that day and they had to walk through all the filth that they were surrounded by because there wasn't good sanitation back then. Their feet were filthy with feces. And Christ was willing to get down and wash their feet. He was a He was willing to say, "This is so important to me that I'm going to establish it as an ordinance. You have seen me do it unto you. Now, if I then your Lord and Master have done unto you, should not you also do it unto your brethren? Should not we be able to forgive? Should we not we be able to humble ourselves?" So many times we fulfill the ordinances, but we forget what the the type of and we we don't we don't solemnly think about that. Paul admonished the church in Corinthians and said, "Watch out because you're coming to the Lord's table and you're fulfilling the ordinances, but your life is not worthy of them. You're fulfilling the ordinances of taking the bread and you're and and and taking the wine, but you're this this is a symbol of union because communion actually means together and oneness. And that's that's what you're symbolizing here. But your life doesn't reflect it. Your life is not worthy of the gospel. You are profaining the very communion that you're partaking of. And I wonder if we aren't sometimes guilty when we come down to footwashing of profaining the very ordinance that we're taking part in. Yes, I I can wash my brother's feet and I can pray over my sister, but what about between that and the next footwashing? Is your life living that part of the gospel? Because Christ is getting ready to introduce a new commandment. Oh, I love it. But I want you to pause for a moment before we get there and look at who the company is because you read through 13 and you find out in that chapter that at this point Judas has not yet been dismissed to go out and do as what's been in his heart to do. It means amongst all those people, Christ got down and washed the feet of a man who so gave himself to the devil's work that the Bible says the devil entered him. He washed his feet of a man that rebuked another woman for washing his feet because he wanted to take her money and steal it as the keeper of the bag. He was willing to humble himself not only to the true, the faithful, the honorable Christian, but was willing to show himself humble to all. And then he concludes and says, "If I then your Lord and Master have done it unto you, so you ought to do it unto one another." Oh friends, the scripture is rich. Going on down in the verses, it says in 34, "Then a new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another as I have loved you, that ye love also one another, and by this shall all men know that you are my disciples, if you have that love one towards another." I love it here because up until this point, you could have fulfilled the ordinances of communion without having a church. You could have fulfilled the ordinance of communion without having anybody else in your life. You could have been a hermit. You could have gone out in the woods. You could have been as brother Brandham would have been. You know, remember how brother Brandham wanted to go out in the mountains and kidnap Midi and take her away and and and and go out there and and just stomp down whenever he needed to. He could have fulfilled taking part of the bread. He could have fulfilled taking part of the wine. But he could not have done footwashing. He could have not loved another because it takes another to love forever. Christ institutes what he wants his church to look like. Not individuals. Not people that just come to church and say, "Okay, I checked the box. I was here. I took my communion. I took my service. I took my part of the wood word and now I'm going back to my home. No, he says there's there's there's another that me that that's coming in here because yes, while communion means in the Latin root it means together and and a oneness, community means together and service. And so God ties this communion message, his first ever communion message to a new commandment and to an act of service. Because let's face it, folks, you can't fulfill the footwashing ordinance without having somebody else in your life. You can't go wash your own feet. I suppose you could, but it it it gets a little bit harder over time as we get older and less flexible and a little bit heavier. It gets harder to to reach those feet. We need somebody else in our lives. And look at this fourth cup. Then I want to call your attention to the fourth cup that Christ misses and maybe we can go over to it just as an evidence that he misses it. I'm sorry. I thought I had the scripture written down. Here it is. Matthew 26 and 29. Recall that the fourth cup is that cup of acceptance, also called the cup of anticipation, mapped to the scripture, I will take you to me for a people. In 26:29, Christ says, "But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth this fruit of the vine until the day when I drink it new with you in my father's kingdom." And remember at the end after they sing the the songs of hell, they take the fourth cup and that concludes the service. But here in verse 30, and when they had sung a song, a hymn, they went out in the Mount of Olives. So what is Christ symbolizing? He's saying, "I have not yet received my people." That is still a cup of anticipation for us all. We're all looking forward to the day where God will take us home where there will be that rapture. But I'd like to I'd like to point out that the word in that scripture is, "I will take for me a people." God is looking for a people. He's not looking for individuals. The rapture is not an individual event. Oh, I'm so glad it's not an individual event because if it was an individ individual event, I might be one of the last to go. And I know we're always talking about you ought to be of the mindset that if if if there's only one person that's going, it's going to be me. And and that's a perfectly right thought in one sense, but in the other sense, be careful with that because I know that it's not going to be just me. I'm going to be one of them. But it's not going to be just me because he is coming back for a people. There's going to be day a day when they which are dead and gone will be raptured up before us and we will meet them together in the air. Oh, hallelujah. And I want to say this togetherness, this togetherness is this catching away the bride of Jesus Christ. It's not no elevator religion. It's not like when you press a button at the hotel and you get on there and you're like, "Oh my goodness, I got the I got the elevator all to myself." And then that awkward person comes in right behind you. You say, "What am I gonna do now?" And you just kind of get into your corner and they get into theirs and you you both go up together. That's not the kind of catching away that we're talking about. We're not talking about an individual religion. We're talking about a religion and a promise that is to a people. And it's by God's grace that every one of you, I believe, that are sitting here this evening are part of those people. And yes, we believe in an individual walk in the Lord Jesus Christ. But you cannot separate the fact that you are a citizen of a country that's to come. And by the way, we confess whether or not we're citizens of that country. And citizenship is not just we sometimes focus so much upon the relationship the bride of Jesus Christ and I'm his bride. It's it's Jesus and me. But remember it's still a many membered body. So don't get so caught up in your own individual relationship with Jesus Christ that you forget that he also said I want you to serve one another. There's a body of people here. I think it's one of the most greatest opportunities in this life that there is a body of Jesus Christ I can serve. I wasn't there when Jesus's feet were dirty. I would have loved to have been the woman dead in my sins. they could come and grab an anointing bottle and wash his feet and dry them with my hair. I would have loved to pour out my love upon the Lord that way. But that wasn't my time. But I'm not deprived of the body of Jesus Christ to love upon. I have the body of Jesus Christ here. Can you say amen? In Revelations 21 says, "I heard a great voice coming out of heaven, saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and he will be their God." It's a community. When you're going over to heaven, you might have heard the old adage that was said so often among us that you you better like the noise, but you better not just like the noise. You better like the people, too. You better not you. Maybe maybe that's something if you're scared of people here on earth, we're always talking about the noise and how you need to get over the noise. Maybe some people need to get over the people because the noise isn't going away, but neither are the people who are making that noise. I don't plan to go away. I when you when we get over there, I'm going to come knock on your door. I'm probably going to knock on your door even more often than I do now because I'll remember everybody's names a lot better and I'll be less embarrassed I forgot your name that Sunday. You'll forgive me, but there's there's times where I'm in my own office place. Can we just be real tonight? I'm my own office place. I've been working with these people for 10, 15 years. I'll pass them in in the hallway and be like, "Good morning." No, I'm not going to say good morning to them because I'm not getting the name recalled. About 5 seconds later, I remember their name. Been working with them for 15 years. We all got our little hang-ups, don't we? But we have to get over our own hang-ups. And that's something that I'm striving for is that I want to get over my hang-ups so that I can fulfill this new commandment. When Christ said, "A new commandment I give unto you," my ears perk up because that wasn't only the new commandment. That was the last commandment before his death. as the man Christ Jesus and the the the God speaks right there. He's speaking from his heart, but he's also speaking from divinity and saying, "This isn't just what I want from you as a as your brother, but I'm also speaking as your God. This is a commandment to love one another." So, be careful tonight. Be careful of what is so much becoming an individualized gospel with tape churches and online services and something that divorces from you the need to show up to a church building and be part of the church community. Paul spoke not without authority when he said, "Let us not forsake the assembling of ourselves together, so much the more as the day approaches." And he said it this way, "Let us not forsake the assembling of ourselves together as the manner of some is," which means he recognized that there's some people that just that's their manner. They would love to forsake the assembling of themselves together. Some people loved COVID. They loved having the excuse of not assembling myself together anymore. And it might be complexes, but let's say it's not complexes. Let's just say it's personality. That's fine. I know people like that and I love them and they can't get rid of me and I'm not going to get rid of them. But we're still commanded to love one another. And you can't do that from a distance very well. You can if there's distance there, you can overcome it. But you've got to overcome whatever is separating you from one another. If that's distance, if that's opportunity, if that's your own hang-ups, if that's past and grieviances and sin and things that they did wrong against you, remember Jesus washing Judas's dirty feet. He says, "If I've done it unto you, then ought not you do it to one another." So community, Christ made it very clear to me in the very opening lines of his first ever communion service that the church was to be built upon community. It's amazing to me that John, you know, faith, hope, and love, John, the beloved of the Lord, made it so important that he actually discarded. He's like, I'm going to let Matthew, Mark, and Luke take care of the other ordinances of communion, and I'm just going to focus here on footwashing and a new commandment. And the rest of the sermon of Christ is Thomas sharing his doubts and Christ con consoling them and saying that I'll be with you and all the many promises we have about the Holy Ghost. And then finally in chapter 17 is the high priestly prayer where he talks about us becoming one with one another and with him and the Lord and with the father. And it's it's it's a marvelous thing. But this first opening chapter, Christ makes it very clear that he wants his church to be built upon a community. Have you ever stopped to think about what the first Christian church must have looked like after the day of Pentecost? And after those two apostles said, "Silver and gold have I none, but be it unto you, but but such as I have, I give it unto you in the name of the Lord." And 5,000 people were converted in a day when they saw that ly man jumping around Solomon's porch. That was a pretty big church by that point. 3,000 converted, 5,000, probably some in between, some of them were from outside the gates on the midday of Pentecost, sure, but there was a large core group and there was no building that could hold them all. So, they went from house to house. I wonder how long it's been since you invited someone into your house or you went from house to house. I don't say that as a reproach because there's many here that do that. But I say it as a reminder because there's some that have forgotten about it or we've let it slack off a little bit. So if community was so important and again that word community means together and service, I'd like to just spend a moment before we close tonight to look at things that I find prevent community in a church. The first thing that I find that prevents community is an attitude of individualism. We've talked about an individual gospel or an individual relationship with Jesus Christ to the exclusion of all else. But be careful about that because be careful that it's not just you focusing on the Lord because there's times when yes, you're drawn into a very close relationship with the Lord where it's just bride and bridegroom face to face and we all go through seasons of life like that and we should sustain that kind of relationship with the Lord. But there are seasons when it's to the exclusion of everything else. But I don't believe that should be the regular or the normal Christian life throughout our days. There has to come a time when we're able to open ourselves enough and say, "I'm going to fulfill in my life the new commandment. If I'm going to love the Lord face to face, I've also got to love not only his face but his body." So be careful that individualism that rises up and says, "Well, I just don't have time for this. My current situation, my current season of life, my my my and all these excuses, I wonder if it starts to sound the ears of the Lord kind of like those folks he invited to the wedding feast." He says, "Look, I'm celebrating a union between my son and his bride. come and celebrate that union with me. And is that not something that we're doing every time we gather faithfully in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? We're celebrating this union of the body of Jesus Christ. But there were some that said, "I bought land. I've bought an ox. I I I." But Christ calls us to a life of selflessness. But you don't understand, brother Josiah. It's not just me, but it's my family. We have events and we have schedules and my family's very needy and my children's time of life. And my my my, it's still this this world that's been boxed in to be smaller than God ever intended it to be. Whether it's my life or my family or my tribe, my little click, my group of people that I'm comfortable with, even my church, my people. We see that Peter accosted Paul to his face one day about Peter's own tribalism. How many remember the story? Peter's there and Paul's there and they're sitting down at the table with the Gentiles and they're about to have a nice meal and the Jews come into town. Peter says, "Excuse me, brothers. I've got to go fellowship with these guys over here." As they all congregate to a whole separate table all by themselves. And he leaves them over here. And he goes and joins himself to his tribe. And Paul calls him out for it. And I wonder if you would let the Holy Spirit call you out for it tonight if you're guilty like Peter. Not to be tribalistic, but to look for needs that are in the body. When the body ministers to the body, I don't massage the palm of my hand that feels really bad with my other hand and just do this just for the fun of it. I'm doing it because the other hand's cold. That's in winter time. In summertime, it's not cold outside. I don't need to rub my hands together. Summertime, I've been working outside. I've got a backachche. I'm going to start ministering to other parts of my body that are needy. Tribalism keeps us from doing that. Individualism keeps us from looking for needs within the body. You might say, "Well, another body member can do that." Really? Because you might just have the exact requirement to minister that need. My knee, my knee doesn't scratch my back too well. You wouldn't want to see me try. I'd have to be pretty flexible to even try. my hand does that a lot better. And Paul says when he's talking about the body, he says, "Sure, there might be those that are in the body that seem to be more feeble than others, but they're necessary. And there's certain little things, this little this little this little finger right here, he's the weakest little guy. But I'll tell you what, when my ear is filled with wax, there's no other part of my body that's a better minister to my ear. So just remember friends, you might seem to even think of yourself as the most feeble, but if you keep your eyes open, you're needed in this body. So I want to admonish you that wherever you go, look for that opportunity to either serve with someone or to serve with someone else or to serve somebody else. You know, uh Brandon and I were talking in the back room and we were recollecting our days in the youth group. We were remembering how when brother Bill Chandler were was with us and sister Phyllis and they got their their backyard filled with leaves and they couldn't take all those leaves out by themselves. And I don't even remember who all was with me at the time. I just remember doing it. I I I didn't have to know someone's name. I didn't have to remember it that day. I didn't have to know their whole life story. I didn't have to I didn't I didn't have to be a very good conversationalist that day. And neither did anybody else. No one stood out to me as being awkward that day. They all just got together in the leaves and we had a good time serving someone that couldn't serve themselves that day. And that's what we need more of in the church. Now, take you can take that take that as spiritual as you want it. You can you can you can bring that up to date with body. You can bring that up to date with with with visiting the sick in the hospital. But James said this and and speaking of practical religion, James said, "Pure religion and undefiled before God the Father is this that you would visit the orphaned and the widows in the affliction and that you keep yourself unspotted from the world. Don't keep yourself so unspotted from the world is to the exclusion of everything else. I'm just focusing on having a sanctified life. I'm just focusing on being a good Christian." But we leave off James's first part that says, "Visit the fatherless. Visit the orphan. Find yourself, put yourself in a position that you can give them what Solomon said, is that word in due season." It's like apples of gold painted in pictures of silver. Let yourself become that kind of person. So, I've never been very eloquent in my life. You don't have to have eloquence, friend. Seasons and circumstances give the honest and pure heart its eloquence. A word fitly spoken in due season. Not eloquently se spoken but fitly. You find their need and you fit your words into that heart and saying look I see your need in this season. Let me minister to you. Look for that opportunity to serve and community will happen by definition because it's together and service. I've heard of people complaining and saying, "Well, I I I don't have very many friends in a church or I I just can't seem to make friends." But be careful that you're not focusing so much on relationship that you're forgetting service. Because I'll guarantee you that if you focus on serving with others like we did that day with brother Bill Channer and serving others, well, the right kind of friends will just present themselves. And before we leave that, allow yourself to be ministered to. Don't get so much on your high horse that says, "All right, I'm going to be I'm going to be the top dog person around here. No one's going to serve more." It's kind of like Peter, you know, Lord, don't don't wash my feet only, but wash my hands and my head. Lord, I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. He was always 110% in. But don't forget the other part because it takes two to wash the feet, right? And there's some reciprocosity, something that happens when you let someone give back to you after you've given to them. And it fulfills a need both in you because they're ministering to you. But don't forget that it fulfills a need in them. You might say, "No, that's not true. I'm I'm so low people wouldn't need to serve me." But just remember what it feels like to serve somebody else and what that does for you. it it it gives you the opportunity to practice pure religion. Let someone else have that opportunity with you. And don't ever be so proudful that you think, "Well, I just don't need service. I don't need to be served." I remember when I was a young man, I'm just I'm letting it all out tonight, I guess. But I when I was a young man, first contemplating that perhaps the Lord might have a a call upon my life such as it is to preach the gospel. And I imagined myself and you have grace for me because I was probably 17 at the time. But um I was thinking, wow, I'll I'll preach the doors off one day and I'll get out there and people be patting my my back and I'm going to resolve right now. I thought I was doing a spiritual thing. I'm going to resolve right now to be humble. I'll just kind of shrug them off and say, "No, no, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay." First of all, that wasn't very humble. I found out there's very few times I get to preach the doors off a church. I'm more more more interested in whether or not doors are being opened in people's hearts. But also that idea of shrugging off people's compliments, shrugging off people's praise. I was trying to deny my own humanity and rising myself up on some kind of a high horse that says, "No, I I don't need people's compliments. I don't need people's encouragements. I don't need people's dot dot dot. I don't need people is really where that ends at. So be careful of that. Then be careful. Be careful of pride. We're talking now about things that prevent community in a church. I don't know anything else that prevents it like pride does. That evil counselor of pride will come in and counsel you based upon your past and make you looking through the glasses of the past like a like an old frog looking in the rear. and makes say, "Well, somebody did me this way and somebody did did me that way and so when I meet this person over there, they remind me of of my past and I I know what they're going to be like. So, I'm just going to dance around this part of the body and I'm going to avoid that part of the body because that part of the body might hurt me or that part of the body's already told me that they don't need me because of what this other person over here did to me years ago." And what is that but anything but pride? We might call it complexes. We might call a lot of things, but one thing it is is pride counseling you to say that you can judge a book by its cover. That you have you have the authority to be able to judge someone else without even knowing them. Right? Self-righteousness, pride of self-righteousness will come in and counsel us to come in and try to be a minister without first asking, "Do I need to be ministered to?" And that's so many times a mistake to try to teach someone before you learn whether they can teach you something. I'm going to make friends with this person. I think they need my friendship. Be careful. That's the wrong side of the coin to be on. How about you start off, you know what a neutral ground is? instead of worrying about whether they're going to serve you or you serve them, the neutral ground will be just let's serve together. Let's let's step in shoulder tosh shoulder. And then as as you walk along life's journey shouldertosh shoulder, that serving one another is going to happen naturally. So finally, I like to say just do the opposite as brother Barham counsel us. Do the opposite of pride. Do the opposite of individualism. do the opposite of a lack of service. Christ said this in Matthew 20. He said, "It shall not be so among you, but whosoever shall be great among you, let him be your minister, and whosoever shall be chief among you, let him be your servant, even as the son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister and to give his life a ransom for many." And I think that footwashing so beautifully shows that because footwashing shows humility. the humility both of serving someone and letting someone else serve you. It shows that service and it's also a symbol of redemption and washing away each other's filthiness. If the musicians would come, we can stand. In a week and a half from now, we'll all be having a chance to get down and wash one another's feet. I hope to see you all there. I hope that you'll come out for the communion service. I hope you'll make that sacrifice. But before we even get there, I'd like to leave you with a different kind of hope. I hope that you'll take this little admonition tonight as I'm trying to grow it in my own heart and say, "Let's look for ways that I can honor the symbol that when I come to the symbol itself in a week and a half, I can be sure that I'm not profaining it." Many times we'll prepare our hearts ahead of the wine. We'll prepare our hearts ahead of the breaking of the bread because we know that we don't want to profane the symbol of it. But be sure that you're not profaining the symbol of footwashing, that your life is worthy of the gospel and this part that communicates a new commandment. I want to challenge you tonight. I want to challenge you to look for opportunities in the next week and a half to expand your community to reach out beyond your tribe, my family, my group, my regular people I talk to and look around and try to find some needs. It might be in this church. It might be in the larger community. But let yourself be one of those that says, "I'm looking for some feet to wash." And I want to challenge you to find some feet to wash figuratively before we come to wash them in a week and a half from now. Literally, will you do that with me? Let's go before the Lord. Dear Lord Jesus, I love these people. I'm so glad that I'm with a group of people, Lord, that do these things I'm speaking of, Lord. Lord, I'm I can come and bring a service like this and it's it's not a word of rebuke, Lord, but it's a word of encouragement and reminder. And sometimes I think that after co Lord, we need the these reminders more often because our society took a certain trajectory, Lord. It was already on it, but it seemed like it took a harder turn than it did before. We've got a lot of wars and rumors of wars even with our in our own American society. But let that not be so among us. May our actions and our hearts tend the more toward loving one another and to continuously Lord build upon that love with acts of service. So much the more as that day approaches. Grant that dear Lord in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. I am love. You are love. I can risk loving you. For the one who know loves me best loves me most. [Music] I am love. You are love. Won't you please take my hand? We are free to love each other. We are love. I am love. Oh, I am love. I am love. I can risk loving you. For the one who knows me best loves me most. Oh, I am love. You are love. Won't you please take my hand? We are free to love each other. We are love. I said if you knew, you wouldn't want me. [Music] My scars are hidden by the face I wear. [Applause] But he said, "My child, my scars go deeper." Thank you, Lord. It was love for you that put them there. Thank the Lord. Oh, I am love. I am love. I can risk loving you. For the one who knows me best loves me most. I am love. You are love. Won't you please take my hand? We are free to love each other. We are love. Thank you, Lord. Forgiven. Oh, forgiven. I repeat, unforgiven and clean. Before my Lord, I freely stand. Oh, forgiven. I can dare forive my brother. Thank you, Lord. Oh, forgiven. I reach out to take a hand. Oh, I am love. I am love. I can risk loing you. For the one who knows me best, loves me most. I am love. You are love. Won't you please take my hand? We are free to love each other. We are loved. Praise the Lord. Amen. What a challenge tonight. Amen. It's so easy in this day and age just to isolate yourself and and know what a challenge for me. I thank you, brother, for just uh the correction tonight. Amen. And it was subtle because these things can get kind of blown over a lot of the times, but um but the Lord definitely brought some correction. And one thing I was thinking about a few weeks ago was we talk about red red blood cells and the blood of Christ, but we often forget that God created white blood cells, too. White blood cells have an act. you know, they're they're dormant and they're kind of floating around until something happens and something happens, you know, where you have an infection or the flu and your whole body the whole body actually like loses loses something to to take care of what's going on on the infection, right? So I was just uh blown away by that that blood of Christ, you know, the blood of, you know, blood of the lamb. There's still white blood cells that is still working amongst us. Amen. So it's just encouraging tonight, the white blood cells. So um but let's uh tonight just uh go and greet each other and just uh say a word of encouragement. God bless you tonight as we go. We'll sing that all around. All around. Everywhere I look, your love is all. You can go in the name of the Lord tonight. All around. Oh, all around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all all around. All around. Oh, all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, all around. Oh, all around. Everywhere I look, you Oh, it's all around. All around. Oh, all around. Yeah. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, all around. All around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all up. It's all around. All around. Oh, all around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, all around. All around. Everywhere I look, you Oh, it's all around. All All around me, all around me. Everywhere I look, you love is all. It's all around me. All around. Oh, all around. Everywhere I look, your love is Oh, everywhere I look, love is all around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Everywhere I look, your love is Oh, it's all around. All around. All around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, all around. All around. Everywhere I look, love. Oh, it's all around. All around. All around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. All around. All around. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, [Music] heat.
