################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - 2025.06.15 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Power Of A Father With The Word - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   2025.06.15 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Power Of A Father With The Word
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imi7UHSHWaU
========================================

every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when if you know that to be true, just stand this morning. He knows my name. Oh, he knows my name. [Music] He knows my end. every thought. And he sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call as thy he knows. He knows my name. He knows my name. every thought. Oh, and he sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for this day, Lord Jesus, that you made God. Thank you for your many blessings on our life, God, both natural and spiritual, Lord. But right now, we want to just set everything else aside, Lord. Lord, our jobs, Lord Jesus. Lord, our careers, Lord Jesus. Everything, Lord, that we deal on a weekly basis, Lord Jesus, we just set that all aside, God, and we we focus right in on you, Lord Jesus. God, we want you to speak to us this morning in a personal way, Lord Jesus. God, as we know, Lord, it's not a national revival, Lord, that we're dealing with, God, in this day and age, God, but it's a personal revival to each and every individual, Lord God. So God, we ask for that revival to sweep through this place. Lord Jesus, this morning, God, I ask the special blessing on each father, Lord Jesus. As I was just watching the Lord, the the army um our troops yesterday walking, Lord Jesus, uh God, I just thought of the fathers, Lord Jesus, that are true uh in this church, Lord Jesus, that should be praised, Lord. And Lord, bless, Lord Jesus, for their their soldier-like faith, Lord Jesus, walking with you each day, God. So bless each and every one of them this morning God give them strength Lord Jesus not just in their physical body but God give them revelation more than ever ever before God. Lord let them be leaders for their family God as you lead them Lord Jesus the mighty captain God we love you. We thank you God Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. So good to be here again. I was just thinking uh I was just watching a little bit of that yesterday. Um, but I was thinking all the fathers just uh you guys are really soldiers and I've I've witnessed that around here. So, praise God for soldiers. Amen. Amongst us. Praise God. Amen. And they're not we're not from what I've seen. Brother Michael for the Raph, Brother Tom, Brother Jim, and if I missed your name, I apologize. There's a lot more. But, um, Amen. They're not wimpy soldiers. Amen. They're strong soldiers. Amen. So, be encouraged. Amen. But he's our strength. Is isn't he this morning? He's our strength. He provides it. Praise the Lord. So, let's go around and greet each other this morning. Why don't you uh say uh God bless you to a father this morning? Why don't you do that, too? But let's sing this song this morning. Bloodwash Band. Amen. Go around and greet each other. Go ahead. Go ahead. Bloodwash Band. KBth. We're a band of Christian soldiers fighting Satan every day. We're standing up for Jesus while we're kneeling down to pray. His precious blood has cleansed you and washed away your sin. That makes you a member of the blood wash band. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood water man. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin until one day the master came. Blood wash man. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood washed man. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day master came and made me a member. You can clap your hands. That's all right. This morning, second verse. God's children are advancing, marching till we reach the goal. The battle's almost over. We'll soon be going home. I can hear the sound of angels as the saints go marching in. Singing praises to the captain of the blood wash man. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash man. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood wash man. We're a band of Christian soldiers fighting Satan every day. We're standing up for Jesus while we're kneeling down to pray. If his precious blood has cleansed you, washed away your sin. That makes you a member of the blood wash band. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the last time. Praise God. Oh, praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash band. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by change of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood wash band. Hallelujah. Amen. Take it up one key. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say first verse. Oh, yes. Oh, there people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame. With the fire that fell at Pentecost, which cleansed and made them clean, it is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of ters. Oh, though these people may not learn to be the fost of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus' name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I want a last time. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Has Has Jesus changed your life this morning? Has he changed your life? Amen. If you're glad you're one of them this morning, put a smile on your face. Amen. See too many frowns. Amen. To be called one of them. Amen. I know. I know life's tough. Amen. We just went through a battle this week. I was nervous. I was nervous. She uh my wife, you know, thrown up, nausea, you know, high temp. I was nervous. I was I was like, is this the time? Is like we're going to have this baby tonight. I was searching through all the drawers trying to find all of our stuff. And I was just like, which drawer do we go? Took us forever because to get to the hospital because uh it was just me being nervous. But no, I was I was nervous. But all is well. Amen. God is our healer. Amen. He provided our need right there. But it was just uh I kind of a feeling how I'm going to be through this whole thing. That night kind of proved everything. But Amen. Praise the Lord. Just had to testify of his healing again. Amen. God is so good. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. Oh, he never offered our victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. So just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Oh, just hold on. Our Lord will show up. Hallelujah. And he will take you through the fire. Can we take it up? First verse. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances and things I could not understand. Oh yes. Oh in many times and trials weakness blurs my vision. Then my frustration gets so out of hand. Thank you Lord. Oh, but it's then I am reminded. Oh, I've never been forsaken. Oh, I've never had to stand one test alone. Aren't you glad this morning? And as I look at all the victories, the spirit rises up in me. And it's through the fire. My weakness is made strong. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. Oh, he never offered our victories without fighting, but he said help would always come in time. So just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up. Oh, and he will take you through the fire again. Just hold on. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. Hallelujah. Every time. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Go down to F one more time. Amen. Let's all stand and sing this one. [Music] I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you. Do you believe that? Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Hallelujah. with a weapon. The weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. Oh, when the darkness falls, it can't prevail. Hallelujah. Oh, cuz the God I serve knows only how to triumph. My God, oh my God, will never fail. Say it again. My God will My God will never fail. I'm going to see I'm going to see a victory. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Oh, for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to Oh yes, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Take it up one. Crown in the mighty name of Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, every war he wages, he will win. Oh yes. Cuz I'm not backing down from any giant. Cuz I know how the story end. I know. Oh, I know how the story. Cuz I'm going to see I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh yes. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you. Now, I want to look at what God can do. You take what the enemy Oh, you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. You take you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. Oh, you turn it. Testify. That's the truth this morning. You take you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. Oh yes. You turn it for good. Last time you take you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. Yes. You turn it for good. I'm going to see I'm going to see a victory. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you. Oh, I'm going to see I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. As a prayer request would come for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Yes, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Give the Lord some praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Well, praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. We want to just wish all the fathers a happy Father's Day in this special time and trust that you I think my family's going to take me out to one of my favorite restaurants. So, I'm kind of excited about that, especially when the kids are buying. They didn't know that till just now, but that'd be great. Praise the Lord. Well, um I thought I would read this that I read last night about Luther. I'm going to ask my quartet to come. We got a special song for for the men of God and I want them to come and prepare if they would. Martin Luther was a good father knowing as if by instinct the right mixture of discipline and love. He said, "Punish if you must, but let the sugar plum go with the rod." He composed songs for his children and sang these songs with them while he played the loot. His letters to his children are among the jewels of German literature. His sturdy spirit which could face an emperor in war was almost broken by the death of his favorite daughter Magdalina at the age of 14. God, he said, has given no bishop so great a gift in a thousand years as he has given me in Magdalina. He prayed night and day for her recovery. I love her very much, but dear God, if it is thy holy will to take her, I would gladly leave her with thee. And he said to her, Lena, dear, my little daughter, thou would love to remain here with thy father. Art thou willing to go to that other father? Yes, dear father, Lena answered, just as God wills. When she died, he wept long and bitterly. As she was laid in the earth, he spoke to her as a living soul. Deas leen, you will rise and shine like the stars and the sun. How strange it is. He said, how strange it is to know that she is at peace and all is well and yet be so sorrowful. I read that to show the heart of a daddy, the heart of a godly father, and how much he cares and has a tender heart for his children. not only just uh the fact that you be a daddy to them, but also a godly daddy to them. And I think that's a wonderful thing. It struck his heart so much to lose someone. It's a tragedy, but yet uh there's a higher heavenly father. Can you say amen? There's a greater father than even. And I I I would say oftent times us brothers who get to this certain age, my age, I won't tell what it is, but you know, you you start to second guess yourself. Did I do everything right? Did I do what I should have done? and you have a lot of things that you didn't do right. So, you live with some guilt and different things. And uh I'm sure that every man has had that. But uh I want to read some scriptures today that I believe will be an encouragement to us to see what fatherhood really is. [Music] I am Barabbus, a rebel, a prisoner. Death was the sentence for me. Led before Pilate, I stood there beside him. This man some were calling king. And as the crowd shouted, "Crucify him," the soldiers let me go free. What kind of man guilty of nothing would suffer the shame and disgrace? Paid on a cross, despised and rejected and willing to die in my place at Calary. for someone like me. Someone like me. Yes. My name is Thomas. For three years I followed. I saw every wonder inside. They say he is risen. That his grave is empty. But I just can't believe he's alive now standing before me. Jesus shows me the scars in his hands in his sight. What kind of man embraces the dollar lovingly drawing me near. I don't have to wonder if I've been accepted. You settle the worry and fear. I got someone like me. My name is Peter. I knew him and loved him. But oh, how I failed him that night. I promised Jesus that I'd never leave him. I willingly laid down my life. But there at his trial, I stood by the fire and I denied him three times. What kind of man pours out his mercy? Someone who stumbles and falls. No way it no way to deserve it. Forgiveness still came after all. [Music] [Music] I am bored. The guilty set free. Oh, I have been the doubt the redeemed. I have been Peter. Yes, I've been called free. What kind of man bleeds for the worthless and saves him? Whatever it takes. What kind of man would rescue the sinner and offer amazing grace? [Music] Someone like me. [Music] Someone like me. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Aren't you glad this morning? Let's stand and give our Lord praise. Aren't you glad he saved someone like you? Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. those who have come to know God's grace. And there are so many other men in the Bible with weaknesses and different things in their lives. And you know what it takes? It takes Calvary. And he can save the worst of sinners. Can you say amen? We believe that with all of our heart this morning. If you would turn in the Bible with me to Psalms chapter 78. We're going to read a couple places in the scripture together. We welcome all of our visitors. Of course, we appreciate you being amongst us and we pray that you'll bring your hunger for the Lord and put it in with us and that makes us all the same. We have the same hunger for God and we come to the right place and that's to hear his word. Psalms chapter 78 of a couple unique places that I want to read here this morning and speak to you about the power of a father with the word. The power of a father with the word. Psalms chapter 78 and verse one. Give ear, oh my people, to my law. Incline your ears to the words of my mouth. I will open my mouth in a parable. I will utter dark sayings of old. I want you to pay attention to that that little phrase there uttering dark sayings of old which we have heard and known and our fathers have taught us and they've told us they've taught us. We will not hide them from their children showing to the generation to come the praises of the Lord and his strength and his wonderful works that he hath done. For he hath established a testimony in Jacob. Jacob means the children of Israel. He has established, God has established a testimony which means his ten commandments, his word, his precepts. He has established his precept in Israel. God has appointed a law in Israel which he commanded our fathers that they should make them known to their children. So God gives the word, but there's a commandment for the fathers to pass them on to their children, that the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born, who should arise and declare them to their children, that they might set their hope in God, and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments. What a tremendous multi-generational vision and passing down and responsibility the fathers have. 1 Corinthians chapter 4 in the New Testament. 1 Corinthians chapter 4 and verse 14. I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons, I warn you. So Paul the prophet is putting himself in a position or God put him in that position and he calls his converts and calls the people who are listening to him sons because because he's somewhat of a spiritual father to them. I write not these things to shame you because he had to give correction here and he had to give a lot of correction to the Corinthian church and when he was correcting them and getting them back on course he was being a spiritual father to them. Amen. I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons, I warn you. For though you have 10,000 instructors in Christ, not just not the world, in Christ, you have 10,000 instructors in Christ, yet have ye not many fathers. For in Christ Jesus, I have begotten you through the gospel. Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me. How much confidence is that to say you're my sons and daughters spiritually speaking? You should have confidence. Follow me as I follow Christ. I want you to notice you have 10,000 instructors. You may have a lot of instructors in Christ, but he's making a separation now. There's a lot of people instruct you, but the fathers are in a different category. When the father speaks the word, it has a lot more to it. Can you say amen? And how many can raise your hand and say, and some of you say you probably didn't, some of you didn't have that strong leadership with the father, but how many can say that God has a way of providing spiritual fathership when it's missing? Praise the Lord. He always will because that's the ones he wants to pass the word on to the next generation. Father, bless your word. We pray you anoint us, Lord. And I only preach what you give us, Lord, as we study and look at the things and pray. And we pray that it'll be a blessing to all that's here this morning in Jesus name. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. That phrase, we should utter the dark sayings of old. David said, I'm going to utter the dark sayings of old. And God is providing the word to his people. And it's I I kept looking that at that for actually for several weeks and wondering what this actually meant. This dark sayings of old. And when you have the word dark, dark means that it's a word that God has given that has it has the need uh to be spoken. It has the need not only to be spoken. Uh I looked it up and dark sayings actually means that there's a word that needs interpretation and it needs manifestation. So when it says uh that somebody needs to utter and speak dark sayings of old, they're actually the sayings of God. It's the precepts of God. But they have been lost. They have they have lost their light. And they're not dark because the word is dark. They're dark because they've become strange to the new generation because nobody is saying them. Somebody stopped saying them. Somebody stopped putting light on them. Somebody stopped uh speaking them and given interpretation to them. And so that's what it means by dark sayings of old. But he's saying, "I will utter the dark sayings of old." And uh and then it has of course when you speak of darkness uh then you you realize that you the contrast to that is light. And so when you are speaking dark sayings that have been lost, you're speaking light to that word. You're bringing light and you're bringing understanding. uh it's it becomes dark over time because it gets lost or it gets ignored uh by the main public in the in the world. It becomes dark because it gets ignored and it's not being spoken and lived in front of the new generation. If you go several generations and this word is not being spoken and it's not being lived because that's the other more powerful element. It's not just that it's said but it's lived in front of the new generation. And when you go several generations like that and it's not being spoken and it's not being lived, then you're going to have some problems. And the over time, the word gets lost. The word can get phased out when it stops getting spoken. I'd like you to anchor into a few of these foundational statements that the word, no matter how powerful it is, can get lost in a generation just simply because it's not being spoken. It must be spoken. Even when God spoke it, the spoken word is the original seed. It's the spoken word. It's not just that we have our Bibles and that we have these things and that's things that was spoken of course, but it has to be respoken. It has to he Jesus said, "My words that I speak unto you, my words that I speak," not just the words that's in your Bible, but my words that I respe unto you, they are spirit. They are life. They bring light to your life because then it moves away the darkness and so now you have understanding. Now you have light upon and when the word gets phased out and when it stops getting spoken. You see the word can get lost. The word can get lost in translation even it can become dark because it's interpreted by a denominational system. The word can be misinterpreted. It can get lost in translation. It can be interpreted by a denomination or by human beings that are kind of making up their own interpretation of it. And when you do that, it becomes dark. It loses its power. It loses its light. It loses its effect when it goes into darkness because men have put it into darkness themselves. One of the reasons that the precepts of God go dark is that the modern world smothers them out. It's kind of like an eclipse. when eclipse I know there's two types of eclipse but one of them is is when the earth gets in the way of the sun the sun is shining upon the church which is the moon and the earth the the world gets in the way of the sunlight and when it gets in the way the world gets in the way it darkens out the church it darkens out the effect of the light so that's an eclipse that's when darkness takes over can you say amen and and so then the word can get lost not only in translation But it can also get lost in an eclipse. And that I hope you're catching it. That's when the world becomes uh so uh involved so much in our lives that it begins to darken the precepts of God which is light. And so now our lives become darkened because why? We get away from the word. The the the world gets in the way. I don't know if you've lived that out or not that you had the light and then all of a sudden the world got in your way of the light and now your life becomes darkened. Why? Because the word has power in it. And when you darken that or where you smother it out, you're losing your life and power to be able to live. Let me remind you of something. When we come to God, we don't come with our own works. We don't come to try to figure stuff out ourselves. We don't come and say, "I'm going to do things in order to gain acceptance with God." You know what you do when you come to God? You just expose yourself to his light. Can I Can I get a response? People have complicated this so much and they think it all through. If I come to the Lord, I'm going to have to give up this and and they're more more worried about what they got to give up than what they'll get. People don't come to Christ because they're more worried about what they have to give up instead of what they're going to get out of it. Can you say, I guarantee you, you're going to get 10 times more back to you. Can you say your family's going to get more when you give up those things? You're going to get a lot in return. you're going to get uh he says you you bring us your ashes and he'll take gold and make it out of ashes. He'll turn it. The exchange that you uh that you get in Christ is a wonderful exchange. And so now we see that it can have be an eclipse when the world makes the principles of God stupid or the more the world says they don't fit anymore or the world says they they they make fun of it or it's out ofd. Oh, that that that that you're saying, daddy, is so irrelevant now. It's so 10 years ago. Uh what a deception to teach that somehow the word of God that comes from the mouth of God would would become something that would be out of date. That's such a deception because I believe when God speaks something, he had in mind all the pressures, all the temptations, all the perversions that would come even in 2025. And when he spoke his word, it's a timeless precept. And if the people will get a hold of it and respeak it to their children, it's a timeless truth. It has. We heard it Wednesday night from our brother from Nigeria. This word is not just a word. It has authority that goes with it. Can I get an amen? This word has authority already with it. It has power with it already. And so, you know, the world smothers it over. It's irrelevant. They make fun of it. Then someone starts then someone starts speaking truth that has become dark through the ages. And then someone rises up and begins to say it and begins to respeak it and begins to teach it to his family. Say, "We're going to believe this. We're going to follow this." And they start speaking no matter how odd it is. You know, sometimes I preach, sometimes I've told my children things, and I'm reminding them of what the prophet of God said, all the prophets of the Bible. I'm reminding them what the principles of the word are because if I don't, if I don't, then then all of the mo the new modern ideas will replace the word of God. Right? So, something has to be said and I have to be the bad guy. I hate being the bad guy, but somebody's got to say something. Somebody's got to step up to the plate. And I find sometimes you preach it or you say it and they look at you like you're from another planet. Why is that? Why is that? When things that used to be normal are not normal anymore. Principles of the word of God are completely crazy now. They're actually considered uh racism. They're actually considered all these new words that they have, homophobic and all that. When you speak the word of God, you can get put in a category that makes that precept of God seem like it's weird. So, you know, uh I'll remind you of a couple scriptures. You know, it should say sayings of light instead of sayings of dark sayings. It should be sayings of light because it should be the principles are of God are so visible and so known. You see because light is understanding. How many knows in the Bible when you talk of light, it doesn't mean a physical light. It means light means understanding. Light means revelation. Darkness is the opposite of that. Darkness in a generation means the lack of understanding of God's word and the understanding how to live in life. And when you go several generations, you don't have God's light. Then it becomes darkness. People do not I'll remind you of a scripture that has always explained it to me perfectly. John 1 and verse 5. I wonder if you could put these up. John 1 and verse 5. And the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not. It's about comprehension. It's about understanding. And God shines the light, but there's so much darkness that they don't understand because they're caught in their lack of understanding. When he brings his word, he's bringing light to your understanding. Christ brings light in the world. Here's another scripture. John 3, John 3 and:e 19. And this is the condemnation that light is come into the world and men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. Now just imagine that that a world becomes to the place that they actually love and are so used to the understanding because remember that's what we're talking about is understanding. They're so used to the understanding of the world that they actually love darkness rather than light. That's a sad state to be in. They actually begin to love the darkness. They're so comfortable with the darkness. They've learned to function with the darkness and they're actually don't want the light. They they this this is the condemnation by the way. This is the ultimate condemnation. That light comes into the world. His word is spoken by a prophet and all of a sudden now the light shine and men are so groped and so love their life and their lifestyle and their darkness that because their deeds are evil. Why do they why do they shun away from it? because it exposes. It's not just that it's going to shine light and bring all the good things to your life. It exposes things in your life. Praise the Lord. That's right. There's there's some people who've went away and some God led them to move away. But there's some people that don't like the exposure and the type of preaching that light shines in their lives. Because I'm not here just to pat us on the back, tell us how good we are. Can you say amen? I've got a responsibility to bring all the word of God to you. And sometimes that's going to expose things that you don't want exposed. Sometimes it exposes things in me. But I've learned to be comfortable with that because on the other side of it, I'm a I'm a victorious man. I feel good because God has exposed something in my life. It's a good thing. You think it's a bad thing, but it's a good thing when he does that. But men will run from it because their deeds are able. It exposes their deeds. It's an openness. Can you say amen? And people sometimes they stop coming because this is just I had one man say it's just this two rubber meets the road. This is two down where we're living at. He couldn't take it. He liked the preaching that's way up. You know, we're the bride and oh my we we we're predestinated and you know we're as good as in the rapture and all that. And I love to hear that too. We hear that over this pulpit. But I'm a little bit different because so sometimes because we are human beings and because we can get off track even with the Holy Ghost. We need correction as sons and daughters of God. And that correction is good when it shines light on something. People run from it. I'll tell you that they go and God bless you. You have to go somewhere else. I trust that the Lord will bless you somewhere else. But sometimes it's just a little too tight because I talk about things sometimes that nobody's talking about. I don't say that to boast. I say it. It's in the word. I've got to say it. That's right. But men love darkness rather than light. What kind of condition is that? Actually become so used to the darkness that they love it. So smother out any light or anyone who tells them about the light and get away from them who love uh who they they actually love a place where there's no light spoken in their life. I don't want to hear it. I I've heard it since I was a child. I don't want to hear it anymore. And so they they they they're getting used to the dark. Or maybe they're getting used to living in two worlds. I could talk about that another time. But you're getting used to used to be a song the Macami sang getting used to the dark. We're getting used to the dark. We're not asking him to change our hearts. We're just getting used to the dark. And sometimes those songs don't make it very well in the industry because they're pretty convicting. But she spoke a truth. Sister McCammy spoke a truth. We're getting used to the dark and running from the light. You see, you know, my my wife, she she likes it pitch black in the bedroom when she sleeps. Now, wait a minute. I should I re I'm not associating my my wife with liking the darkness. Okay, let's qualify. This is Father's Day and I don't need to get in trouble. I want to go have that dinner today. But she does. She loves it. And she don't like one little nightlight. Nothing. I've tried just a little so light. And the reason that I like it is because I got to have something to find my way to the bathroom during the night. My toes have been stubbed way too many times. My knees have come across the bed, the end of the bed, cuz I couldn't see where the end of the bed was. And I don't understand why we can't just have a little light in our lives. We have it in all the rest of our life. We have the word, but we can't have it when we sleep. Not one thing. And then if I just if I, you know, we got Okay, never mind. We just I try one little thing. Why is that light on? Why is that? I can't sleep. You woke me up. So, I hate to say this, but because of this uh pressure in my life, I have had to learn how to walk in the pitch dark to count my steps like a blind person around the bed because since our marriage, for some reason, she gets the side of the bed that's closest to the bathroom. I didn't hear that in the marriage ceremony. I didn't hear that in any kind of contract. It's just a given. She always, even in motel, she gets the place closer to the bathroom. And I need the bathroom a lot these days. And so I have learned one, two, three to the baby steps. Baby steps to the end of the bed. baby steps around the bed, but I have knocked my head into things. I have been injured. Then you yell out an ouch and you wake her up anyway. It's sad, but I thought of this last night when I'm thinking of people getting used to the dark because they don't want the light, right? But also, that's the way it is in this world. So, they just get used and they actually fall in love with the darkness and they learn how to function in a dark world. They just function. and they're just barely surviving. They don't want the light in their life, but they've learned how to function in the darkness. I think that's really sad. When you have light and you have the message, which is the light on the scripture, when you have the word, when you have availability to all light that gets us in a rapture, why would anybody want to stay in darkness? Let's not learn to function in darkness. Let's learn how to function in the light because we can. Can I get an amen? We can function in the light. And so our text then says, look, and and I want you to look at our text in Psalm 78. Look who falls in the hands of taking this word that's dark and speaking it. And the word says it and the testimony, the commandments are given by the prophet Moses. And look who whose hands it falls into to respe it. Fathers. Fathers. It didn't say preachers. Now, I know preachers are spiritual fathers and they speak things. It didn't say Sunday school teachers. We thank God for our Sunday school teachers. But when it says it here that when the word comes from a pro prophet, he mentions fathers as being the one that you have a mandate. You have a responsibility to take those dark sayings and bring light to them and pass them to the next generation. Yes, sir. You not what you will not find a greater top responsibility of a father. You're not a father because you just fathered a child and you had a baby with a woman. You're you're just a daddy that had a baby with a woman. But there's very few fathers in this generation. A father number one priority, he's going to pass the word to the next generation. Can I say it again? A spiritual father is has a a a responsibility to take this word and respeak it and live it in front of his kids so that he when he's gone and kicks the bucket that word will live on with his legacy. All of these are important. Sunday school teachers, instructors, preachers, all these things. And pro a prophet, that's important because he's always the mouthpiece beast of God. In the Bible, the prophets were the mouthpiece of God. God didn't have any other lips besides the prophet to speak things. That's what he used to speak the original word is a prophet. But in this scripture, we realize the prophet spoke it, but it's passed down. It's uttered. gets passed to the next generation by uh fathers speaking it to the next generation saying it. This is it. This is what God's word says. I'm just re reiterating it to you. I'm echoing it to you. This is what God's prophet said. And uh and we find who who makes sure that it's carried on after the prophet is gone. The fathers make sure that the prophet's word is carried on to the next generation. The prophet is gone. He speaks it and then he goes on to be with the Lord whose responsibility is to take that prophet's word and hold it up before his family. The fathers the fathers. Fathers that's in their hands. Now what kind of influence and power on the next generation are we talking about here? Brother Steve Brouson was here and he had a section of his teaching on the family that spoke about women. the woman living on the voice of the of the man or the father or not just the voice of promise. He talked about it's not just that the man speaks and he was getting into how that it can be very detrimental to a woman if a if a man is silent especially on spiritual things. It creates insecurity in a family and in a wife if the husband is silent. Uh and I'm not talking about being shy. There are men that are more shy. There are men are more vocal. And I'm talking about that every man, whether he's shy or whether he's vocal, has a responsibility to speak the word to his family, to read the word to his family. I might get real basic here this morning and say to you just a simple thing. If you're not opening your Bible or or a message book or something and reading it to your family at least once a week or if not every day, just for a short time, you say, "Well, those little little babies, you know, they don't understand." Just do it. You don't realize the power that is over those kids. Amen. So, we just just fatherhood 101 here this morning. If you're not doing that, if you're not getting them in church, go ahead. Amen. You see, when you speak dark sayings that aren't popular, you might not get a lot of amens, but I'm telling you, you brothers have a responsibility to have your family and expose them to being in the house of God around the body of Christ. Get them up early. Get them there. And I appreciate all the fathers who do that. But some of you need to come on board and realize the responsibility of that and to teach them at home. In Deuteronomy, it says, "Teach them to thy children. Put them upon the doorpost of your house. Put them upon the the signs in your house. Put put them upon your bed post. Put the word in front of your family." It's the responsibility of the father and mother to do that. Keep the word. And you may not be a success in this world. You might not leave them a great inheritance. I'll tell you, my dad didn't leave us hardly anything, but he left us a wealth of things when he taught us and lived this message with all of his heart. I'm a rich man today, not in money from my dad, but in the spiritual wealth that he passed on to our family. He had devotions with us. He sat with us. We repeated the Lord's prayer even when we were young, very young children. He was consistent with that. He was consistent in church. And that got passed on. I don't want to I I didn't want to speak of my family. We've got great men of God here that's held this word up. They're not perfect, but they've held this word up before the family. My point to you today is that's the main priority is hold this prophet's word up in front of your family. That's the best thing you can do for your children. Say, "Well, I want to leave them an inheritance. I want to leave them money." All that is wonderful, but it's secondary. Never let that be more important than holding the word in front of your family. That's a true father. It's the voice of this father and the voice of a man that's respeaking things. And that's the bride. We live by the word. It's the woman. We're the bride. And Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." The bride lives by the word. The bride of Christ survives and lives and overcomes by what's been spoken to us. Man shall not live by bread alone. It It's not the things of the world. It's not all the money. It's not all these other things, but we're the bride lives by the word. I need a fresh word from God. Can you say amen? I need that word from the prophet and the scriptures to be re-spoken to me today. That's why I got my family in church. I need that word before me all the time. I need it to be resoken to me. I need to be reminded of it. Can you say amen? And I'm not never going to let that in. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be wherever it is. I'm going to be in the Bible because God can give me something for my family. And I'm going to make that the top priority. Can you say amen? I'm going to I'm It creates security in a wife when the the man and it creates security in the children if the man is a spiritual leader. Doesn't have to be a preacher. Doesn't have to, you know, don't take your two two year olds and go through the whole series of the seven seals with them. I'm not talking about that. But you adapt to what their age is. and and and if you adapt to their age, you just bring them along and then later they'll be wanting to talk about things like that because it's important. All those things are important. We should never ignore any of them. But you see now just saying that word just I was trying to look it up last night because years ago I heard in the early 1900s there was a big spike in u the uh literacy rate going up in the schools. And they kept researching trying to figure out what is this big spike going up in the literacy rate going up in children. confidence that they jump into their schoolwork. And finally, when it was all said and done, they find that the fathers were sitting and reading their Bible with their family and their children. And they attributed that was the most contribution to increasing the confidence and the literacy rate when they went to school. What's it about the father's power and the father's security he provides in the word? You try to provide security in money. I want to leave my kids all this thing. Well, you're going to get more security if you left them a legacy of pointing them to the word of God. Whatever way God leads you to do it, you don't have to be a preacher, but your legacy, if you want to leave a leg, leave a legacy, leave that legacy with your children. Is this okay with everybody today? You know, you create security by the things that you say. And he talked, brother Steve Brasson talked, you can listen to it again. We're getting ready to put the messages out. wonderful family series. But when a a husband or father's voice is silent, especially on spiritual things, he's he's got lock jaw and he don't talk about it. When he does that, it creates insecurity for the entire family. But when the father is vocalizing things, it creates security. When God spoke things through the prophet to his elect, it creates security in our hearts. You say amen. When God speaks, when God went to Calvary, when Jesus went to Calvary, what did it do? It creates security in the bride of Jesus Christ. That I don't have to earn this by my own works. He went to Calvary for me. So, you can create security, settleness, peace, or you can create chaos. You can create unsettledness. I don't know where daddy stands. I don't know how many daddies through the years that they tended church over and over again. They were here and some of them even faithful, but their heart wasn't in it. And guess who could tell? Maybe me as a pastor, probably not the rest of the congregation. Hey, they're here good enough, but the kids and the wife eventually sense, "Daddy's not on board. Daddy never hardly responds. Is this okay?" the kids pick up on if daddy's not all in and sold out to this thing. And eventually you see the fruits of it is the children, they don't have nothing secure and solid to to fall back. And a lot of times they don't respond to the invitation of the Holy Spirit because they haven't seen daddy respond. They haven't seen brokenness in daddy. They haven't seen him broken to say my life and repenting and repenting to them and repenting to God. These are all things that show you're a man. Because how many you know Jesus is not only lion but he's a lamb. He's the perfect man. What kind of man is this? He's the lion but he's the lamb. He has both sides. He's a lion to roar when he has to roar to speak the word. Can you say amen? When the rest of the whole jungle kingdom is screaming and it's chaos. The lion speaks and everything else shuts down. But then there's another part to Jesus Christ, the man, and that's the lamb willing to sacrifice, willing to go to Calvary, willing to die out to himself so his family can be healthy, willing to die to his the temptations he keeps falling into. I'm doing this for my family. I'm doing this for the sake of my family. I lay this down for the sake of my family. Praise the Lord. It brings confidence in them. It brings confidence when you're saying with your lips, "This is where our boundaries are. This is what our family stands for. We have a safety zone to run to, family, and this is the safety zone. This is the place I've been speaking about, the hiding place and the secret place." And and and let me just say to the congregation, those who are in our congregation, I want to say to you that there's a reason God leads a pastor to speak about these things. And if you come up onto trials in the next few weeks or next few months, let me tell you what's being preached over this pulpit is God's answer for your life. That you have a hiding place that nothing in this life that would happen ever changes your position with God, your peace with God, your rest with God. You need to be in that place in case something comes up that you can't handle. Don't ever underestimate what God's speaking ahead of time to prepare you for what's coming. But we have a safety zone. We can tell our kids we have to say we have a we have a bomb shelter in our home. Look at the brother from Israel now with his family. Two little kids, three little kids. And there he is looking outside his window with the with the things being shot from Iran. Look at these things happen. We don't live in that, but we we might someday. And and to have a bomb shelter that's in the bottom of your house may not be enough, but this word is a shelter from the storm. This word is a hiding place. Can I get an amen? We have a bomb shelter in our home. And you're telling it's the word of God. And that hiding place is the word. And it is a safety zone. Why do I know? Cuz dad spoke the word to us. And it is our safety zone. Praise the Lord. Brother Bram says, "I'm so glad that we have a shelter. My wife gave me this quote this week. It was wonderful. Sent it to our family." So, you know, she's not she's of the light, you know. She sends me quotes. I'm redeeming myself here. She sends me some wonderful quotes. I'm so glad that we have a shelter. The name of the Lord is a mighty tower. the righteous run into it and are safe. No matter how many bombs or many things, and I'm reading this because of the recent events the last few days, no matter how many bombs or how many anything else, we're safe there. So, the world and the sinner not having this shelter or this safety place, it's a shaking time. I believe if I wasn't a Christian, I'd go crazy to thinking of what might happen at any time. And with a house full of little kitties and everything, I wouldn't know what to do. But I'm so glad that I can stand in my house and introduce them to a shelter that no bomb could ever touch. Nothing else under the protecting wings of our Lord Jesus. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit saith the Lord. And that is our protection. That is our protection. Praise the Lord. our text now going back again. I want to read it in Psalms 78. I want to just follow along with it and look at some things uh related. I don't want to miss these wonderful things in Psalms. So, where was it? Back to Psalm 78, I believe. It is Psalms 78. Just reading through. We have verse three. Which we have known and our fathers have told us. We will not hide them from their children, showing to the generation to come the praises of the Lord and his strength and his wonderful works that he has done. What am I speaking about? It's not always reading the word. It's telling testimonies. It's telling your testimony. That's right. Let your kids hear your testimony. Let your kids know how God uh brought you to truth. Let your kids speak it to them. Say it to them. You're passing something down. Daddy met God. Let your kids know the story of how you and your wife met. Let your kids know the story of the past mighty works he has done. Can you say amen? Let your kids know the praises of the Lord, his strength. If there was something that happened that God showed up, tell that story to your children and his wonderful works that he had done. For he has established a testimony. That means a law precepts. God gave the word and then it says which he commanded our fathers. He gave a command to the fathers that sh they should make these precepts known to their children to declare them to them to make them known to put light on the word so that they can see it clearly. He is handing this to the fathers. Why? Why? The prophet spoke it. The prophets in the Bible have it. But why is he handing it to the fathers to respe to the new generation? Because that's the person that's closest the closest connection on a daily basis to the ears of those kids. Not just the mother, but he has the closest Can you imagine, brothers, where you stand today? The closest connection to pass on the prophet's word to them by your own lips. and you're the closest connection. I'd rather you get the word in them before any teacher, before any college professor, before anyone. The mom gets them first. Brother Bram said that the young years and then about 1213, I'm going to say this because it's been echoed here many times. But there's there's a transition even in tribes and different things overseas. 12, 13, 14 years old, the mom backs off and lets the dad take over and give him direction. There's something natural about it. And when the mom doesn't back off, she's just there for the boys or the girls. She's just there for them. But when when that real training comes in, she still does it. But she's had her part to play when they were young. And now that transition comes and you don't want to have a mother smothering their children or especially their boys, but they have to be given liberty because they're going to find their own way and they're given instruction by their daddy, whatever it is in business and things, but especially in the things of God. Then you're really praying that they receive and have a connection with God themselves. That's what you should really pray is let my children get the same God and the same Holy Ghost that I got because they're not going to make it without that. They're going to have to make their own decisions. Someday they're going to have to uh launch out on their life. What a terrible thing to launch out in life without having the Holy Ghost and a conversion on their soul. Can you say amen? That's why we pray so hard that God would get a hold of them. I just two or three uh want to be baptized now. I believe some young children again. We thank God for God dealing with their hearts. And I've said it before, you don't really you can't underestimate what they're hearing in their spiritual ears. And when God moves on their heart, you're leading them and everything. that when God touches them and makes it personal and they say, "I want to give my life to God. I want to be baptized with no coaching by the parents, you know, God is moving in to take that life over." We should be thanking God for that. We should be praying for that. Praise the Lord. He's handing it off to the fathers because they have the closest connection on a daily basis to those kids in this world. They're never going to hear this stuff. in this world. They're they're going to be in a world that mocks their their college professors and the influence are going to mock the word and mock the message of the hour. Amen. That's the world they're going into. They're going to find every way to reason out of it. They're going to say, you know, they're going to make it a cult. They're going to say everything. And some that even left the message turn around and make it that. Well, you better know where you stand. That's right. You better cling to a spiritual father. Paul says there may be a thousand instructors but none will be so powerful as a father both physically of the physical the physical father you have being a spiritual head and a spiritual father. When no one else says what Moses says anymore, a true father will say what he says. When you have voices in your life like that saying that no one dares to say. When you have a voice in your life that's saying the things that no one dares to say, it's not popular anymore. When you have that, that's a father in your life that God has provided in your life. To say the things that's unpopular to say, to say the correction that's unpopular to say. To say the correction when you might get laughed at and somebody says it because it's not daddy's word, it's the word of God. So, I'm willing to bear a little bit of the reproach because I've got a confidence this isn't my word. I've told my children that I'm echoing things the prophet said and I said this isn't my word. This is the scripture. It's not daddy's doctrine. Don't follow this because what daddy believes but follow it because it is the word of God. It doesn't change from generation to generation. It is our safe place. It is our stronghold. It is our tower that we run into. And if daddy goes and I I I I heard back that one of my sons says if daddy would go arai and the whole church would fall apart where do we stand in this message in this word? It's a good question all you young people to ask if that was removed in your life and people go arai where do you stand with this word? I'm going to be clinging to spiritual fathers that's going to keep proclaiming it to me. Amen. Look at this multi-generational impact that the generation to come, this is what the effects the generation to come, verse six, might know them, even the children which should be born who should arise and declare them to their children. It's passed on through the fathers. It's passed on. When David says this, it's 350 years past Moses saying the commandments of God. 350 years David is saying, "Let the fathers keep saying these dark sayings. Let them utter them." Praise the Lord. What's the fruit of it? Generation might know them, even the children which are born, who should rise up and declare them with children. Here's the real effect. Verse seven. that they might set their hope in God and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments. Set their hope in God. Isn't that wonderful? I love for my children to set their hope in God. David, it's 350 years. David, David, come on. It's been 350 years since Moses gave those things. Dad, that's so 350 years ago. But dads, I don't care how dark it seems. Speak it. Amen. Say it. Speak it. Teach it. Live it. Can you say amen? Talk about those things. Who the father? So, who is the real father? Not someone who can just have a kid. Not just a man who puts food on the table, and that's a good thing. You should do that. But it's not. A real father is not just the one who gives you clothes to wear or leaves you inheritance. It's someone who speaks and lives the principles of God and they're not afraid to stand up for it even when it's not cool. Even when it gets out of date to your children, somebody's got to speak it again. And even when it's not cool. And also, I might say this, when they look at daddy, the word is in a bondage to them. The message isn't a bondage. It's not a frustration. It's not a downer. Kids can tell if this is a downer or if it's really life to you. Can I say it again? Kids pick up on somebody who's not allin and it's a real downer and it's really bondage. I grew up in this and yes, I'm going to say this to you, but they can tell that you're not allin. It should be a passion. It should be your greatest joy. You're not afraid to stand for it even when it's not cool. It's not bondage to you. It's not frustration to you. It's exciting to daddy. It's his greatest love. He loves to talk about God's precepts. It's a joy to him. He will do it even when his teenagers start calling it lectures. And it's not received well. When the teenagers are starting to say, "Oh, I know, Dad. I know, Mom. I know. Another lecture. Another lecture. I won't ask for a show of hands. How many's heard that before? And it's just the stage they go through. They're viewing it as another lecture. And so, I don't know. I can't tell you how to deal with that. It's just smile and keep saying it. Paul told Timothy, he said, "Be instant in season and out of season." And there's one translation that says, "Timothy, preach it when they want to hear it and keep preaching it when they don't want to hear it. Don't cram it down their throat." That's a wrong parent to do that. There's boundaries. There's respect. But you got to keep speaking it. and his word will not return void. Can you say amen when you know it's his word? You go through ages, you know, where even the stuff that you wear is uncool, you know, to your kids. Problem with my kids is they let me know that. I I bought the nicest pair of shoes and I thought they were the coolest things because they're not only cool, and I don't mean cool cold, they're they're cool and they're Sketchers. I'm I'm promoting Sketchers today because they're not only cool, but they're comfortable and you don't have to bend down to tie them. You just Brother Bart, are you a Sketchers guy? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. And we think we think they're cool, but I wore those last year. I walked in in front of my son Solomon and his buddy from town, and they both look at my shoes and they go, "What are you wearing? the the knee doctor the other day, she was looking at my shoes. I had another one a pair of shoes and she said she said, "Those shoes you're wearing, they may be cool, but they're not going to help your knees." So, I'm hearing it from everybody now. But I got these really cool shoes and I wore a shirt here a few weeks ago and you know I got a picture up on the family telegram or chat or whatever it is and and what is that dad? What are you doing? How much did you spend for that? Give me give me it back. I'll take it back for you. And you know what? Sometimes I let them know that I'm so confident that in a lot of ways I know for years I have set the new fashion trends in this message. I just let them know. So they need just need to give it time because things are coming back. Ann Landers says this. When I was four years old my daddy can do anything. When I was 5 years old my daddy knows a whole lot. When I was six years old, my dad is smarter than your dad. When I was eight years old, my dad doesn't know exactly everything. When I was 10 years old, in the olden days, when my dad grew up, things were so different. When I was 12 years old, oh well, naturally, dad doesn't know anything about that. He is too old to remember his childhood. When I was 14, here's where it gets real sticky. When I was 14 years old, don't pay any attention to my dad. He is so old-fashioned. When I was 21 years old, him he's hopelessly out of date. When I was 25 years old, dad knows about it, but then he should. He's been around for so long. When I was 30 years old, maybe we should ask dad what he thinks. After all, he's had a lot of experience. When I was 35 years old, I'm not doing a single thing until I talk to dad. When I was 40 years old, I wonder how dad would have handled this. He was so wise. When I was 50 years old, I'd give anything if dad were here now so I could talk this over with him. Too bad I didn't appreciate how smart he was. I could have learned a lot from him. They may go through stages up and down with their attitude towards you. But the word stays the same. Our attitude towards the word should stay the same. Our consistency should stay the same. Because if God gets a hold of their heart, they kind of grow out of those stages and realize, "Dad was pointing us to the only absolute that we have in this life, and that's the word of God." Can you say amen? It may have sounded like this back then in David's time. Kids, let me read some things to you, kids. God sent us a prophet. He gave us a word from God. It was actually wrote out by God on stone by God himself. He wrote it out. It was so important. He wrote it in the mountain, but it came right from God. That word came right from God. And then his prophet went down and spoke it to his people. He's telling his kids, God sent a word. He told us told us how to live. God sent a prophet and he spoke those words for God so he could come down out of the mountain and give it to the people so we would know. And guess what, kids? That word was the Ten Commandments. And you know what, kids? Every one of those commandments, God must have knew because every one of those commandments of thou shalt not steal and thou shalt not commit adultery. Every one of those address a problem that we already have in our fallen nature. God addressed every one of those things in his law to address a problem that we couldn't overcome ourselves. We're born with a nature. We're born with things that we want to do. And it takes the new birth. Amen. Yes sir. Only one thing, the new birth. That's it. Not even a law to live by. That's a wonderful thing. But daddies today are given the full story. And that is God gives his word, but he also gives his spirit to live it. You still with me? A couple more minutes. Every one of those commandments address a problem that we have in our nature that we're born with. And then when Moses spoke the ten commandments, then the days after it broke into many, many more things so specific that God must have loved us to be specific of how we live, what we do in our homes, how we do this, how we do that. God God was so specific to speak through the prophet for our lives. He must have loved us so much because he wanted us to give us some precepts, some principles, a testimony to live by. It must have been the heart of love that breathed these things out through his prophet. Daddy, did he say anything about what a girl should wear? Did he say anything about the difference between boys and girls and we should always keep them separate and they should dress separate? Did he say anything about that? And daddy says,"I glad you asked." I'm glad you're asking that question. I honor you for asking that question because you're curious and you want to know, "Did God say something about this?" And you can safely say, "He did." Sometimes you say, "I don't know. Let me go check." Can you say amen? Because there's some questions these days you got to do some research. But every time, friends, every time that I'm looking for an answer for my family, I find it in the word of God. I find it because God would not leave us without his answers. What is daddy doing? Yes, dad's honey. Dad's dad's telling you that the prophet spoke these things. It's so specific. You wouldn't believe how specific it is. even a protection over a daughter. If she would get engaged and make a promise she shouldn't make, the daddy's authority could break that promise that she's made because the daddy has that kind of authority and protection over a daughter's life. All these things and I'm saying some things sometimes that you don't even know about, but yet they're in the word of God. I think we should know. And I think we should know what God carried on to this generation through his prophet because there were things that went dark. There were things that went dark even in the last century. What a woman should wear went dark in this century. And guess what? We had a spiritual father 60 years ago in the prophet and he took those dark sayings and he spoke them and he put light on them and he says, "Yes, this is what God's heart is. What a woman should wear, what a man should wear, how a godly man should be." Yes, he spoke it. Now I need you to respe it. Yes, he spoke those things. What is daddy doing? He's making dark precepts and bringing them to light. Shedding light on something they never will hear in this world. And if they do, it will never be as powerful as a spiritual father saying it. I think we should do these things for our families. Brothers, some of you already are, but uh it's a call for men to be men and fathers to be fathers. It's not just an encouragement to fathers today, but it's also a call for you to rise. You say, "Well, it's I've done so many mistakes. I don't even know what to do now." Just rise and expose yourself to the light and start speaking it. Say, "God, fill me with your spirit." Can I get an amen? The devil likes you to live in your past, all your mistakes. No, I'm I'm pointing you to your future. It's time to make changes. And when you make even small changes, you watch that little family come along and say, "We'll get behind that." Because it's security to them. I'm shedding light on something that this world will never show them. It will never be as powerful though as a spiritual father saying, "I think we should do it, brothers. I think we should hand our families in church. I think we should speak the word of God." If your children are grown, then you keep holding that up in your life that you live. But if you feel overwhelmed in a in a nutshell, it's just you exposing yourself to the light. Can you say amen? This light has the power to do its work. It's not that you bring your works before God, but you expose yourself to light yourself. And everything dark turns to light through the word of God. Can you say amen? There's another section in I'm going to point you to read in in Jeremiah 35. I don't have time. I'm going to bring this to a close. There's a whole another section about a brother Jonadab and his family was the Recoite family. And once again, 300 years later after David. So now you got 350 years that I said from Moses to David. And David said, "The fathers ought to take these precepts and speak them again in front of their children to affect the next generation." Speed ahead 300 years, 350. It's I was looking it up. We're somewhere around there. And you have a family, the Recoite family in the church. And you find there that the prophet invites them to the temple, the whole family, and lays wine in front of them and bottles of wine and cups. And he's doing it for a purpose. He's doing it to prove a point to Israel that they're they're not listening and they're rebellious. But he brings a particular family in front of them, puts wine in front of them. And they all say, "We are not going to participate in this. We don't drink. And you know what it come from? 300 years before a brother Jonadab laid that down for his family for future generations. There's a bad Jonadab in the Bible. But this is the good one. So don't read the bad one. And he set that 300 years earlier to a family. And that family tradition and that family word continued and was so strong after 300 years that even in the modern-day temptation of wine being foot and put in front of them, they said, "We have a family principle. We don't drink wine." And who is it established by? A daddy who was a powerful man. He was an ordinary man in his time, but became very famous. wasn't a prophet, but he became very famous in his time for his wisdom and his piety and the way that he led his children. He also said, "We're going to live in tents. We're going to do this." He had a bunch of things he laid out and after 300 years, they were still doing it because they had such respect for what that man laid down. Don't tell me that the word established for your family is not going to last from generation to generation. The world may fall apart and even those kids sometimes may fall apart but the word remains the same and Christ's love remains the same. Christ doesn't change his love for you. Can you say amen? One more thing that the prophet said here in what dust thou hear 59. Do you know the walk that we make makes an example for others? really is an old story some years ago in England. There was a man he taught he thought that he would go out and have a little friendly drink at Christmas time just for fellowship. And he went out amongst his neighbors and he was exchanging presents and everybody would say to him, "Now John, just take a little drink of this and a little sip here and a little sip there." And he really got intoxicated. And on his road home, there had come a snow about 6 in and his little boy was following him. He couldn't pack him. He was too drunk and he was on his road home and he happened to turn around and notice his boy just almost wallowing in the snow. And he said, "Son, why are you wallowing in that snow?" He said, "Daddy, I'm trying to follow in your footsteps." And he picked up the little lad up in his arms and he said, "God, from this day on, I'll never take another drink." What jolted him? His son was following him. His son was watching what he was doing. I'm not here to be a a a bad guy to you today. I'm just holding something in front of you. There's a better life when we bring the word of God into our life. And I'll say it again. You think you got to figure it out. How am I going to do this? How how am I going to change my life? No, no, no. Don't try to change your life. Just expose yourself to the word the light and these dark things and maybe you're hearing for the first time today they won't be dark anymore all of a sudden they become important things like this man it become very important he realized and look at the commitment he can make right then say from this day forward I'm done with that and look what the effect is because I've got little eyes watching my life when I leave here someday I wouldn't want them to leave with that impression in their mind that daddy was compromising. I want them to believe that daddy stood for what was right. God bless the men of God who stand for the word of God. God bless the men who echo the message of this hour and the scriptures to their children and family. God bless them and God bless you for starting today to do that. God will bless you for it. You love the Lord this morning. God bless you. Let's stand and pray. Known him as a father, known him as a friend. I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. Oh Jesus, help us, Lord. From the moment that I wake until I lay my head, I receive of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. Yes, you have, Lord. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. Known you as as a spiritual father this morning. I have live in the goodness. That's right. Of God. Sing it now everybody. All my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. I love this verse. I love this. I love your Lord. We need to hear his voice. You have led me through the fire. His voice has security in it. You are just like no other. I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. All my life he's been a faithful father to us. He's never been inconsistent. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. So good. Every breath that I will take, oh, I will sing of the goodness from God. Think about this now. This is the father. Oh, this is the father. Your goodness is running after. It's running after. Amen. Your goodness is running after. is running out to me in my life right now. I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. It's running out. Your goodness is running out. Your goodness is running out. It's running out. And we love you, Lord, for your goodness. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. My life is made out. I'm now [Music] running after running after me. Can you pray this morning? Just bow your heads and pray. And I just I plead with you as a minister of the gospel, while the bombs are while the bombs are being sent, while we're right on the verge possibly of another another war. I don't say that to scare you. I say it to put the fear of God in you. If you haven't completely surrendered, his goodness is running after you. The father's running after you. With my life laid down, I surrender now. That's all it takes. Exposing yourself. Lord, I believe what's been spoken is the truth. And I want to receive the Lord Jesus. I'm 14 years old. I'm 20 years old. I'm 50 years old. Doesn't matter the age. I'm ready to stop this up and down in my life. And I'm ready to give my life completely to the Lord. He's here this morning. He'll receive you. You just raise your hand. We'll pray together. Our precious Lord, would you be mindful of a heart this morning that would be searching for you? When I talked about darkness over this world and darkness even over the word, people can't even find it anymore. Well, Lord, that's not true this morning because you shine your light brightly. I pray Lord that light would push back push back the darkness in that person's life. Lord, if they're feeding on things that's bringing dark spirits and opening up to portals of demons, oh God, may they stand today and say, "I need my life sanctified by the word of God. Come into my life, Lord Jesus. Come into my heart. Take over. Take the control tower over, Lord. I pray, Lord. May your love break through. I'm letting it break through to my life just now. And as the song says, I'm laying it down because your goodness, Lord, has always been there for me. I'm not going to turn that down anymore. I'm not going to turn it down. I'm going to receive. I'm going to accept the pardon for my life. A pardon isn't a pardon until accepted as a pardon. My life hasn't been right, but Lord, would you make it right today as I expose myself to your light? Bless us. Bless the fathers. Encourage them. May they stand, Lord. May they step out, Lord, and realize this is something so powerful in their lives. Make the changes in us, Lord. We pray. We commit every life to you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. If you want to come to this altar this morning, it's open to just go before God. We'll pray with you. Nothing is more important than being close to the Lord and knowing where you stand in this late hour. So, we open it up to you this morning as we continue to worship. God bless you each one and enjoy your day with your fathers and the families today. God bless you each one. remember Wednesday night's service and also next Saturday at 6:00. God bless you. How many believe the name of the Lord is a strong tower? The righteous run into it and they're saved. Isn't that amazing? He has a place for us to run into and his goodness is running after us. And so it's a it's a it's a win-win situation when you were surrendered to the Lord. Can you say amen? Praise be to God. All my life you have been faithful. Gideon, come and sing. Yes. All my life, so good. So good. [Music] Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life, [Music] all my life, you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am in, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. [Music] All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am in. Oh, I receive of the goodness. Now, all my life, all my life, all my life, you have been faithful. Thank you, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am making, oh I will sing of the goodness of God [Music] making. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. You unravel me. You unravel me with the mey. You surround me with a song [Music] of deliverance. from all my eneies till all my fears are gone. Now I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. Yes, Lord. Oh, from my mother's womb. You have chosen me. Your love has called my name. I've been born again into a family. Your blood flows through my no longer. I'm no longer [Music] to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. Oh, you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. Yes, Lord. You rescued me so I could stand and see. Oh, I am a child of God. You split the seas. Oh, you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were around in perfect love. Oh, you rescued me so I can stand and see. I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Praise the Lord. Gifty, gifty. Take me deeper, [Music] deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me, Lord. Oh, take me deeper. Deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper. deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. There is a longing, Lord. Oh, there is a longing. Only you can fill [Music] a raging tempest. [Music] Only you can still. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I've known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. So take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than never been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in the sunrise. Yes, Lord. Oh, sunrise to sunrise. I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. Open the wheel of [Music] your presence forever sisfied to take me to deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close to your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me. Take me deeper. Oh, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close to your embrace. Take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more. How I long to be deeper in love.
