################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 2025.06.08 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - He Shall Hide Me (Part 2) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    2025.06.08 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - He Shall Hide Me (Part 2)
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Testimony Service
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Tg3wot8gQ
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening
1:43 Preservice Worship
2:26 Opening Prayer
3:46 Preservice Worship
30:06 Preservice
27:09 Testimony - Sharon VanWyk
36:48 Special - The Same God
40:53 Preservice
41:50 Special - Rejoice
45:33 Preservice
48:10 Sermon
2:13:28 Postservice Worship
2:15:50 Congregational Prayer
2:21:49 Postservice
2:23:06 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Each tear that falls and hears me well. Can we all stand and sing that? Oh, he knows. He knows my name. He knows my thought. And he sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Hallelujah. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads in word prayer. Dear you, heavenly father, Lord, we're so thankful to be here again, God. Thankful for your grace this morning. Thankful for your mercy, God. Thankful for your blood, Lord. Lord, we just ask that, Lord, Lord, you would be welcome in this place this morning, Lord Jesus. God, not in just this building, Lord, but into our hearts, Lord, into our our minds, Lord Jesus, everything about us, Lord. We give up, Lord, in Jesus name. Lord, we just uh God, we know that Lord, we can Lord sing, Lord Jesus, till we lose our voice, God, lift our hands till we lose all strength, Lord Jesus. But God, if you're not here, Lord, what does it matter, Lord Jesus? So God, right now, we welcome you, Lord. And if you are in this place right now, Lord, take complete control of every heart, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just ask for your preeminence, God, authority, Lord Jesus, God, in this place, Lord. Bless your word, God, as it comes forth. Thank you for your many blessings on our l our life Lord God. The external blessings and the internal blessings Lord Jesus that you give us each and every day God. But Lord help us Lord on the the other side Lord to be yielded to you completely Lord. We love you Lord. We just give you this service God. Give you our hearts in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. I'm just glad to be here again. Are you glad to be here? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing a few songs this morning. We can go around and greet each other in the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this song this morning. He's kept me alive. Has he kept me alive? Amen. Through every through everything in your life, he's kept you alive. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. He's kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive through all these years. He's kept me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Even though the devil thought I give up, never survive. The Lord has kept me alive. Oh, he's kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive through all these years. Kept me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Even though the devil thought I'd give up, never survived. The Lord has kept me alive. Oh, he's kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive through all these years. He's kept me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that he send me. Even though the devil thought I give up, never survive. The Lord's got me alive. I'm a clever. Oh, he's kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive through all these years. He's kept me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Even though the devil thought I give up, never survive. He's kept me alive. First verse. Oh, Caleb was a man who was there from the start to follow the Lord with all of his heart. The one who said, "We're more than able to take the land." Hallelujah. Oh, he came through the wilderness to thick and thin. He even saw the people fall into sin. After it all, he wanted everyone to understand. Oh, he's got me alive. The Lord has kept me alive through all these years. He's kept me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Even though you never thought I'd do never survive. The Lord has kept me alive. Oh, I look through the years, all the victories won. I stand amaze all that God has done. Now, who shall we feel more than able to take the land? Thank you, Lord. Oh, [Music] the giants of man and the powers of hell by the grace of God are all standing and here to tell you he's got me. He's kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive through all these years. He's kept me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Even [Music] me alive [Music] kept me alive [Music] me alive. I'm just as strong as the day that even the never survive. Lord has kept me alive. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. We can testify of that. And I'm not just talking about the physical body. I'm not talking about that. I mean, we can thank the Lord for that. And I do thank the Lord for that. He's kept me alive. Amen. I can breathe this morning. But the spiritual life, amen, that he's given me, he's kept me alive all these years. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. That's one to praise the Lord about. Amen. Because this this body may go away, but yet that eternal life still stands. Amen. It's because of him. And by that blood, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing this song. We haven't sang in a while, but I like to do it as a song leader. I command my hands to praise the Lord. Let that inward man talk to you this morning. Amen. Take control. Praise the Lord. Go up one key. Oh, I command. Where are we at now? Give G. Are we there? Oh, okay. I command my hands to praise the Lord. Oh, I command my hands to praise the Lord. I command my hands to praise the Lord. I command my hands to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. Oh yes. You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. Tell your feet this morning to praise the Lord. I command my feet. I command my feet to praise the Lord. Oh yes. I command my feet to praise the Lord. I command my feet to praise the Lord. Oh yes. Heat. Heat. [Music] You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. [Music] You got to pray. I my mind Oh, I command my mind to praise the Lord. Oh yes. I command my mind to praise the Lord. I command my mind to praise the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. Oh yes. You got I command my mouth with all your heart. I command my mouth to praise the Lord. Oh yes. I command my mouth to praise the Lord. I command my mouth to praise the Lord. Oh yes. I can open my mouth to you. [Music] You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. Oh, you got to I command my body to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I command my body to praise the Lord. I command my body to praise the Lord. [Music] You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. I don't see somebody this morning. Come on with me. You got to praise. Come on now. Oh, you got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. You got to now bend your hands last time. Oh, I command my hands. Oh, I my hands to praise the Lord. I my hands to praise the Lord. I my hands to bless the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. Yes, Lord. You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. You got to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Hallelujah. Fill every fiber, Lord, of my being. Amen. Is that what you want? Praise the Lord. There's a certain spot, Lord, in my life, Lord, that you're speaking to me, Lord, to open up. Let it be open this morning, God. Fill every fiber. I want to praise you in every way, God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Amen. It's okay to, you know, go back to Sunday school sometimes and do some of the motions. It's all right. Amen. Just let loose a little bit. Amen. Watch what God can do. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's go back to Kathus. Water you turn into wine. Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Hallelujah. There's none like you. Into the darkness. Oh, into the darkness you shine. Yes, Lord. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Hallelujah. No none like you. Cuz we know our God, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Water. You turn into wide. Yes, Lord. Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Declare this morning. There's none like you. There's none like you. [Music] Into the darkness you shine. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] You [Music] guys [Music] so much. Heat. Heat. [Music] our God. And if our God and if our God is for us could ever stop us. Stand us [Music] for us. [Music] Stop us. [Music] One can stand against [Applause] [Music] our God. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than our God is he awesome in power. Our God, our God, our God is greater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Hallelujah. Give him praise this morning. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. We can truly say that he is greater this morning. And we can testify. Amen. I know our family went through some sickness this last week. And we can testify he's our healer. Amen. He provided our need. Amen. and for my aunt Sharon's complete healing of her cancer. Amen. He's greater than cancer. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song um before the prayer requests come. Let's go back to key. Maybe E flat. E flat. And I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. Oh, I'm confident as seasons change your faithfulness. Do you believe that this morning? Oh, and I believe and I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. Oh, and I'm confident as seasons change, your faithfulness remains. First verse. Oh, you come at the right time when I least expected. Hallelujah. Never behind. So why would I be surprised when you deliver? Oh, every time. Aren't you glad? For mountain tops, Lord, you stay the same in valleyies alone. God, you never change. And I believe that I will see. Yes, Lord. The goodness suffer. Take it up the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm confident. And I'm confident as seasons change, your faithfulness remains. [Music] You go, oh yes, you go before me to prepare a blessing. You make a way. Yes, Lord. It's more than I could imagine. More than I can or [Applause] [Music] mountain top. [Music] You never change. And I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. Comfort as seasons change your faithfulness. I love this God of hope. God of my present, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my present, God of my future, you are my story. You are you're the alpha. You are the and you are me. You're in the meat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] I believe I believe that I will see. Hallelujah. Goodness. [Music] As seasons change, your faithfulness remain. Pastor will come. We'll sing that one. They were singing last Sunday. And oh, oh, I just really want to praise you. Cuz you mean everything, everything. Everything to me. Yes, Lord. Oh, and oh, I just really want to praise you cuz you mean everything. Everything. Everything. Yes, Lord, to me. Does he mean everything to you? Oh, I know. I just really want to praise you. Yes, Lord. Cuz you mean everything, everything, everything to me. and know and know. Oh, I just really want to praise you. Yes, Lord. Oh, cuz you mean everything, everything. Everything to me. Last time. Oh, and all I just really want to praise you. Yes, Lord. Cuz you mean everything. Everything. [Music] Amen. Amen. It's time to praise the Lord. He means everything to us. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you all. You may be seated this morning. God bless you each one. I want to wish Emily Em, Sister Emily and James and Jeanie, Liam, Cornet, Joey, Alyssa Bailey, all these uh birthdays and anniversaries. Uh let's just give them a hand today. God bless you all. And our special meetings as well. I don't know if they have that announcement. Our special meetings coming up June 21st and 22nd. and we're looking forward to uh gathering together with the brothers there ministering the word. I know it's going to be a good time. Praise the Lord. And then this Wednesday night, we have brother Jabz Kameda from Nigeria. I heard good reports and so we're looking forward to having him speak for us, Lord willing, this Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. God is good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Uh well, I want to testify this morning. Uh that's why I didn't write it out if you were wondering. I'm just excited for what the Lord has done in our lives. And um if I were to tell you everything, there's so many little miracles that have happened through all of this in my own personal life. I've gotten so much closer to the Lord in the last eight weeks. Uh even and God has just been so good to me uh on the inside and and on the outside. Praise God. in my flesh and uh and in my spirit. So, I can't complain at all. No complaints. So, we're praising God. Um the Bible says they overcame by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. And so, I just want to testify today that um we have uh been through a lot. Um but we feel like we're not victims, we're victorious. and the the the children of God have a right to um certain positive promises from the word of God. And we've been standing on those promises through the good times and the bad times. And as the songs all said today, uh he's still God in the, you know, no matter what we go through, he's just as powerful. And if he did it back then, he can do it today. If he made the sun stand still back then, he can do it today. And that's what we're trusting in. And I believe that God has been even through the sermons building our faith and uh and coming to this climax. Um we've been to a lot of different radiologist in the last um few months. Uh our first radiologist here in Parisburg uh had a certain treatment plan and we did that five weeks and the Cleveland Clinic had agreed with that. So we felt really a peace every time we went to radiation every day for five weeks uh every day of the week. We felt peace and we did not feel fear and we just knew that God was doing something and and with his people praying exactly at 3:00 every day. Every time I went in there, I would get a host of texts and messages saying, "We're praying for you." And we appreciate those prayers. Especially uh the prayers of the children have been very powerful because I've noticed that when I ask them for prayer then all of a sudden I feel lots better. And so I believe that the children have just as much of the Jesus in their heart and power of prayer is definitely been um what's gotten us through all of this. So the exciting thing is that um we uh I want to give a little bit of background before I I um tell you the exciting news which you guys have already heard through the text but it's exciting because um after going through five weeks we our insurance got denied from Cleveland Clinic part of it and so we were like what the day that they called us back we I remember talking to my daughter-in-law and I said, "The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord." I don't know why, but I just kept saying that over and over. The footsteps of the righteous are there's a reason for this. I'm not going to get upset at the doctors. The doctors don't are not in control, folks. Hello. And so, uh, I'm not going to get upset at them. I'm not going to get upset at the insurance company. You know, they're not in control either. God is in control of our lives and the footsteps of the righteous or order of the Lord. And so they sent us to the U ofM and the first day I actually met them in person. They were supposed to do a treatment and they were going with a different plan of treatments and I did not feel settled in my heart about that at that time. But I just thought, well, you know, if this is what God wants, we're just going to go. And everything went wrong that day. Everything went wrong. And it wasn't the staff's fault. It was just uh just the Lord putting, you know, slamming the door on doing that treatment. And so it was um their MRI machine went down. That was one of the things, you know. So after a long day there, uh I was in terrible pain and I and they sent just sent me home. They said, "We're we're not going to do any treatment on you. We'll just send you home and we'll come up with something." Well, I got home. We were going on vacation the next week and I was in so much pain for a whole week that I just said, "Listen, I'm going to go ahead and just postpone anything right now. We're going to go on vacation and have fun and then when we'll pray about it all while we're on vacation. When we come back, we'll see what the Lord has." So, when we got home, they sent us to um and all of this time, for the last eight weeks, I've been in the emergency room eight times. I've been in an ambulance one time. Uh I have been extremely sick, sicker than I've ever been in my whole life, even through chemo, not able to keep anything down uh at all. And just um still still right now at this point just eating mostly uh applesauce and mashed potatoes. And uh I just think I I just keep thanking the Lord for mashed potatoes even though it's not keto friendly, but but I praise the Lord for applesauce and mashed potatoes. Anyways, um to get through uh the next phase, my radiologist sent me to another doctor, get one more opinion. We were hoping that this guy was the the one that would kind of really settle in our hearts. you know what we're going to do now. And so we got there, he explained the different kinds of treatments. He explained why the one that I was going to do at Cleveland Clinic, he didn't agree with that one. And as he's talking, all three of us, me and Vanessa and Henry, are just getting more and more down and down and down because what we thought was going to be like, "This is what we're doing," uh, just ended up being more and more confusing and more and more scary as he talked about the side effects of every single treatment. And there was going to be side effects no matter what, by the way. and what from what they've said. Now, praise God, I haven't had a lot of side effects from chemo because of your prayers. And so, that's the exciting thing is that we have a God that can control all of these things. So, uh we we're get in the car and it's always real quiet when we're all thinking, you know, nobody's talking and I'm just thinking, Sharon, what did you expect? You know, did you expect the doctor to have the answer? No, he doesn't have the answer. God has the answer. God knows what I'm supposed to do. The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. So, this delayed us a little bit while longer while I'm getting healthy. And my radiologist said, "Let's just put a pin in all this." Well, the guy at Henry Ford said, "We got to do another MRI." This is like my 15th MRI, folks. No, not really. I'm just exaggerating. But so I said, "Okay, we'll do another MRI." Good. We said, "Good. This will give us a chance for the Lord to heal me completely and I won't have to do all of this bad stuff. I don't have to make a decision between this bad thing and this bad thing." And so I said, "Praise God." So we started praying. You guys started praying. And I put it out there for Facebook family to pray. And I believed with all my heart that it was just going to be gone and I wouldn't have to worry about. And every time I talked about it to on the phone to somebody or whatever, we would talk, yeah, either I have to do this or do this. And you just feel the tension and the stress. And then at the end of the conversation, I would always say, but God is able just to take it completely and then I won't have to worry about all this, you know. And so we went to the MRI. Um, the day before the MRI, I had amunotherapy and I have an oncologist in in Toledo that does my amunotherapy and he's a professional. He's incredible at all the stuff that has deals with chemo. And I he was walking out of the room and we're friends by now because we've been I've been with him for like three years or something. and he knows me and I know him. And I just looked at him and I said, "I'm praying that it's going to be gone tomorrow when they do the MRI." And he just kind of chuckled. He put his hand on my shoulder and he goes, "I hope you're right." And you know, of course, he didn't believe that that was right, but he said, "I hope you're right." So that was um that was funny. But anyway, the next day they did the MRI and this Tuesday got the phone call from my regular radiologist in Parisburg that the tumor is completely gone and that God has completely removed it from my body. So, we're going to sing a song uh that the Lord gave me several years ago, and Paul helped me a little bit with the verses, I think, but we're just praising God that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Wonderful. [Music] I look back on history, see the mighty God unveiled, proving over and over that his word can never fail. But I can't keep on dwelling on some past memory. Cuz now that same God is living in me. The same God who spoke you. at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raing sea. The same God who's living in me. [Music] The same God who created all the heavens and all the earth. He came back living in Jesus. And there was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see that it's that same God who's living in me. The same God who spoke you. The woman at the will. The same God whose wonders too heavy to tell. Sing the heartened the raing se [Music] in me. Oh, the same God who spoke you well. The same God who wonders too. [Music] The same God who pardoned the raing sea. He's the same God who's living in me. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. [Music] Hallelujah. Give praise to the Lord. We have reason to celebrate. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. This means so much. That the Lord has answered in this way for our family. You don't know until you've been there. and and not even me. Until you've been in that position that Sharon and Henry and Vanessa have been in, you don't know what it's like going through it. And that's the time you really need to see the promise of God come through for you. So, we give praise to Almighty God today. We're thankful for him. I'm thankful for mashed potatoes, too, and applesauce. I I only get them once a year, but I'm much more thankful for when God answers back in such a big way. That tumor is gone. I want to let the devil know today that tumor is gone. It's gone. Somebody praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, rejoice. [Music] Look what the Lord has done. The darkness at the rising of the sun.j Rejoice and look where he's brought us. Just stop and think about it and look what the Lord has done. I remember I was living in darkness. He shine the light around me so I could see my way out. And when the lamb rose to claim, I can really s. And when I start to think about it, I shall rejoice.j [Music] in the darkness afterj [Music] [Music] [Music] trying to keep us defeated. Ain't that the truth? He always seems to point us to everything that's going wrong. I will only keep the eyes on the message of life. The joy begin [Music] Stop and think about it. What the Lord has done [Music] to come and save me. How he forgave me. Gave power to overcome [Music] what the Lord has done. What the Lord has done is [Music] [Music] [Music] Think about it. Ain't no time glory. Hallelujah for you. and look what the Lord has done. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's see the scriptures this morning. It's hard to preach now because you just want to spend the rest of the day and praise the Lord. He deserves it. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. I know there's been besides Sister Sharon many victories this last couple weeks and we've had some of those testimonies, but don't ever let the devil tell you that God's not doing things. He's doing things both inwardly and outwardly, physically, mentally, emotionally. Our God is among us. Can you say amen? And he proves himself when there's faith. He proves himself to help you to overcome in every situation and everything the devil is using to intimidate us. Praise the Lord. We love the Lord today. We appreciate his goodness. And we wanted to give sister Sharon that time to give the devil a black eye and a testimony. They overcame by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. And uh so we don't mind giving time to that. That we got to let the devil know today that God is in charge. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. We know God's will is in these things. And you know, we are we, you know, I've had brothers tell me that either way we win. And it could have went either way. That's up to the Lord. Our duty is to stand upon this word that he says he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we don't move from that promise. Can you say amen? We don't move from that stance. Uh what God does from that is up to him. And either way, Christians win either way. But we rejoice and we always like to put it out there and let the people know and our young people, our children need to see this isn't a God of history. He's the same God today. You watch uh if the children watch the Jesus different films and movies on Jesus and they see what he did 2,000 years ago, they ought to come to church and be able to hear that Jesus is doing the same thing. And I can tell you children, he does the same. He's not changed in any way. I'm going to read from 1st Samuel chapter 19 today. If you'd go back in the Old Testament with me and we'll read a um section, just a couple scriptures here. Many others we could add to it, but we'll just take this thought and God richly bless you all. And we are rejoicing. Excuse us for a little bit of nasal. We're still coming out of a a head cold this week. And I know many of you sent some prayers even this morning. We appreciate the prayers this week for our family as we watch that thing kind of go through our different homes and the runny noses and different things. And so hopefully this nasal will hopefully it won't be an irritation to you. If you make fun of me then when you have a nasal then I'll make fun of you too. 1st Samuel chapter 19 and verse 1 and two. Praise the Lord. And Saul spake to Jonathan his son and to all his servants that they should kill David. I want you to notice here how quickly and I I don't know the exact days or months but this is a at a very short time after David within days or within weeks maybe months but not longer than a year that David we see this incident now where everything changes in David's life and this is after he's been anointed to be king not in his position yet but he's been anointed to be king by the prophet of God. He has he has slayed Goliath in front of the entire cowardly army of Israel. He has been lifted up by Saul, the king of Israel, to a position over certain men in his army. All that's happened very quickly. And now within days or weeks, I don't know how long, but it's not longer than a year, Saul is instructing his son to kill David. Now you you can't process these things unless you understand what God is doing in his predestinated plan. And you can't understand what God is doing in our lives sometimes unless you step back and just yield to what the Lord is doing. Because trying to understand this, and you'll hear me bring out today, this wasn't the heathen army trying to kill David. He'll have that later. This is the the leader and the this is a leader the leader in his own house and in his own ranks that's going to try to kill him. Now Saul spake to Jonathan his son and to his servants that they should kill David. But Jonathan Saul's son delighted much in David. And Jonathan told David saying my father seeketh to kill thee. Now therefore, I pray thee, take heed to thyself until the morning. Listen. And abide in a secret place and hide thyself. Amen. Amen. That's right. Now, David's the one who's later going to have on in his songs, in his teaching, in all of his works, he's going to be the main one in the Bible that's going to have this mystery of a hidden place, a secret place, a place to hide. He's going to be the main one. And this is the first time those terms are introduced to him. And it wasn't just some spiritual place at that time. It was you're going to have to hide. You're going to have to find a secret place because the enemy is after you. First time it was introduced, God must have really opened up the revelation later what this really meant. And now he's opening it to us. Can you say amen? Lord, bless your word today and we just sit at your feet. We want to say once again straight to your ears this morning. Lord, thank you for healing my sister. Thank you for the healing that's going on in the congregation. Thank you for what you're doing, Lord. And we want to return back as the 10 lepers were healed and only one returned to say thank you. We want to be those ones that turn back and say thank you today. Thank you, Father. We pray you'll continue to bless your people. Bless the word today and give us your anointing. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. God bless you. hiding place. Uh in the Hebrew it's uh satir mistor. Satier mistor means hiding place. I'm just saying my Hebrew there. And because it is David that has most references to this hiding place, I feel to take a look at his life a little bit and to see the reason that he so often used the imagery of uh a tower, a fortress, a pavilion. In his songs, he used this imagery tower, fortress, a pavilion, a shield, a secret place. and and and often uh it shows that as as something that somebody that's running from something for safety and uh that's that's why he refers to that. It's so when you have that imagery, you have somebody that's running from something, somebody that's running from somebody. And that's some of the reason why David has uh brought this these things up as imagery of looking at talking about a tower fortress is because it shows somebody running from something to get into a place that would they would be safe. And uh I should note this before we go forward this morning that King David's life is referenced more than any other character in the Bible. 66 chapters refer to David with 49 references in the New Testament. So that's pretty significant. The life of David is mentioned that much in the Bible. And we know the reason why is because David's life is a type of Christ. And so and then we know that that the that the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ is in Christ. The bride comes out of Christ. How many knows that his wife comes out of him? Eve was inside of Adam before she was taken out. So if that's true, we have a second Adam. We have a second Eve and there's a people. There's a there's a bride and but where was she to start with? She was in Christ. So if we have David as an example in his life of the type of Christ, then we can also find our spiritual biography in looking at the life of David. He was a type of Christ. The bride of Christ is the bride of Christ is in Christ. So we will see things in David's life that is a revelation for our lives especially in this hour. We know Christ is the mystery of God revealed. We know the whole Bible reveals Jesus Christ. We know every verse of the Bible. If we don't if we don't see Christ in it, we got to go back and read it again because all of it is not just stories. It's complete revealing of Jesus Christ. So I'm just uh relating some foundational things here. The whole Bible reveals him. He is the principal theme. All of it reveals Christ. But David is a type of him more than any other types as the true king. But also not just that he's the true king, but how the kingdom age back in the Old Testament, how the kingdom age was ushered in. Now, we say, "Well, Saul was the king and he was anointed by the same prophet." Yeah, but Saul was a choice of the people. David was God's own choice. And I tell you, that's a big difference. Who the people choose and who God chooses. Because I can guarantee you one thing. Whoever God's choice is, he's going to stand with them no matter what. And any enemy that aligns himself against that has been chosen to go to the throne, I can tell you that enemy is in trouble before he even gets started. So, you know, and I've ministered on the difference of Saul and David and how they were anointed by the same prophet. There's many things I could go into with that that are relating to us being under a prophet in this age. And so the prophet anoints those uh those uh the prophet in the Old Testament anointed the priest. He washed the priest. Uh there's a type in there about the priest coming before Moses. And so every minister that's a minister of the gospel I feel like needs to be washed and anointed by the right anointing which comes through the word that's given by a prophet. So all these types are here. I can tell you that the that that the that that uh the the prophet Nathan, it was the same prophet that anointed Saul is the same prophet with the same anointing that anointed David. All within the same message, the same prophet. One was anointed, but he was a choice of the people, but God anointed him anyway. But one was God's choice. He was destined for the throne. Saul took the throne, but he proved over time who he was, right? Who he was, how he proved over time what his character was. Oh my. So that kind of includes everybody who's in and around the message under a prophet, being blessed by the prophet, being anointed. Can you say amen? But it's over time it's proved the character that comes out of our lives. Praise the Lord. And so this we as we look at David's life this morning, you know, we are here in the in in the in the ministering of the kingdom age again. We are there again back in the Old Testament, 1 Samuel, we are seeing the ushering in of a kingdom age under David, the true king. And so we are right on the edge of that right now because we're getting ready to enter the kingdom age. The day the the a the days of the son of David, him as king, son of David. We're entering in the kingdom age. The kingdom age has already been ushered in, so to speak, but we're we're not fully there yet until we get to the millennium. So, and then I might say this personally, I find David's life a great inspiration to me. There's always characters in the Bible that we relate to more than others. And I David's life has always been a great inspiration to see what he went through. I've been through a lot of those things myself. And so it's very real to me. Now, David wrote uh of this these terms hide me because he had first of all life situations that he had to run and he had to hide and he had to find safety. It was real to him when he wrote about running. When he wrote about a secret place, when he wrote about a cave, when he wrote about a pavilion, a fortress, that was real because he had to run from things. He had to run from people. And it was later he had to run. He didn't run from the heathen. He didn't It's interesting that David never ran from Goliath. It was the rest of the Israel that was running from Gol. He wasn't afraid of Goliath. We can't be afraid of Goliath. But see, it was a unique situation when you got the king of Israel kind of breathing down your neck and going for you. He had to maintain a level of respect cuz he said that's God's anointed. So, it was a little bit more difficult. So, he had to run. He had to find a place to go because he wasn't going to go after Saul. That was God's anointed. He wasn't going to lash back at him. So, this wasn't going for a Goliath. There was this going in a situation that was internal happening that I I'm sure as a young man David did not understand what was going on and why somebody within his ranks turned on him like this in jealousy. Amen. But friends, it happens. We got a jealous devil, but we got a jealousy devil that gets on people that they become jealous. You know, when people really get uh after us and the enemy gets after us, you know what? Uh you we should just say, "I must have something that the devil wants." And it's really true from the very beginning. His jealousy started all the way back even in heaven as his jealousy started and he wanted to lift himself out and drew an influence of the stars because he w he was jealous of the position of Michael. He was jealous. He wanted to be worshiped like that. He wanted that position. And when he come to earth, he was jealous of what Adam and Eve had. He was jealous. And so there's always tension in the camp in every place. There's always two seeds and two spirits working. And the other spirit was always coming against the real spirit because it was jealous. There was something there that they had. One thing Satan had that Adam and Eve have is creative power. He wanted creative power. And Satan could never have it. He doesn't have it this morning. He can only try to imitate or try to uh h put out something that is a counterfeit to God's creation. But Satan cannot create. Praise the Lord. So he's always been jealous and you know David is running from people and running from situations and he lived that out. The enemy breathing down his neck looking for a place to hide. Uh that's what he was and and the main enemy chasing him was a leader in his own people. I I I might say Saul is not Saul is not just a political leader. He's actually a leader. He's not a secular leader as much as he is the leader of the children of Israel, Jehovah God. He's he that's who he is. And so the main enemy now in early in his life chasing him was a leader in his own people, his own group. If you have heathens um if you have heathens putting you down, you expect that. If you have heathen nations coming against you, you expect that. But when a believer is attacking you, it's quite confusing. This was confusing to David. No doubt being chased. And I just want to go into this running from something or being chased. You know, it's uh I've read up on this just a tad. And being chased by something comes up often in some people's dreams. I won't ask for a show of hands, but it's quite often something that you're being chased by somebody or you're being chased by something that's the creature or there there's something. And so people have dreams like this and and they dream of somebody. This is common from what I find out. Common being chased. I've had it happen a couple times. I can't remember what the dreams are and who was really chasing me at the time. Might have been one of you guys. I don't know. But uh I've had it a couple times. But people some people they have it almost every night and they're they're they're sweating and you know and then then they wake up and realize that they're in their warm bed and they're in a safe place and it wasn't real. It was just a dream. But these things uh uh feel real when you're when you're having that and it's common and sometimes it's something chasing you as brother Brandham brought this up in the prayer lines. He'll go into this. He'll go into somebody's nervous problems. He'll go into the emotional problems and then the physical problems. Then when the Holy Spirit reveals it, he said, "You were chased by a dog. You were chased by this bad man." When you were you were chased by something, maybe even a parent. you were being chased by something and it was a very evil thing that has lingered with them. And so now their subconscious is feeling this thing of being chased. It brought a fear in their heart. And so now they're having because our subconscious sometimes that's what our dreams go into. We're feeling this. It's a part of us. And so you sometimes you're chased as a child. It starts with a fear. You become scared. Then you have dreams about it. But then when you come back to reality, you realize it's not a dream. but they feel real. I was reading a little bit deeper and uh somebody said, "Dreams about being chased often symbolize that you're avoiding a difficult situation or problem in your waking life that you feel is overwhelming or impossible to overcome. This could be anything that causes you stress or fear, whether it's a conflict, a responsibility, or an emotion you're trying to ignore." Goes on to say, "Fear and anxiety." The chase can also represent an underlying anxiety, fear of confrontation or an unresolved emotional issue. The thing chasing you in the dream is symbolic representation of what is causing you distress in your real life. Your dream reflects that and often it's something chasing you. Why, brother Paul, are you reading that? I'll tell you why I read these things sometimes that the psychologist would say it's because human beings it's common. But it's common with how the enemy works. You know why I read it? To expose the devil at his tactics. To expose the enemy. Cuz if somebody can say, "Hey, that's a little bit of me." And know that it's the devil doing that in your subconscious. They'll go on a journey to get to the bottom of what Satan is using in fear to keep you bound to get in your dreams. I tell you, I have testimonies of people that God completely made them free and all of a sudden their dreams are free. Their dreams are more godly dreams. Their dreams are happy dreams. Praise the Lord. So that's why I read it. It's to expose whatever the devil's using in our lives to even steal our dreams. It's not real, but it feels real. Something closing in on you is often the feeling of a something closing in on you is often a feeling of a panic attack. And this is why you're awake. You're not dreaming. It's the feeling of something attacking you. What a rotten devil. And so David, he's he's he raised terms of feeling surrounded by the enemy when the enemy is encamped around me. So now he's had that physically, but now that becomes very important to us because we can ex can know what it feels like to become feeling encamped with the enemy encamped around us. These are most often said by David in the Bible because he's experienced it in real life. But it shows the work of the enemy in demonic forces. The manner of his attack is to chase you and make you feel like you are outnumbered. That you are alone. And the devil's saying you're alone and I've got you cornered. But praise the Lord. I got too many places in the Bible that show Satan got burned when he messed with his elect. Can I get an amen? When Satan I've got places where Satan thought he was honing in on somebody alone. It looked like they were alone. You're alone. You're outnumbered. I'm going to overcome you. You're finished. I'm coming after you. I've got my all. I'm ganging up on this believer. And every time he does it, he mess with the wrong person. When Satan gangs up on a believer, he has a rude awakening to who he's dealing with. Praise the Lord. Satan didn't know what he was dealing with with my sister Sharon. He made a mistake to try to take it further. Oh, saints of God. When Satan comes against a true believer who's destined for the throne, he's messed with the wrong person. Can you say amen? When he tries to come around anybody else, it's one thing. But when he comes around a believer and encamps them and said, "I've got you. You're alone." But too many places, Satan gangs up. He gets a rude awakening. And as seen many times in the Bible, Satan finds out they're not really alone because the Lord of Hosts is standing there with them. Amen. Amen. There's been several testimonies of somebody who had an enemy come into their home or some type of somebody trying to break in. And so they're standing there and they said, "I ran away. The enemy ran away because I seen somebody standing behind you and they said, "There's nobody standing around me. I was by myself in the house." No, there was somebody standing by you and it scared me away. That's what Satan does all the time. He assumes that you're alone and he can gang up on you. But let me tell you, you're not alone. You're not alone. The Lord of hosts stands by the side of every believer. You remember Gahesi Gazi when he was there with the prophet and he said he's shaking in his boots and telling the prophet, "We're surrounded. We're surrounded." But then the prophet said, "Lord, open his eyes." Because you had to look through the eyes of eagle eyes. A prophet is an eagle. And you have to get under the eagle anointing. If you're under another anointing, the man age, the ox age, that's not the anointing today. We're under an eagle anointing, which means we can see things from up here. We can see things that the devil don't see and other people can't see. And said, "Lord, open that gahhes. Open his eyes that he can see." And God gave him the eagle anointing to let him see that beyond the enemy surrounding them, the whole host of God's army was in the background. And he said, "There's more with us that's than with them." Praise the Lord. Satan thought there was only three in the fiery furnace and kept looking and kept looking. But there's not three. We put three in. There was one like the son of man. They weren't alone. The three huge Hebrew children were not alone. And he was in the flames with them. Praise the Lord. So now we see then that if he's coming after you, you must have something that he wants to steal from you. If he's coming after you, you must have something. Maybe that's what you need to tell the devil when he's coming after you. Say, "Wow, you I must have really have some good stuff here." Is everybody awake this morning? Tell the devil, "I must have something here for you to come after me and surround me this way and make me feel alone, but I'm not alone. And I must have something you really want for you to gang up on me like this. I must be a true believer who's destined for the throne of God. If Satan is ganging up on me and surrounding me like this, that's where we get faith and get in a hiding place is that I'm under God's protection. He's here with me in this hiding place. And there isn't any army of the demonic forces that can do anything to change my destiny. I'm trying to encourage you this morning. I say you ought to raise your hand and say, "Thank God. This is the devil isn't afraid of me, but he's afraid of the Lord of hosts who's standing right with me. Blessed be his name." So David through these things had learned that he was not alone. And there was a deeper revelation of a hiding place that begin to develop in David's life. And he finally said, he finally said, "Lord, Lord, you you are my hiding place." He looked for physical places, but the revelation grew deeper and realized, "Wow, it's not a fortress physically. It's not a church. As we said last Sunday, it's not a church. It's being in Christ. It's a hiding place in Christ." And we realize that he had to be able to see a deeper revelation to realize, Lord, you are my hiding place. He often had a need for a tangible place. But his only real safety was in the Lord. His eyes of faith actually could look further and see the pre-rapturing condition and dwelling place of the bride. Let me say it again. this revelation that God gave him because remember David caught something of inspiration of Jesus in the on the cross and he spoke the same words. Nobody knew that was coming to three 400 years later but inspiration struck him and he could actually feel and live and cry out like Jesus did, my God, my God, why has thou forsaken me? And uh so now he's coming into he never comes into it himself, but he he's starting to see actually the place of a pre-rapture condition and a dwelling place in Psalms 27 of the people of God for this generation. So David, he learned as a young man the term secret place. And Jonathan said, "Go hide. Go find a secret place." He learned it young because of a surprising unexpected situation where the king of Israel a high position turned jealous against him and was seeking to kill him. You know the story and the children know the story that he was he was anointed in a private setting and then there wasn't too many people around. Then he goes to to to to the army to help them bring them lunch or whatever. Sees Goliath defying the armies of the living God. says, "Why is this happening? Why aren't we going against him?" They're all shaken in their boots. David has a tremendous victory in his life. And it's kind of like us. We we become anointed by the Holy Ghost initially initially in our lives. We have great victories initially in our life, but then we don't expect things to happen to turn against us so much after we have our initial victories. And if you're not on your toes and realize what God is doing to groom you and mold you into something different. You see, nobody in that whole generation was to be molded to be a king like David. So David had to go through things that others hadn't didn't have to go through because he was being molded for a different position. I can tell you this morning, brothers and sisters, don't ever compare yourself with everybody else. God has a special calling, a predestinated plan on your life. And that means your trials are predestinated to get you to a certain destiny. Say, why does that person have to go through that? Why do they have to? God, why is this why people say, "Why, God, why are you doing this to me? God, why is this happening to me? I I never like to go there. I don't think we blame God for anything because God's a big God. I want to be like Joseph saying to his brothers who tried to kill him, hey, you know, you meant it for evil, but God intended it for good. I got predestinated trials specifically for me. I'm going through this. That's when you look at it from a mature standpoint that I must be different. Satan must know that I'm different. That's why he's fighting against me because I I'm not being groomed just to be an average Christian, but I'm being groomed to be an overcomer to overcome this age. Can you say amen? And to actually to rule and reign with Christ, king and queen. I'm royalty, but I got to be prepared to rule like royalty. And so there's different preparation for that. And David didn't realize that early on. I believe he did later. But God was getting him in a position, God was as soon as he had his victory with Goliath. And that's just within just maybe even a few days, David went out, had another victory, he's on his way back with all the spoils and all the things that he's conquered. And the women begin to rejoice and say, "David has killed his thousands. Excuse me. Saul has killed his thousands. David, his 10 thousands. Oh, this could be our next king. And the Bible says Saul, here's what happened. Saul, anointed by the same anointing from pro from the prophet, was doing okay until he changed his looks towards who? Towards David. He got his eyes off of the prophet, off of God, off of his own calling, and he set his eyes on this young man, and he took the spirit of jealousy. Church splits, fusses in churches, tensions, and divisions in families often start because somebody becomes carnal. Instead of keeping their eyes on Jesus, they set their eyes on one another out of jealousy. Praise the Lord. And from that moment on, he turned his heart against David. But it didn't matter how much he turned his heart and how much evil and running after him he would do. David had been anointed for the throne. Now, I always say, was this all about showing something in Saul, or was this all about God allowing it to learn David some things that he would need to rule and reign? Is your trials all about the other person who did you wrong, or was it all about what God needed to teach you? I'm not getting a lot of response this morning and I'm prepared. That's fine. But I'm going to say it again. Maybe we should look on our life's things and our issues and our struggles we're dealing with that nobody else maybe knows about. But maybe we should look at it different as this has happened because of this person. This has happened because of this person. My husband did this. My wife did this. Maybe we should grow up and stop looking at them and start looking within oursel of what God's trying to grow in our life to meet our destiny. Because news flash, you're not at your destiny yet. Some of you think you've arrived and you're you pious. You got it all together. I don't. I don't. Listen, I don't know how you got there, but let me know. But I just want to tell you, I I don't think you're there yet. I don't think you're there yet. But are we growing? Are we under the right Holy Ghost? The the Holy Ghost. And have we been predestinated to the throne of God? Yes, we have. So, we got enough essential things there that are unmovable that I think that we can face any enemy. Praise the Lord. So, I wonder if we're we're learning why, and this is today. The reason that I'm bringing this up is that my I'm probing saying why David wanted so much to hide with the Lord. What was some of the things he was hiding from? And now we now we don't want to say well he was hiding from Saul or he was hiding later on from the enemies. Uh no, it was deeper than that. There was other things that David wanted to hide from. We're going to get into that. I wonder if the pressure he felt, David felt was so similar to the other ones who are anointed for the throne or for the kingdom age which is his bride. Not everyone was anointed for that end. But whoever is predestinated to it will go through expect unexpected trials to have and to learn to find for the purpose of that secret place through it all to drive us to that place. See, all of it worked for the good because it drove David not only, excuse me, it drove David to not only a physical safety place, but it drove him to the revelation that my only protection is in the Lord, and I can hide with the Lord in that. And and he said in Psalms 27, he says, "Hide me in." He said, "The Lord will hide me in his pavilion, in the secret place of his tabernacle." I preached to you that he said one thing have I desired and that's to dwell in the house of the Lord forever to live every day in that presence and friends we won't run towards that because if we're running from something we need to run to the right thing do you know that David as soon as he ran from Saul he didn't run to the right thing he ran to the enemy's camp boy doesn't that speak of a lot Lot of people when they have tension in the church and somebody does them wrong and I'm just running. I'm going to run from this whole thing and they ditch everything and they run and start playing with the things of the world. They get around people of the world and they think that's the safety place. It's not. But we run to where we think we should this is a safe place. In this bar with my friends is a safe place. I don't have to deal with legalistic Christians. The devil's deceived you. That's right. Because en the enemy camp, he ran and kind of got in by deception to the enemy's camp and thinking that was a safe place to be with the enemy's camp. That's not a safe place either. We don't need to run to the enemy's side. We don't need to escape into all kinds of perversions on the internet when we're running from something, running from stresses, running from a past that's wrong. We don't need to run to something of the world. He's trying to teach us run into that safe place with Christ. Run into own your own personal walk with Christ. If the whole world falls apart, if wife or husband falls apart, it's teaching us where do I run? I run to Jesus. But where do we run today? We do like David. The first thing is we run to some escape into some computer or some phone or some place. We feel like ah I feel safe here by myself with my phone. Wow, what a deception. You feel safe with your phone. I don't you know a lot of these things I say is not in my notes so it must need to be said. You feel safe alone on the couch with nobody around. I don't have to deal with people. Reminds me of Mark Johnson. Brandon and I were talking about this. Mark Johnson years ago used to be in our church, brother, up here in Ann Arbor. And he said he's in the Delta Airlines and he said they give him a big promotion to move from the baggage to come upstairs and be in the front desk and be and so he can make more money and everything. So, brother David, I remember he he went up there, he took the job for three or four or five months and then he quit it and he went back to baggage. I said, "Why'd you do that?" He said, "I can't deal with people." And he says, "Baggage don't talk back. He said, "I can take those bags and throw them over in the plane and I can do anything and they don't talk back. They don't get angry with you. They don't cuss you out." So funny. Sometimes I feel like doing the same thing. But we I I can't get off this point without saying every one of us escape into something we think is safe. But I'm here to tell you as your as your pastor, you better make sure it's a safe place because it may not be safe at all. You might be coming out of the frying pan into the fire, but you think it's it's not with around people. if I just got this and and I can and I can safely text people and I can give them a piece of my mind on the internet but never have to be with them face to face. People will say things on a text that they'd never say face to face. Some people would. They'd say it face to face, but they just they blow off blow off all this and there's like a volcano and they're all fine and they're at church and they're worshiping, but there's this festering thing that's never been dealt with. And then you trigger them the wrong way and the volcano. All this stuff just comes out and you get it. You get a tongue lashing. They haven't dealt with things in their heart. It's a festering volcano. Festering is the lack of a better term, but it's it's it's a rumbling. What's the word? Josiah. What's a volcano do? It erupts. But what's it doing before it erupts? It's Huh? Rumbles. Got all these engineers in here and everybody. I can't figure this out. Then it erupts. And then they you get a tongue lashing. It just all comes out. And then you know what I do? Lord, I can't react to that. I'm going in my my secret place. I'm going to pray for them because something's unresolved in their heart. I'm going to love them. I might put some boundaries in place, but I'm not going to have a lack of love. Can you say amen? But but the thing is is that we we we escape into things sometimes that we think is the answer and we think that being away from people is the safest place. But that's not always because we can turn, as David did, to the wrong thing. We can we can get involved in the wrong thing. And sometimes people with texting, you you can misinterpret text. Know why I'm saying all this? You can be misunderstood. David was misunderstood. And that was before text was around. Even more so with texting and sending a little message on, you know, people send their little messages on Facebook and they just send a little misguided missile to get a point across to somebody. You come with Come with me. I'll show you a Bible. You're supposed to go to that brother or sister face to face and resolve that. It's safer for me to just do it here and take my shots and my bombs from here. But things can be get misread. You can misread something. I was thinking about a funny thing a few weeks ago when I asked Henry how he lost all this weight. 55 60 pounds now. Way to go. And he's he said the the carnivore diet and I heard carnival. So I'm thinking funnel cakes, hot dogs, snow cones, deep fried Twinkies. I'm going, "How did you lose all the weight on that?" But hey, I'm in. I'm going for the carnival diet. carnivore only meat. But you can you see h I thought it was funny because it's how we can misinterpret and just hear it the wrong way. And if we do that when we're face to face, we'll definitely do that with text. And then the devil, brother Brand preaches the message God being misunderstood. What a powerful message because even God is misunderstood sometimes. And when you have misunderstandings with God and with one another because you didn't clear the air, the devil gets under misunderstandings and people run into their so-called hiding place, but they're not resolving it because they've taken a misunderstanding of something and they've tried to figure it out on their own. And I'm talking about running to the wrong place because we find that I've got to get back to David here, but in a short time of being anointed, slaying Goliath, raised to a leader in Saul's army to having to run from Saul and run for his life and find a place to hide in the biography of a man dested for the throne. In 1 Samuel, that whole book of the Bible, most of it is David being tested by a spirit against him and a pressure within the camp of Israel, within the people of Israel, mainly from the leader. That's the first biography of his life in the book of 2 Samuel is placed on the throne. So, I'm trying to point out to you, there's a season that you're anointed for the throne, but you're not positioned yet. And what happens in between being anointed and positioned and placed? There's a testing period. It's a character testing. You're being groomed for something. David was being groomed for something. And before the throne, there was a pressure uh a place that he needed to find. A place of confidence, a place of rest, a place of joy. We can look at our own lives that God will test us. That we learn to depend on being living in a place of confidence no matter what people says about you. A place of rest no matter what storms come in life. A place of joy no ma no matter how many killjoys you're around. No matter how negative people you're around. You could live in a home the whole home is negative all the time. Complaining all the time. Well, you either got to find your your place of joy or you got to move out of that home. Yeah, I'm not talking to you 5-year-olds now. But you got to find your place if you're going to live under that or you've got to move to another place because it's not good for you to live around negativity that influences y'all all the time. Said that to my son-in-law this morning. It's a negative world out there, isn't it? He said, "Yes." And if we're in a negative world, Josh said, if there's if we're in a negative world with negative spirits and everything's negative, everything's scary, everything negative, then we've got to really work to stay positive, to speak things positive, to find the good, to find the right thing. Because you're if you feel comfortable around gossips and complainers and those who are speaking against the pastor and the departments of the church, if you feel comfortable about that, you should look at yourself and see why you feel comfortable around that because you're never going to grow hanging around people like that. You got to find your place of joy. You got to find your place of being unaffected by accusations. Before the rapture, there's a place, not a physical place, but it's a state of mind. Living in a revelation above the enemies, threats and lies, living above those things. As David said, you set me up upon a rock so that it's above my enemies. That's the place. The first place David ran to, of course, was the enemy. And he joined with him, but that was a trap. Can you say amen? You can't hang around and view wrong things. You can't hang around the enemy's camp and get victories. You can't hang around your phone all the time and get victories. You got to get to a place that these things cause us to run to his hiding place. And this is what David learned. Let me go into a few things here talking about this kingdom age coming to us. David was anointed by a prophet in a simple incident. No one's seen just his family. Did not take the throne right away. Some things he went through. These are a few things I wrote years ago, but I brought it back up. Some things he went through. There was some things David had to go through first, but the kingdom age was coming. I believe when the kingdom is coming, there's a quiet preparation work going on in a minority. And David was a minority because God was grooming him for something different. When the kingdom age is coming, there's a quiet preparation going on in the lives who are destined for the throne. Yes, God is a trinity in the sense of different titles he works in. We don't believe the trinity here that God's a trinity in different persons. You can't that's not that's not even common sense to think that way. But God is a trinity in the sense of different titles that he works in. He's all one person, but he works in different father, son, holy ghost. He came in three sons names. The son of God, the son of man, and son of David. They were different offices that he was in. It's all him, but it's how he manifested himself. Everybody hanging on with me here? He came 2,000 years ago as son of man, even though the Jews called him the son of David. They kept referring him to son of David. Uh remember the gentile woman who called him that and he did not respond. But he did when she called him Lord. Son of God was in the church age. So now I'm skipping now. He came as son of man and then we realize he went into another phase of son of God for 2,000 years. The pouring out of the Holy Spirit or the Holy Spirit. And so that was a different it was the same God but it was in a different manifestation. Son of God after he came a son of man. Then he came a son of God in the church ages. The invisible God in the people continuing the works of Jesus Christ in spirit form because God is a spirit. In the last days, I'll pour out my spirit. He said that's what he did on the day of Pentecost. Uh uh men shall dream dreams. Uh young men shall see visions. Young young men see dream dreams. And I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. That's when it happened and began the son of God dispensation. But that is different than the son of man or the son of David. It's the And only bringing these things so that someone don't understand if hasn't heard this. This is very important. It's the whole congregation that that is now it when it moves from a son of man it's prophet it's more of a ministry of one man and then it breaks out into many as the congregation it's just God in a different form he came that way when he came as son of man missed him because they were expecting son of David the king they wanted to make Jesus a king but they're missing the office that he was in at the time he He didn't want to be referred to as son of David because he wasn't in that office. He was to come in that some 2,000 years ago as we come into the kingdom age, he would become the king of kings, the king of uh uh the king of David. In other words, he would become the king in a kingdom age. So now uh we have seen the son of man now in the last days. you know, uh, we have been 2,000 years as son of God. In the millennium, he's going to reign as son of David, and that's coming up real soon. But Jesus said there would be another small repeat of the son of man again in Luke 17:30 at the end time. Now, friends, you know, I just I want I don't want to be too deep deep here, but I just want you to realize a simple reason. God changes these dispensations for a reason. Why did he have to repeat the son of man again just before the son of David the kingdom age? There was a purpose. And if you look back in David's time that he was in a certain manner in 1 Samuel dealing with David getting him ready for the throne before he took the throne. So God has a manifestation time that what's he doing? He's doing something to groom his people for the kingdom age and to come in as son of David as king. Jesus said there'd be another repeat of son of man that all three be in his body but he'd be in the ministry in the ages. It's the whole congregation but in our day we see him come and a member of his body in a way that he never did before. I'm talking about the prophet of this hour and and a son of man revealing the son of man and the son of David part is in him but he's not king yet he's not queen yet but there is a people being prepared for the throne because it's not just king or Christ king of kings that comes to the throne he comes to the throne with his queen Hallelujah. You know, we know him more sometimes as son of God. And now we've got to know him as son of man because we've had that prophetic ministry come. And so in the son of God, everyone has a portion of the spirit. Now we come to know him through this office of son of man. It's so wonderful. It's a mysterious thing to the church world. And I can tell you that most of the church world in Christianity misses when he changes dispensations like this from son of God to son of man. But Jesus said, "I'll I'll I'll come again." Luke 17:30, even when the son of man is revealed, son of man, son of man. Most of the Christian world has missed it, but he's in a different office now. Not just the spirit of the Lord in his people. Not just Pentecost, but something even at a greater level, in a different level. He comes in the office of it's a mysterious thing to the church, but he comes in that office. We've been fellowshipping around the office of the son of man. Then we see this Messiah sign in the uh son of man, the same one of 2,000 years ago. But there's more. He said, "We're feeding on the body word of the son of man." So if we're feeding on the body word of the son of man, there's a substance that comes with this ministry of the son of man that we feed on and that we become. And I believe to sum up, it's it's molding us into another thing altogether. Not just to have the Holy Ghost like at the day of Pentecost, but actually coming under the son of man to come under anointing to prepare us for rulership. Can you say amen? Proof in scripture, Revelations 5, when the the book is open, the book of redemption, first thing that they begin to worship and say, he hath made us kings and priests. So the effect of the last days seals and book being open is not just that you get the Holy Ghost, but you're being groomed into kings and priests. Why? Cuz the kingdom age is coming. Why do we have so many environments that's only pushing just one thing? Just get the Holy Ghost. And I think we should always have that. I think a birth atmosphere should be created by the people of God that our young people could be birthed. That those who don't have the Holy Ghost should be birthed. But it's not just that that we preach. We're under a different administration now. That's not just to give us the Holy Ghost, but to take us, mold our lives, and to groom us, and train us, to take us through things, to give us a word that the rest of the world's saying that's not even important. But we're saying it's important because it come from God's prophet to get a bride ready for the millennium. It's not important to them. It's important to us even among our own ranks. They say that brother B saying that's not important and what he said about that. I won't get into specifics but a lot of people that's not important. Everything that he says is important to me. It has value. Praise the Lord. So we're feeding on the body word of the son of man. The son of man anoints a people for the throne. It's different than son of god. It's not the actions of the holy spirit. It's the character of the king. Amen. It's the character of Christ in his people that begins to take the limelight now. So now he's not grooming just just to have us the Holy Ghost, but he's the that what takes the limelight now is the character of Christ being groomed in the people. That's why many will miss this. There's a very small number being groomed for the throne. The world is in a place that praises. And I just want to make a comment about this uh concerning with the news that's come out the last couple days. And I say this respectfully, but we live in a world that in a place that and and maybe it's because even in the church world when the gifts of the spirit are manifested through the Holy Spirit. And you do know that anybody can come under that anointing and manifest a gift. That's right. My dad used to say at a little storefront church that he'd be preaching in, a drunk would come in and get under that anointing, prophesy, a true prophecy, and go back out to being a drunk. Now, why do I say that? Not because we don't believe in the gifts, but the gifts are a certain level that somebody can get under the anointing, but not be changed by the Holy Ghost. Number one, but not grow into the character of the Christ. what's more important, not just the gift. So, I say that to say we live in a world that has come to a place that uh well, I need to find my place in my notes. We live in a world that's come to a place that praises excellent gifts, but character does not matter. As long as we have the gift, it's an excellent gift and we're making money off of the gift. this what is it Shawn Diddy I think is his name the rap star it's such a grieving thing to see ah I have to be careful of being so rough because I know the man has a soul but such such amalistic perverted things and what scares me is men like this will get off you know why because people are more interested in keeping his gift going than even the perversions that he's done. He needs to be in jail now. But you see, it's it's the world we live in. And then recently, in the last couple days, something coming out about Michael Tate. He's a he was he's been in a couple groups. I think Christian rap, but also prominent groups for many, many years. Sexual m misconduct and drug abuse for years. And we're talking back in 2004 when it started. How in the world did this not get out by now? And I can tell and it's in the the article from the Christian magazine said it's been known and circulated in Nashville for years. And you're going really this is amongst the so-called Christian realm of Christian music, but all of it stays in the Nashville realm and it's been a known thing, but how does it after 25 years it doesn't get out? It's It's kind of hidden. And they called it an open secret in Nashville. I don't know what that is. An open secret. Why? Why? It's about protecting the celebrities and the gifts that they have to make money. My point is, it's not about their character. It's about their gift. We are not called to that. We are not called to be a part of that type of mindset. We are trans transitioning into a kingdom age and mo moving away from an emphasis putting put on the gifts of a person. What gifts do you have? Praise the Lord. Use those gifts. But the emphasis is not on the gift and not their character. We're in a transition preparing a people to rule and reign for a kingdom age where you I could probably say that gifts won't be emphasized so much in that at all. It's not good when we let that approach come in our ranks and let me just speak against our preachers maybe become that way but it comes about the gift. We lift up preachers. We maybe lift up singers. We lift them to a certain place and we give them a free pass sometimes because of their gift. Let's not let that type of mentality come in our own ranks in the message. We're being groomed for something different than just lifting up gifts and making celebrities. What am I preaching? I'm preaching what are we hiding from? God, hide me from it. This is one thing. Hide me from the world's way of doing things. Hide me from Hollywood. Hide me from the way the Christian world buys into all that. Hide me from all of that. I'm preaching. What are we hiding from? And notice the scene changes in Revelations 3. And brother Brandon brings out that we have a Christ in a rejection mode, being rejected just as David was before he came to the throne. All through the church ages, he's there. But the last church age, it says Jesus is on the outside knocking, trying to get into that church. So now we have the rejected king. Just like David, we have a rejected king. The king of kings is on the outside of the church trying to get in. They're going forth with all their things that they're doing, but he Christ the word is on the outside trying to get in. And you know what he says that he, you know, you know the the the the Leonian church age admonition to all of us. But I'll just pull out one thing. He said, "He that overcomes, I'll tell you what, let's just read it because uh I you've got time and you have time because I just told you you have time. Revelations chapter 3, the Leosian church age. Here we are under church of the Leosia. Verse 14, right? These things sayith, amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would that thou work cold or hot. So then, you know, let us pray that we'd be on fire for God. Let us pray that we have Christians that are sold out to this word, not just in it. So then, because you're lukewarm and neither cold nor I, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I'm rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thine eyes with Isa, that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. Be zealous therefore and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. Sounds like a secret place. You open up to him. It's you and him. Can you say amen? But look at this. To him that overcomer. Overcometh. How many would raise your hand say praise the Lord. There's got to be some overcomers to the lukewarm leodysian age. There's got to be some people that are sold out, not lukewarm. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I overcame and is sat down with my father in his throne. What's what's the the prize for overcoming this age? What's the ultimate end? You have an invitation to the throne. That's the prize of this age. You have an invitation to the throne. Christ is rejected in this age. But those who invite him in, he's Christ trying to knock on the church aids that rejected him and then offers an invitation for us to the throne. He has already come. Now, he has invited us to not only over overcome, but he's entering the time of son of David. He's bringing us in with him. We're in that time. We will be prepared for it. It's inviting us to the throne. Not another healing revival. What is that? The last church age. What's the invitation to? Not another healing revival. Not a pouring out of his spirit on all flesh again. No, it doesn't say that. It doesn't say he that overcomes will have a lot of great spiritual moves of God. No. He will sit with me in my throne. Some think if we don't have a shouting time, God is not doing anything. That's not true. We had a shouting time this morning. We will continue to do them. But God is doing a deeper work than just a healing revival. The word of God says, "He that overcomes this age," where are we going? It's an invitation to the throne. We're being groomed to rule and reign. I'd rather be groomed and ready for that, friends, than just a feeling or an emotion or something like that, a temporary feeling. I want my character to be molded into a kingdom character. So, hiding place. I talked I didn't I hope you're not offended. I could be very I could break into other venues of Christian music. And from what these magazines say, this is prevalent going on within the Christian realms. You know what it is? We got to hide from this lifting a gift because Saul where he lost it. The reason he got jealousy is because his gift he was comparing his gift. Now they got another another kid's rising up. How can I hold on to and maintain my position? It wasn't about character. It was about his position. So, it was about his gift. It was about who he was. And so, he turned his guns towards David because why? And if David needed to be groomed in something, one thing he needed to hide from is becoming like Saul. Can you say amen? He dealt with a person like Saul. I believe every son and daughter of God will eventually have an interaction with a Saul. more than likely in the message ranks because those two characters that thing plays out all the time amongst the body of Christ. David, a man after God's own heart. David being groomed in the character for something and then a man who turns down that grooming of his character and turns to his own way and then that person turns against David. I believe every son and daughter of God will eventually have an interaction with Saul. And it's a test. Do you want to become a David or do you want to become a Saul? Lord, hide me from becoming a Saul. Don't forget Saul was anointed by the same prophet. But Lord, don't let me. Lord, hide me from becoming Saul. What happened to Saul? He wasn't a heathen. He was right there part of God's own people. He's king of God's people. He believed the same way David did. Saul being right next to David was a contrast to David. He became an instrument to mold character in him. Saul was a believer, but he had something in him. God tested him to bring that out. Finally, it was manifested. He is struggling within himself and struggling in his relationship with God. And instead of just turning to God and dealing with that, he turns his javelin at someone who is at peace, who is anointed. Saul lost his anointing, so he turns his javelin towards someone who has peace and just behaving himself, serving God in simplicity, in humility. And friends, you're going to get javelins shot at you when you're trying to just live that simple, humble life. David has not one ounce of bad feelings towards in his heart towards Saul. But now David will have to experience someone trying to kill him and kill his influence. The big thing God is teaching David first is how to respond to all this. To not let his heart become bitter, to not let his heart become a Saul no matter what. David had no motive to remove him or undermine his leadership. You all know the story. He would never. He had no motive to get an iron and fight against Saul. I won't touch God's anointed. He runs from it. David has no motive to remove Saul or undermine his leadership at all. When the sword gets hurled at him, he just dodges it. When the javelins come, he just dodges it and he runs. Human nature would make us pick up another javelin and throw back at him, but he can't do that because he's been groomed for the throne. Praise the Lord. There's a lot of things the last couple years I said, I sure need to defend myself in that. I that brother needs to be set straight and I give it up and I run to my hiding place because some things are just not not worth it. David was handed perfect opportunities to kill Saul himself, to kill his influence. And he didn't do it. He said, "That's God's anointing." He had to overcome the urge. He had to hide from the urge to strike back in revenge and completely give up revenge. What was David wanting to hide from? Becoming bitter like Saul. responding the same way as the ones who are treating you bad. Hide from that. Hiding from becoming a Saul ourselves by hanging around them. We're called to be molded for the throne, not become bitter people. Saul was in a group of believers. David was able to see a contrast right within his own ranks, a difference. Oh Lord, help me to break express this. Saul being in the message and David being in the message, David was able to see a contrast of two different characters. I think of when I was a young preacher and I was invited by different ones to come different places and and an older minister asked me to go. He was doing different youth camps and different things and I don't know what it is but I just felt checked in my heart not to form a union. I could shake the brother's hand. I could send him an offering. and I could support it, but I just held in linking myself up with that. There was something in me that says, I have a choice who I want to really join in and put my gift in. My gift was given to me by God. It's important where that gift is placed in. Lest it should become tainted. I'm protecting. I'm watching over that gift. God gave it to me. And so, I back off. You know, that person, they ended up becoming a Saul. They ended up controlling. They ended up looking like a thing where they wanted to control young minister. I say, "Thank God that I kept myself away from that." Not in every situation. I did that. I fell into some things. But I'll tell you, there's something in my heart. Lord, if you see those characteristics of Saul, you pray for them, you respect them, but you say, "Lord, don't let me hang around that because I don't want to become that type of character." You still with me this morning? David was able to see a right contrast within his own ranks, within the message, same prophet, a difference. God, hide me from becoming that. That's not what I want to be. You are molding me for something greater down the road until I get there. Hide me from being influenced or intimidated by this other side that's among us. Hide me from misunderstandings. Hide me from the wrong thing that I see in that character. Hide me from negative people. Hide me from a negative world. Psalm 64:2 says, if you I'm going to bring these scriptures as I try to bring it to a close. Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked. These are the things that David said to hide him from. He said, "Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked, from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity." It says in the amplified, "Hide me from the secret counsel and conspiracy of the ungodly ungodly, from the scheming of those who do wrong." These are things David said to hide me from. There's more. Psalms 31:15. Deliver me from the hand of my enemies and from them that persecute me. Some more places in Psalm. Deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man. Another place. Deliver me from the blood guiltiness. Deliver me from mine enemies, oh my God. Defend me from those that rise up against me. Deliver me from the workers of iniquity and save me from bloody men. Deliver me from the oppression of man. So will I keep thy pre precepts. Can you imagine? Deliver me. Hide me from the oppression of man. Rid me and deliver me from the hand of strange children. That's an interesting one. Deliver me from the hand of strange children. I I I can't say that. I didn't think about my own children that are strange sometimes. Deliver me from the hand of strange children whose mouth speak of vanity and their right hand is the right hand of falsehood. Psalm 71:3 Be thou my strong habitation where unto I may continually resort. Thou hast given commandment to save me for thou art my rock and my fortress. I'll leave you with Psalms 91. You can read it at home. It's so good because it continues to bring out what David is saying. I need you to hide from. And I just want you to notice as I bring it down to a close is that you would think he'd be saying hide me from the camps of the enemies. But you know what he's mostly saying? Hide me from people. And what mostly what people are doing. Most of these scriptures to deliver him from are related to people. They're related to people. Not armies, not things like that. It's people who are against. It's people who influence you towards negative. It's people that oppress you. It's people that that persecute you. It's we have to say, "Lord, hide me from these influences." I could preach a whole sermon on hide me from the influences of the world. We should know that and we should do that. But now internally, hide me because every person gives off a certain energy. Brother Abraham says, "There's certain people, you know, you don't like to say it, but there's some people you just love to be around. You feel comfortable. You feel you can be yourself, and there's other people, they're very nice people, but it's difficult to be around them because everybody gives off an energy and everybody has a certain slant and everybody gives off certain thing. And guess what? You're going to have to limit yourself and hide yourself from the wrong type of people. You say, "Well, don't get around him." No, we don't have that choice. Sometimes you're going to hide yourself with the Lord of being influenced by their manner. And I'll bring up the quote which is in harmony with this that I read at the last last Sunday. I don't want you to miss this. Have you ever come to a place, Brother Bram says, have you ever come to a place in life where Christ meant more to you than all the arguing you could do about your church? Now I just read you all the places in David where mostly it was people and the way they were being that David asked to be hidden from and now many places in the hidden life in all these early messages it's about being hidden from look at this have you come to a place in life where Christ meant more to you all the arguing you could do about your church oh that doesn't happen in the message at All not has Christ meant more to you than all the world. I don't mean from an emotional or a mental workup. Isn't that interesting? The two sides. There's an emotional workup and there's a mental workup. And you can be all worked up by either thing, but that's not living in the hidden place with Christ. That's just being worked up by something. We've had both in the message for some 60 years now. Slant towards the intellectual. It's just the quotes. It's all intellectual. You figure out all the seven seals. You got you're in the rapture. And then you have this swing towards emotionalism and Pentecostalism and it feels good. Brother Bram says, "No, no, that's not what I'm talking about. Have you ever come to the place that you that that Christ meant more to the world? I don't mean from emotional word. I mean from the depths of your heart that's something settled settled in there that's something taking place that you don't know how it come but you're hid away and your whole motive is to serve Jesus Christ have you entered that place my dear brother have you come into that place where you don't care what anyone says I haven't been there all the time but I want to live in there every day. And he says, "It's not that you have an attitude and act smart that I don't care cuz you I don't care. I don't care. I don't care." No, no, no. That's the wrong attitude. But it's it's being insulated from that affecting you in that hidden place. You see? And so he says, "Where have you come to that place where you don't care what anyone says? Not to go out and expart, but till the love of God is so anchored into your heart. Have you come to the place that you don't care what anyone says?" I just want to just say, you know, that's where this hidden place, what are we hiding from? Stuff like this. We're too affected by it. We're too affected by what our boss says. We're too affected by what our husband or wife says. We're too affected sometimes by something that's said that's not a correct conclusion or diagnosis of things. We're too affected by it. We come have you come into a place where you don't care what anyone says. Not to go out and exart but to the love of God is so anchored into you that you can't see nothing else. Your whole motive is to do the will of God. Love for everybody flowing free from everywhere. You you see the song lyric I sent you last Monday. Old song. There is a quiet place. far from this rapid race. And I love the last line. It says that we when we come out of there to live each day a new day with love for all mankind. You live in that place. There isn't any other result except the love of God. Not fighting, not being influenced by them, not joining in with the fight. Amen. But I'm here in a place and I would rather you draw you into that love than for you to draw me out. You remember the guy the maniac and brother Brand said he was trying to get me to fight with him. True. He was trying to get me to come into the same spirit and pull me out of the perfect love. And later he called it perfect love. He was in an atmosphere and I looked at that man that was a maniac getting ready with his fist up spit in his face and he said something come over me. He said oh I wish I could have that all the time. Something come over him and he says I looked I felt pity for him. Where did I was in the I was in the hospital. My mom looks like she's not feeling well. She just headed home. I had to take her to urgent care Tuesday and we were in there all day and I'll share this with you. I was so broken cuz we were in a room and then there was another bed in the room and they brought this man and there was eight policemen with this man. He didn't hardly have any clothes on. He tattoos all over his body and he was just loud and cussing and arrogant. And I was going, "Oh no, they're bringing I don't know why they're bringing in because my mom, she needed to rest. I was getting her kind of figure out what was going on." And then I would take her home, but she needed to sleep because she didn't sleep the whole night before. This man was crazy. They brought him in. And you know, then slowly the as they they got him, they didn't get him settled down, but it was just the nurses with him. And I'm going, if this guy took six, eight cops to bring in here, why are the cops leaving? My mom's in here. I'm in here, you know, and I don't get exposed to a lot of this stuff, but I was so critical at first and I I thought, my goodness, this and and I was looking at it. But then, you know, there's something about when somebody's and he was, you know, overdosed or just on drugs. I don't know what kind of drugs, but he was a mess. There's quite a few cases of drugs. It was on Tuesday in the in the hospital's rooms that day. So, I got to see this firsthand. And quite often when drugs numb a person, I remember my uncle Jim when he would get drunk on alcohol, uh, he was the most religious person, the nicest person. Talk to dad about how well he raised his family. U, hardly any cousin except what they call nice cousin. He was just and he talked about God and he talked about this and he talked about his real problems because they're numb to the regular thought process and the actually the demonic forces against their thinking that puts them in a certain mode that they never accept Christ. But when you numb all that then they look at life a little bit. See see and that's where the Holy Ghost kind of numbs us from life's things a little bit where we look at things through the eyes of Christ. But you see I see it with him. So this guy he was way on drugs but he be to in that hospital room talk about what he come from and I was almost weeping to see the kind of childhood and he actually I wrote the quote down that he said he said my biggest fuss is that why is there such injustice and cruel things done to the children in our generation? Yeah. And he was speaking of himself and all the children. And he he was right. It's terrible how children are treated. It's terrible the environments that children are placed in. It's terrible what they're allowed to watch. Innocence is lost. But this was an extreme case where he was he was beaten. He was tortured. He was tortured with fire. He just goes and and the more I got into it and he was still cussing his head. So I had to ask him to move mom to a different room. But my heart went out to him to realize that Satan can take somebody that far and that kind of background. It's it's not fair that somebody ends up that extreme of a situation. So mentally gone. And I tell you, when you're in a world like that, you want to be in a place with the Lord to be available because that thing it could affect you and you could become, you know, a bit mental yourself trying to figure out what's going on. But you I had a care and a love for him seeing where he came from. But it's such a strong spirit. You can be influenced by it. We need to be in a place of such strong love of God that we know where we stand and the love of God can overflow from us. We're not being influenced but be we're being an influence to them. Can you say amen? What did David had to hide from? Well, trying to point out to you as we close now the musicians physicians can come. There's a lot of things that we need to hide from. CJ Williams said, "Here are three things that make the unbeliever want to get away from it all." And he talks a little bit about how we have we plan vacations and we want to get away from it all and we want to go and that's all fine. That's great. But sometimes that can't replace the hiding place and the getting away from everything like the hiding place in Christ. See people go on vacations and they're more angry when they come home from vacation. You get a vacation at all. They're more mad at each other because you're not in Christ enough. I don't always live up to the quote that we have up there as as much as I want to. This week I I overreacted and I spoke a bit harshly to my daughter. Had to come back and repent to my daughter and my granddaughter. Ellie, I always want to do that because there's never a justification for things that are done disrespectful. But I know my desire is I want to live in that place that he's talking about every day. David had to learn that his reactions and his responses to a Saul. His reactions is what he wanted to have a hiding place. Though his reactions were a Christlike reaction. CJ Williams said, "Here are the three things that make a believer want to get away from it all, but things that should move us to flee to Christ and find our hiding place." Number one, worry. Worry. We want to hide from worry. This includes all the what-ifs that we entertain, the bad possibilities we play out in our minds, and all the variables of life that we cannot control. If you feel overcome by worry, hide yourself in the Lord. Be still in his presence. Find comfort in the truth of his word and recognize that your life is hidden with Christ in God. So we hide ourselves from worry. The next one, we hide ourselves from conflict. If you are at odds with someone and you find yourself angry and fed up, you don't need to stew over the situation and plot your next move. You need the guidance of the Lord and the spiritual composure to re-engage the problem with grace and with love that comes from the Holy Spirit before you go back to that person. First, go hide yourself in the Lord. The third thing is weariness. This may be another pandemic around us. People are busy and too busy and too tired from being too busy. We need to do better at focusing on what is truly important. But the fact is that if you seek to be faithful and diligent in your calling, you will have a busy life. Of course, God designed it that way, but also gave us himself as a hiding place. If you ever find yourself feeling just plain tired, hide yourself in Christ. Don't run to some other so-called safe place that you think. Run to Jesus. If I'm going to run, I'm going to run to Jesus. Amen. I'm going to run to Jesus into thy chamber. Be free. Holy Spirit. Speak to me gently as I close the door. Let's stand together. Heaven we lover let thy presence since cover shakana unend me is what I long for. Into that chamber. into my chamber be free. Oh, the spirit speak to me gently as I close the door. [Music] Heavenly lover, let thy breath since cover une [Music] is what I long for. Go into [Music] our Jesus be free. Holy Spirit speak to me as I close the door. Heavenly lover that thy presence since covering [Music] me is what I hope for. Would you lay your hands on one another? My precious Lord Jesus, [Music] I just want to take this moment and speak to you again. Tell you how much I love you, Lord. With all the things, Lord, that comes in our life. I want to say thank you that this started as a relationship at 16 years old with you, person of Christ. Lord, my prayer is nothing, no person, no influence, no pressure would ever take away from that relationship that started when I was 16 years old. In fact, Lord, restore me back to all of that, Lord. that that is the only and the most important thing in my life is just that inner chamber where you speak to me gently. I close the door from all the other things and pressures. Lord, today we're in a time of rejoicing for you, showing you as the great healer again. that the stripes upon your back, Lord, are still we're still seeing the value of that, Lord, and bringing healing to my family, my sister, and many others, Lord. Sister Kathy is true. Almost instantly, Lord, her knee was healed. Lord Jesus, we thank you for these things. And then, Lord, I'm pointing the people to something else, something greater even than that this morning. is that this Christ that can heal that we would be in a hiding place with you that Lord we would receive healing of our hearts, healing of our minds and protection and isolation or insulation from being so affected by the worries by the confrontation by the pressures that this life offers every day. We can't change those pressures. We can't change people. We can't change them, Lord. But Lord, we can change where we're living from. And we can live in that place with you. Lord, I'm pointing to people. I hope they see it. I'm pointing them to a a deeper life in you, Lord. Not a surface life, but I'm pointing them to something deeper. I can't ask them to go there deeper, Lord, unless I go there myself. And Lord, I'm praying that you'll guide me, that you'll lead me, and Lord, that you'll bring me to a place of a complete trust in you no matter what comes my way. Forgive us, Lord. Forgive me this, Lord. This as I see our prophet referring to being so caught up with the fusses among people and the church splits and the someone persecuting us. Lord, forgive me for spending so much time letting my spirit being affected by that. God, forgive me. Forgive me, Lord, for any arrogance or pride that's within me. Lord, today the saints have laid their hands on one another before we would go and go back to our homes. We lay our hands on our brothers and sisters, upon our children. And we pray Lord that the the Christ that has been present with us today would come into our hearts, come into our homes, come into our lives, and we would bring the curtain down, Lord, and come into that inner veil with you, Lord. Come into such a deeper fellowship with you that Lord, if the whole world falls apart, which it is, Lord, that we would find that place. Overcomers in this age are being groomed for something greater than just a feeling or emotion or even another healing revival. He that overcomes this age is heading to sit with you in your throne as you have already overcome and sit in your throne. You've got some Davids here. You've got some people, Lord, that have as a pastor, I can't believe what some of them have been through. Lord, it's been so hard. But oh, Father, build their faith today to realize there are unique pressures and trials that are only to sons and daughters of God. When we get on the other side, Lord, come to a judgment day when everyone's judged, then Lord, we'll see people says, "There wasn't anybody that could have a good marriage in Leodysia. There wasn't any teenager in Leodysia that could overcome the traps, the sexual perversion. There wasn't any musician or preacher that could overcome the the the the trap of popularity and stay humble and simple. There wasn't anybody that could do it. And Lord, there should be some that raised their hands on that day and say, "By God's grace, I was able to overcome the age of Leodysia. Let me be one of those, Lord. I pray by your grace, let these people enter into that. Father, Lord, do something greater among us. Send us personal revival in our hearts, Lord. God, change lives. Change hearts. Change people. Lord, if we think that we're settled in a certain place, take us on to know you in an even more settled and greater way. And thank you, Father. We give you the glory and the honor and praise this morning. You're the King of Kings. You're the Lord of Lords. Thank you Jesus. We ask these things as we close down Jesus name. Amen. My wife had a great point this morning is last night she was watching that King of Kings, that movie with Ellie. Wonderful little movie of the life of Christ. My wife thought it was interesting that the Pharisees and the religious legalistic people were taking Jesus to court because he forgave people's sins. That was the accusation is he was forgiving. And if they're living by the law, there's not much forgiveness in that. But that was he was he was you know what the song used to say? Jesus was guilty of love in the first degree. and they were accusing him because he forgave people's sin. Let that be my accusation that I have the love and forgiving spirit of Christ to forgive. Let it be so. I pray. God bless you. You're welcome to worship, spend time with the Lord. Welcome to come up for prayer. We just close the service for those who need to go. God bless you. Wednesday night, we have brother JZ Kameda from Nigeria here. I heard good things about his ministry and we're looking forward to hearing him. God bless you each one. Into thy chamber. [Music] Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. How I love you Lord. How I need you, Lord. How I need more of you. Heavenly lover, [Music] Chicago. [Music] Be free. Holy Spirit, speak to me gently [Music] as I close the door. Heavenly lover, [Music] let thy presence come. Shending is all I long for. Oh, into the chamber. be free. [Music] Speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly love, let thy presence come. I know I am is all I long to see in the presence [Music] of Jehovah. God Almighty, [Music] prince of peace, [Music] trles, [Music] hearts are [Music] in the praise [Music] of the king. In the presence in the presence of your Oh god. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] hearts are made in the presence. [Music] of the kings. Verses first. Oh, in and out of situations. I tugle war at me all day long. I struggle for the answers that I need. But then I come into his presence. [Music] All my questions become clear. And for that sacred fall, no doubt came to me. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] in the praise [Music] of the king. Thank you. Through his love the Lord provide. A place for us to rest. [Music] A place to find the answer in the hour of distress. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] praise. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Trles [Music] hearts are made [Music] in the praise [Music] of the King in the presence in the presence. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Your heart [Music] of praise [Music] of the king. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands and bow my knees in worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] Oh, I kiss my hands and bow my knees in worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you right now. I need you, Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] might be worship. [Music] I need you. I need you right now. I need you. Oh, I need you. I need you, Lord. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] My hands worship by your soul. I need you Lord. I need you Lord my God. [Music] I lift my hands, bow my knees, worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Amen. [Music]
