################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-21 - 2025.06.21 - Bro. Kidri Diggs - Does He Have Consent - Kidri Diggs.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-21
Title:    2025.06.21 - Bro. Kidri Diggs - Does He Have Consent?
Speaker:  Kidri Diggs
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxd_HLUsApM
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening
1:54 Preservice Worship
7:38 Opening Prayer
8:06 Preservice Worship
24:33 Special - God Is In This Story
28:09 Preservice
28:55 Special - He Touched Me
35:06 Preservice
36:58 Preservice Worship
39:33 Preservice
41:36 Preservice Worship
42:48 Sermon
2:04:01 Postservice Worship
2:16:16 Postservice
2:19:29 Postservice Worship
2:24:57 Closing Prayer
2:26:17 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Okay. [Music] Hey [Music] [Music] [Music] for me and make me. This is what I pray. Let's all stand and sing it tonight. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Sing. You are the potter. Oh, you are the potter. I am the holy and [Music] this is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Yes, Lord. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. Give nothing. And we'll sing this one before we pray. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. For all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonderful to tell. Lord, tonight here I am Lord. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to see that you're my God. You're all together lovey. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Light of the world. You're the light of the world. You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. adore and the beauty that made this heart adore me of the life with you. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to my God. You're all together. [Music] All together worthy. All together wonderful to be king. He's the king of all things. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I together [Music] all together worthy. All together wonderful [Music] to me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. Josiah, could you come up for a prayer tonight? Hallelujah. just so excited of what what God can do in these next couple days. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. Dear Lord, we just so thankful, Father, to be able to come away on special weekend, Lord, dedicate an extra amount of time, your Lord, to open our hearts to your word. We pray that that word would come into the hearts of each one, Lord, into our families, Father. Lord, may it bear fruit beyond this weekend. Father, grant it all. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just turn around. Just greet greet your neighbors tonight. You don't have to go far. Just shake your neighbor's hand tonight. Praise the Lord. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Let's sing that one. Sing that. That's a good key. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run to and [Music] glorious [Music] running. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] me alive me alive. [Music] I'm just as strong as even Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] never as I was a man who was there from the start. He followed the Lord with all of his heart. He's the one who said we're going to take the land high. He came through the wilderness for thick. Even some thought of people falling s [Music] [Applause] [Music] Just as long as [Music] never kept me alive. See now through the years the victory is one. I stand amazed God has done. Now who shall we fear? We're more than able to take the land. Oh, all the storms we gi [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Never survive. The Lord is kept alive. Hallelujah. Praise God. [Music] Hallelujah. There's a key word in there. He kept me alive. He did it. He did the work. When he does the work, that's when it's a good work. Amen. And that'll carry through. Amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord another hand clap for praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. You may be seated tonight. Praise the Lord. Keep see tonight. Come go up one. Keep deep. Fill my heart. I am incomplete. [Music] Let your love rain down on me. I need you more, Lord. I confess. Is that you tonight? More of you and nothing less. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart and you are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. First verse again. Oh first verse. Come fill my life for I am incomplete. Yes Lord. Lord let your love rain down on me. I need you more Lord. I need you more. Lord I confess more of you. More of you. And the things they desire tonight. Conquerance is thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Fill this void Lord. Oh come fill this void emptyness. Shine your light. Shine your light on my darkness. Lord satisfy and restore my soul. I long for you. I long for you to make me whole. So unquench this thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Lord come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill the last time. Come quench Lord. Come quench this thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand tonight. Praise the Lord. Let's sing that song. Amen. Just came. The voice of truth. Amen. Let's sing that one tonight. know what I would do to have the kind of faith it takes to climb out of this boat I'm in onto the crashing waves to step out of my comfort zone into the realm of the unknown where Jesus is. Thank you, Lord. And he's holding out his hands. Oh, the waves are calling out my name and they laugh at me. They're reminding me of all the times I've tried before and failed the ways they keep on telling me time and time again. Oh, you never win. Oh, you never win. The voice, but the voice of truth tells me different story. And the voice of truth, oh says do not be afraid. And the voice of truth says this is for my glory. out of all the voices calling out to me. Oh, I will choose to listen and believe the voice of truth. Oh, talk to your giant tonight. Oh, and go without the kind of strength it takes to stand before a giant with just a sling and a stone. and surrounded by the sound of a thousand warriors shaking in their armor. Oh, you may have the strength to stand. But the giants calling out my name and laughing me. Oh, he's reminding me of all the times I tried before it failed. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] with the voice of truth says hallelujah with the voice of truth says oh yes the voice of truth says this is for my glory I know the voices call out to me Oh, I'll choose to listen and believe the voice of truth last time. But the voice of truth tells me a different story. And the voice of truth say not be afraid. In the voice of truth says this is for my glory. out of all the voices calling out to me. Oh, I will choose to listen and believe the voice of truth. Hallelujah. Amen. Decide tonight. We'll listen to the voice of truth. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Kath, we'll sing this one. Amen. Do we have any? I don't think we're doing prayer request or we're not doing that. Okay. So, uh, we'll have, uh, the Lightener sisters come up right after this one. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, sing that again with your hands lifted up tonight. Oh, the more that I surrender, just let go. Let him have his word. The lighter, my Lord. Yes, Lord. And the more that I Oh yes, my cares. The more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I'll hear the Lord I love. As they come tonight, prepare more. Oh that I the more that I surrender. Oh, the lighter my Lord. And the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Praise you. You may be seated tonight. [Music] There's torn up pages in this book. Words that tell me I'm no good. Chapters that defined me for so long. But the hands of grace and endless love dusted off and picked me up. Told my heart that hope is never gone. God is in this story. God is in the details. Even in the broken parts, he holds my heart. He never fails. When I'm at my weakest, I will trust in Jesus. Always in the highs and lows. The one who goes before me, God is in this story. [Music] So if the storm you're walking through feels like it's too much and you wonder if he even cares at all. Hold on tight to what you know. He promised he won't let you go. Your song of healings written in the scars. God is in this story. God is in the details. Even in the broken parts, he holds my heart. He never fails. When I'm at my weakest, I will trust in Jesus. Always in the highs and lows, the one who goes before me. God is in this story. like addiction. If it is like disease, he's the one who feels a prisoner. He's the healer of the peace. If it is like depression, if it is broken home, he's the one who holds your sorrow. He won't leave you here alone. Oh, God is in this story. God is in the details. Even in the broken parts, he holds my heart. He never fails. And when I'm at my weakest, I will trust in Jesus. Always in the highest, close the one who moves before me. Always in the highs and lows, the one who goes before me. God is in this story. God is in this story. God is in my story. God is in this story. God is in your story. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord for that special tonight. And those who know that it's true in your life. You have a story, but God's in the story. And those who believe in a predestinated plan of God, which we believe that God has that, God knows. He knows that everything is ordered of the Lord and that he'll bring it around and we just appreciate that so much. Sister Viola is here from Lima. Would you come and sing tonight for us? And Brother Jim mentioned you and that'd be great. Come on, sis. Uh we we need all the specials here tonight. So we'd love to have you. Let's give her a hand as she comes. Sister Viola, praise the Lord. [Music] burn. Amen. Indeed, the load of guilt and shame. [Music] Then the hand of Jesus touch me. [Music] And now I am no longer the same. [Music] He touched me. He touched me and love the joy that fills my soul. Oh, [Music] something something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. Shine that fills my soul. [Music] Something something happened and now I know he touched me. and make me whole. You know, unless his blood sin savior and since he consent made me whole. [Music] I will never cease to praise him. I shall return to you. Oh, he touched me. He touched me. Oh, the joy that fills my soul. Something something happened and now I know it touched me and came home. Oh, he touched me. Oh Jesus touched me. and all the joy that floods my soul. [Music] Something something happened and [Music] I know he touched me and he f [Music] [Applause] Touch me. [Music] Touch me and the joy that floods my soul. Something something happened and now I know he touched me and he [Music] touched me. He touch me. [Music] The joy that floods my soul. Oh, something happened. And now I know a tree and he made me [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Lord. Let's give him praise. Hallelujah. Let's give him praise. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just one touch. Can you say amen? And I believe you're in the right place if you haven't been touched to the Lord. I believe you're in the right place tonight if you yield to him. He can touch your life and then you'll never be the same again. So many can lift their hands and testify that somebody can sing with our sister tonight because you know it to be true. But when he puts his hand upon a life, things are never the same. You got to let him do that. Let him touch your life. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. I love the Lord tonight. I appreciate all of his goodness to us. And I've been praying in my heart today in the last days that the Lord would just give us something special from his word. I need him to give something. How many would raise your hand say, "Lord, give me something specific to my life tonight." How many knows God can do that? He can speak something specific. And probably most of us tonight, we need some answers. But you know what? If you don't need anything else, you need a refreshing in the Holy Ghost. He said he'd give us times of refreshing in the Holy Ghost. That's not just a feeling. That's not just a sensation, but something that just generates in our soul. And I want him to do that tonight for me and give give his grace to us. I don't know this before brother Dixs comes tonight. Back to that song. I don't know if we've done it. Haven't done it in a couple years. Key of C. Do you have that Jesus dropped the charges? I just wanted to tell the devil tonight Jesus dropped all the charges. And I don't those of the choir members that are out there, make sure you sing it as if you're up here singing cuz I need your help. But I like to sing this one together because uh God has certainly cleared the bride. Can you say amen? He's cleared the bride of all charges. Praise the Lord. Sing it with me. I was guilty of the charges to man disgrace. Oh, but Jesus with a special love save me by his grace. He pleaded and he pleaded. [Music] He pleaded my Jesus char. [Music] I live in sin too long. Oh my reach down. [Music] [Music] Oh, Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] We going to sing that one more time at Calvary. At Calvary at Calary at Calvary. [Music] Praise be to God. Can you worship him tonight? Because he's dropped all the charges. Praise the Lord. Not guilty. Paid in full. Praise the Lord. Bride stands in that position. See, we don't look at the the state that we're in. We look at our standing. Can you say amen? Amen. The preacher's already here, so I better give it to Brother Diggs. That's for sure. You don't look at the state. You look at your standing with the Lord. Amen. The state will be different than your standing. But your state will never be stronger than your standing with the Lord. Amen. Amen. And you stand before him, not guilty. Amen. He's dropped all the charges. Praise the Lord. I'm excited for the word tonight. We welcome all of our visitors here. God bless you. And I can feel your kindred spirit. You're hungry for the word of God. We pray he'll give us a specific word tonight. as we worship in our hearts, not only through the songs, but when the word comes forth, we worship with our hearts responding with our amens. You know, Brother Diggs, if you don't say amen, he'll hold up a sign. He did it last time he was here. But let's let let's not let him hold up that sign tonight. Let's get behind it with a our amens, our heart. Say, Lord, speak to me tonight. Give me something, Lord, rich in my heart. And we're happy to have also Brother Homer Legoria, good friend of ours. Both these brothers are friends. and we're happy to have him back. It's been six, five years since my dad's memorial and he spoke that Sunday morning. Such comforting words to the church and family after losing my dad and such a wonderful service. It's been way too long. So, he'll be with us in the morning uh 10:30 Sunday school and then we have the regular service at 11. You're all welcome to come back. Tomorrow night's a tri-state youth meeting. Brother Diggs will speak for that as well at 5 at 5 o'clock. Sure appreciate you singing that song like a choir with me. Jesus dropped the charges. You all did good. You all should be a part of the choir. It sounded so good. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Let's sing together. Let's rejoice in the Lord. That song paid in full. Paid in full. Give me a key for that. And brother Davis can come. Paid in full by the blood of the lamb. Oh yes. Oh. Free from sin. free to live, but now I am. And it reads on the page where my sins were written down [Music] for by the blood of the lamb. Sing it with all your heart tonight. Oh by the blood of the heat. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. It's good to be up here in Toledo again, you know, with precious people, you know, that we love and appreciate. Amen. Appreciate all of you. Appreciate Brother Paul. Amen. It's always a blessing being on the side. Amen. Just uh fellowshipping with saints of like precious faith. Amen. And I know that you didn't come because of me, but you come to hear from God. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. You know, a lot of times it's not uh us waiting on God. God is waiting on us. You know, so we are fulfilling a promise right now in this building. So wherever two or three are gathered, he's also in the midst. Amen. So we thank God for all that he's doing. Amen. Let's just bow, have a word of prayer. Amen. It's good. I got some of my family with me. Not everybody, but some of them, you know, they travel with me. So good to have them, too. Let's just pray and we'll get into the word of God. Amen. If you have unspoken requests, acknowledge the Lord by uplift the hand. Lord God, Father, we lift our hands to you, Lord, in faith. Lord, knowing that you see, all you hear, all you know, all concerning us, Lord, and Lord, your thoughts concerning us, Lord, are not thoughts of evil, Lord, but Lord, the thoughts of grace and peace and mercy, Lord, that you're given us, Lord, that you even planned in our lives before the foundation of the world. So, Lord, we're recipients of that, Lord. We're recipients of the fornowledge of God, Lord. that no matter what the enemy may try, whatever he may plan, he cannot stop the plan of God in each and every individual's life. So Lord, we just pray that you see that prayer, answer that prayer, Lord, according to your grace and mercy, according to your perfect will, Lord, and we pray that you would bless the services, Lord, this weekend, Lord. Bless brother Homer, Lord, and the inspiration you've given him, Lord, and Brother Paul as he leads the flock and all the different governments of the church, Lord. We just thank you, Lord. Lord, and we want to receive you in a greater measure in our lives, Lord. Lord, forgive us for our sins and trespasses. In the wonderful name of Jesus Christ, we pray. The church say, "Amen." Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's turn to um St. John chapter 5. St. John chapter 5. And then we're going to go to um Hebrews 11. St. John chapter 5 then Hebrews 11. If you have it, say amen. Bible says Jesus went up to Jerusalem. Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda having five porches. In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk of blind halt withered waiting for the moving of the water. For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool and troubled the water. Whosoever then first Whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. And a certain man was there which had an infirmity 30 and 8 years. When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time, in that case, he saith unto him, "Will thou be made whole?" Amen. Let's go to Hebrews 11 and we just want to read verse 4 out of here. Hebrews 11 and verse 4. The Bible says, now let's drop, let's drop down to verse six. It says, "But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." Amen. May the Lord have a bless reading of his word. You can have your seats. You know, I I think when we read the scripture, we can identify, you know, like key words like faith and impossible. But I think the key in the scripture is realizing that he is. You know, we should have faith to believe that God is whatever we need him to be. Amen. You know, and I want to say tonight that God is whatever we need him to be tonight, you know, according to his grace and mercy. But tonight, by the grace of God, my subject is, does he have consent? Does he have consent? And you know, that's that's like in the form of a question. And you're probably thinking like, where is Brother Diggs going with this consent thing? You know, consent is needed in a lot of things we do, but I want to I want to take it from a a a spiritual point of view tonight. You know, uh normally like when when when preachers preach at another church, I just can't come to Paul's church on a Sunday or brother Homer's church and say, "I'm preaching today." No, I got to get consent. You know, I got to get uh if if you want to use, for a lack of a better term, permission. I have to get permission. Why? Because they're the shepherd of those sheep. Amen. And for me to come in, even as an evangelist called by God, I still have to have consent. And you know, and sometimes even when you get there, even when you get there and get in the pull pit, you know, uh Paul, different brothers, they'll say, you know, uh take your liberty. What they're doing is they're giving the minister consent to be himself. Hallelujah. You know, so they say, "Hey, you know, uh, be what you are. You have consent." You know, but a lot of times they tell me, "Obey God." Cuz giving me consent means I can be who I am. Hallelujah. And sometimes me being who I am is just maybe a little too radical for some people. So they tell me, "Brother, obey God." Now, hallelujah. But when we think of consent, what is consent? I I just love the word, the framing of this word consent. You know, it says consent to permit, approve or agree, comply or yield. Amen. Now, we're going from a spiritual point of view. And when we look here in the Bible, we just read the story of the man uh uh who was whatever his sickness was. The Bible don't really say what his sickness was. It say he had an infirmity for 38 years. So he still could move. Even when the prophet talked about this, he said you don't quite know what he was in different places, but he had enough strength to get up and try to get to the pool, but he just couldn't get there fast enough. So for 38 years, I don't know how long he may have been sitting at that pool, but it says he had an infirmity for 38 years. Now I want to say this. Oh my let let me let me let me come back to that. Hallelujah. But uh to permit and approve. Hallelujah. You know that they had a a movement uh a couple years back. They called it the MeToo movement. And we know this movement was all about consent. You know, things that happened maybe 20, 30 years ago, uh, somebody was taken advantage of and now they come out and say, "Well, I didn't give them consent to do that to me." And then, uh, depending on what it was and how it happened, charges, some people went to jail, all kind of things happened. Why? Because they didn't have consent. And you know, when we look at uh this story right here, this man who was sick with an infirmity over 38 years, and every time he tried to be uh uh get rid of it or get in the pool, he somebody would step in his place. Now, he wasn't giving consent. He just wasn't fast enough. But then here comes Jesus. Now before we get to the conversation with him in Jesus, let's go back to without faith it is impossible to please him. But anyone that that that comes to God, we must first believe that he is. So I want you to understand something. When this imitate man, hallelujah, came in the presence of God, he was already a savior. He was already a healer. He was already a deliverer. Hallelujah. Every attribute that he was, he was in that moment. Hallelujah. It didn't take a work up. It didn't take something special for this man to do. Jesus was already everything he needed in that moment. Hallelujah. But this man had to realize whether or not he is. Hallelujah. But look church, he Jesus uh and I and I and I say it like that for you and I. Whatever you need tonight, hallelujah, he's already that. We don't have to have uh 45 minutes of preaching for you to be delivered. Once you realize he is and accept it, you give God consent to heal you or deliver you or or restore your joy or whatever it is. Hallelujah. Once you give God permission to be God, God moves into action. But the problem is we don't give him consent. Amen. You know, I was listening to the message door in a door, doors of the heart, whichever one it was. And the prophet started talking about the different doors of the heart. And you know, and I have these quotes, but I just feeling led to kind of keep it moving a little bit. And he says, he says, "What we'll do is we'll accept God as our savior. Come on now. Talk to me, church. We'll accept God as our savior. He is my savior. Amen. But he said a lot of times, hallelujah, we'll keep the door closed to him being Lord. We give him consent to save us from our wrongs, but we doesn't give him consent to rule over us. That's right. Rule over our thoughts, rule over our habits, rule over everything that we are. What about giving God that kind of consent? When you want to stay home and there's something pushing you, say, "Go to church." Hallelujah. As we're preaching, I want you to examine yourself spiritually. Not only and I'm not saying in a negative way because what I'm saying is whatever you need, God is already that. Hallelujah. And I love how the prophets say what we say, you know, one one of my things I like to I like to deal with because, you know, I I love talking about faith and preaching about faith and things like that and, you know, we'll say, uh, Lord, Lord, increase my faith. Give me more faith. He can't do it. Very good. Can't do it. He's already given you everything you need. Hallelujah. You have to believe that he is. Remember, he called Abraham the father of faith. And Abraham didn't even believe it yet. But did that change God's mind? No. He had to go through all the motions to become that in which he was for himself. God never wavered. God never doubted. Hallelujah. When Abraham went down there and gave up Sarah, he in God's mind, he was still the father of faith. Yeah. Yes, sir. See, so the problem in in in in our lives and what happens is not with God, it's with us. Hallelujah. And you know, that's what I love about God. God will speak a word into your life knowing you don't believe it yet. Hallelujah. He'll say you're a bride when all of us are in the world. Hallelujah. He sent forth the prophet with an end time word and none of us never even heard it before. But that's what Hallelujah. That's how God operates. He puts us in position so that we can see who he is. God loves to reveal himself to us. Hallelujah. But a lot of times God is trying to do things in our lives and we don't give him spiritual consent. Yes, the prophets say that uh we'll allow him to be uh uh savior but not lord. We allow him to be healer but not lord and all these other different things. You know what we want tonight is whatever area, whatever door concerning God and your growth, we want to give God consent to walk through that door. Hallelujah. Cuz remember, think about this. What if we get out of church tonight and somehow I got your keys and I drive back to the hotel? You're going to call me a brother D. What are you doing? I love you, but why did you take my car? You didn't give me consent. So, I look like I'm crazy if I'm doing something without your permission. Now, I say that to say this. That's what the devil is doing. He's getting in your car without your permission. He's getting in your family without your permission. He's getting on your job without your permission. He's even gotten in some of our bodies without our permission. Very true. Or has he gotten consent? Cuz remember when it comes to God and the believer, the devil can't do nothing except first he gets consent. Remember he went to Joe. God he the devil was minding his business and and Joe the devil is walking hanging around the church. He can hang around the church but he's powerless unless he got somebody to use. He can come to church tonight, but he can't do nothing in this service unless somebody gives him consent. Spiritual consent now. He'll just be hanging out there saying, "I want somebody let me in. Somebody let me in. I want to do something. Let me in." The only way he could mess up the service if somebody yields to him. Yeah. Cuz God comes and he says, "Uh, Satan, what you doing?" He says, "Hey, I'm walking to and fro." And then God points you out and say, "Have you considered my servant?" And listen to the devil's response. He said, "Yes, I have, but you got a hedge around him. I can't get to him without your permission." So sometimes God gives the devil consent. Oh my why am I going through this? Why is this happening? Everything is not the devil. Sometimes it's God making you a better person. Sometimes it's God awakening things that were lying dormant in you that was supposed to be quickened. Hallelujah. Job was a or God testified about him. He said he's a righteous man. There's nothing like him in all the earth. God had a a a testimony service concerning Job. But that trial brought out something in Job. Hallelujah. That was hiding there all that time. So God even let the enemy have consent. He will. The prophet of God says it like this. God will allow it. Why? To bring out more of who he is. Woo. That's why we had a fall so that God could bring out more of who he is. Are you with me? Listen, I'm going to change gears a little bit. Let's beat up on the enemy a little bit. Listen, Satan is only as strong as you make him. Amen. Whatever you want to call him, the devil, Lucifer, the dragon, whatever. He's only as strong as you make him. Or you let him be. Think about that. Hallelujah. The only power he has is your consent. Again, what is consent? To permit. How many of us have permitted ourselves to be sick? When God is already the healer, he says approve or agree. How many of us agree with the enemy sometimes I think I think I'm coming down with you certainly are. You certainly are. The prophet of God said it's a thought first. It's a thought first and then once it comes out of your mouth, I believe such and such is coming over me, you give that spirit consent to enter into your body. Think about it. That's why the word of God says cast down imagination. The Bible says re resist the devil. Hallelujah. See, we have the ability to tell the devil spiritually and naturally no. No, I'm not going to be sick. No, I'm not going to be depressed. No. Hallelujah. And I hope this is uh uh for some of you who are are are are deep elementary tonight because a lot of times we miss God because we looking for something way out here. Oh yeah, preacher. And my and my pastor like to say we overreaching the thing that we need and it's right there in our face. It's right there. Your deliverance is right here in your face tonight. Hallelujah. It's to whomever which side you wants to give or you want to permit. Hallelujah. Amen. Like we was riding. We was riding. We was talking about different things the other day. And brother Homer made a statement cuz cuz you know he's up in age. He's one of our season pillars. And he made a statement. He said, "I refuse to go out with dementia." He said, "I" he said, "I ain't going out like that." Said, "I ain't going out like that. I ain't going out with a loss of memory and all that stuff." He said, "I rather the Lord take me than for me to be walking around, what am I to do today?" See, he's already cast that spirit down. Hallelujah. So if dementia tries to run, Hallelujah. Come his way. Come all the way down to Alabama. Is I think it's coming from my way. I think it's the Lincolnington exit. Hallelujah. Come down to the Lincoln exit. Say, "Oh, I'm going down there where Homer at." There's a There's a spiritual angel that'll stop him and tell him, "You don't have consent." Hallelujah. You don't have consent, church. You say, "Bro, what are you talking about?" is scriptural. Hallelujah. When the death angel started to ride, hallelujah. Every house that had the blood, death didn't have consent. So when the angel the death angel tried to step in that house, hallelujah, there was an angel there. There was an angel standing at every door where the blood was applied. So the death angel couldn't come in. Why? Because the angel of life was there. Because the blood was written over that house. Amen. Death doesn't have consent to take a child in my house. Why? Because of the blood. Think about that. See, I think I think what we're missing, what the message of the hour has been doing all this time is not producing more spiritual knowledge, but what it's been doing is putting us back in position. Hallelujah. Cuz the capping off of the bride is her adoption. Hallelujah. It ain't so much as us knowing what brother Brandham said, but it's being in position to fulfill what he said. Hallelujah. But look, when we think about the enemy and how he operates, see, that's why certain certain stuff I don't do because I know I know the devil don't like me. You know, Josh, that's why I ain't get down this morning because, you know, the enemy probably want to try to do something crazy and then I won't be able to preach tonight. So, I'm very I'm very aware of Hallelujah. You know, the prophet of God say the enemy studies us. Hallelujah. He watches your life. He watches what you read. He watches what you listen to. Hallelujah. He watches how it affects you. And all he's doing is waiting for an opportunity. Hallelujah. For you to give him consent where he can take that thing to the next level. Hallelujah. Listen, I love this quote. This is out of one of my favorite messages, the fundamental foundation of faith. Are you with me? Y'all doing real good. I just leave my sign. I just leave it over here tonight. Y'all doing real good by the grace of God. Hallelujah. I I should have had one tonight and say hallelujah cuz we doing real good tonight, Brandon. Praise God. Listen what the prophet of God says. He says and and and as I'm reading this, I want you to listen and see sometimes how simple your battles are. Hallelujah. I want you to know tonight, you are in control. The devil's not in control. You are in control. You make God who he is. You make him savior. You make him Lord. You make him deliverer. [Applause] It's according to your need that God can be that attribute. [Applause] Hallelujah. I don't know about you, but I need you. I need him. Hallelujah. I need Jehovah Gyra. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Some of us need Jehovah Rafa tonight. But you make him that. Your need makes him that. Now, will you give him consent to be that in your life? Hallelujah. Me needing him as Jehovah John ain't me getting four or five jobs, but it's me believing that he's a provider. [Music] And him being Jehovah Rafa is not about you connecting with a good doctor. But it's allowing him to be your healer, which he's already is. Now, I'm not speaking against doctors, but you know what I mean. Hallelujah. Some of us, we'd rather get the prescription before we get the prayer. Because we, you know why we do that? We feel more safe with the prescription. Because if something happens, you can blame it on the doctor. But if you pray about it and nothing happens, then you got to get down and mean business with God. See, so the easy way out is put it on the doctor. But I think God is calling us to step up higher and have a more intimate relationship with him. Hallelujah. Listen, listen what the prophet of God says. This is in the fundamental foundation. He says now Satan by the laws of sin sin has a law. He said by the law the laws of sin and death makes everything that sin and death bought operate my there's a law hallelujah within sin and death that'll operate in your life if you give it consent. That's right. He says, "And Satan sends a cancer." And listen what happens. The man recognizes it, receives it. The devil sends cancer, you recognize it. And receiving it is you giving it consent. What if the devil sends the cancer, you recognize it, and you say, "By stripes I'm healed." Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What are you doing then? There's only two spirits you can give permission to. Same channel. Hallelujah. The channel of cancer comes. You can either receive it. Hallelujah. By the way of the spirit, by the laws of God or by the laws of sin. Hallelujah. And look, when it comes, Hallelujah. He says, he says Satan sends uh cancer. He said the man recognizes it, receives it. Satan sends heartache. We recognize it and receive it. So I say tonight, if you're depressed, it's because you received the spirit. You gave that spirit consent. Hallelujah. To bring you down. You don't have to be that way. What if depression comes? Hallelujah. You say the joy of the Lord is my strength. See, there's a channel you can receive. There's a channel you can you can put the the word of consent in. You can give consent for God to move or you can give consent for the devil to move. It's up to you on how you want to live life. Everybody with me? Yes. Listen. He says whatever the devil says, he says we recognize it and then we receive it. And then that law, hallelujah, of whatever you receive operates in your life. He said, and this is what I love. He says, "And if Satan by his power can make his laws work in man, how much more God?" I got about three amens on that one. You see what I'm saying? We'll recognize what the devil is doing and we'll amen it. But then when it comes to the things of God, it's like we ponder over it. Can you really, Lord? Goodness. We we we we we we we turn into mannequins and we start saying instead of saying yes Lord, we say church, the things of God can operate in our life just as easy as the laws of sin and death. But it's up to you whether you'll give it consent or not. I like Hallelujah. Super Rebecca. I got a I got a quote where the prophet of God says. He says, "Hallelujah. Receiving Hallelujah." He said, "Be things are are just as easy to receive as small things." Hallelujah. But how many of us go to God giving God consent to be a big God? We'll go to God. Y'all know me. We'll go to God say, "Lord, you know, I just need me a little car to get to work." And that what you get a little piece of junk cuz that what you asked for. Well, you say, "Lord, I need me something nice. Lord, Lord, I know you you are God. You want to count on a thousand hills." Hallelujah. You created the worlds. Lord, I know you can just bless me with a 20 25 Honda. Hallelujah. Y'all know, y'all know I wanted to say Maserati, but I'mma give y'all a break on that one. Hallelujah. But that's what I believe. I believe God can do it. I believe I believe that my God h I give him consent to be the biggest he want to be in my life. The prophet of God said, "How could we ever think we can exhaust God?" He say it's like having a spoon taking some water out of the ocean and you're like, "Oh, I didn't talk too much." Listen. He says, "And if Satan by his spirit can make his laws work in man, how much more of God with his power make his laws work in man?" Can I get an amen, church? He says, "If Satan can make his laws be sure," listen, he said, "You can make his laws be be sure." Some people go to the doctor and the doctor say, "Well, I don't see nothing." You'll be like, "You can't. I'm going to get a second opinion. I want this sickness bad. I don't know about you. I go to the doctor, they don't tell me they see nothing." I'm like, "Praise God. don't go on. I don't care how my body feel. Praise God. You don't see nothing. Normally, they don't see nothing. It's the devil waiting to get consent. That's why the pain is still there because he's waiting for you to accept it. And once you accept it, the next time you go take that X-ray, that lump will be there cuz you gave it permission to become visible. Oh, Jesus Christ. My I hope you're understanding me tonight, church. Hallelujah. Satan is a tool in God's hands, and all he can do is what we allow him to do. Now, I say that about Satan, but it's also the same about God. Very good. That's why he made us free more agents because he's not going to make us do anything, which he could. He could at the drop of a dime. He could make us do anything. But then because God is a lover, he's like, "No, he wants consent. He wants to know that you really understand who he is." Hallelujah. He wants you. He wants to know that you're really in love with him. And you give him consent to to to sit on the throne of your heart. You give him consent to control the battleground of your mind. You give him consent to live through you with the power of the Holy Ghost. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And I'm going back and forth because I want you to realize that tonight in your life, you've given consent to one of those spirits. Thank you, Lord. Say, "The devil made me do it." No, he didn't. The devil saying you made him do it. He run back to God said, "Why your people keep lying on lying on me? Only thing I'm doing is what they ask me to do. Are you with me? If Satan can make his laws be sure and us recognize it, how much more are God through his children to make his laws be recognized among his people of divine healing, revelation, power, gifts, manifestation of the spirit. What he's saying is everything that God is and we can recognize what the enemy does in his flesh, we should also be able to recognize what God is doing in our spirit and receive it. They that come to God must first believe that he is. He is tonight, church. Hallelujah. If you don't remember anything tonight when you walk out of here, get in your car on the way home, I want you to say to yourself, "God is." God is. Get in the mirror and say, "God is." As you eating your food, God is. As you're putting on your clothes, God is. When you walk in the bank, say, "God is." When you walk to the doctor, say, "God is." Yes, Lord. He's a rewarder. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. The saddest thing I see is, and I I don't just want to limit it to the message, but the saddest thing I see is in church, all the revelation we have concerning God that's been revealed in our day, and people be sitting right in church with no joy. It's just become a religious show up. Lord, all the things that God has done, all that's been revealed. I challenge you, church, you want you want to feel a little uncction about yourself, go back and listen to the fundamental foundation of of of a faith where the prophet begins to talk about when God created man, he created him superior. He created him to control, have dominion. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's how God created us. You say, "Well, brother D, I don't feel like that." That's because you're receiving the attribute of sin. Sin was the only thing that changed that. But then Jesus Christ came. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Gave his life, death, burial, resurrection, and he took that power away. He took the power of sin away, and he put us back in the place to be children of God again. So when you accept him as your savior, as your lord, you give God consent, hallelujah, to put you back in Eden again. Hallelujah. You know what? I'm to a place where I'm not worried about what somebody else is doing. I just want to make sure I'm where I supposed to be. Amen. I ain't worried about who come to church and who don't come to church. Long as when I come here, my log is lit. Lit. Somebody say it with me. Lit. When we come to the house of God, we want to be. That's right. The Bible said, "Oh, let me stop. I'm going to another message. Let me stop." Hallelujah. Listen. Everybody all right? He says, "When Jesus knocked at my heart, I let him in." Well, that's good. But when he comes into your heart, did you welcome him to your entire being? That mean God, you can have me and do whatever you will. That's the reason why a lot of people don't want the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost, the only way you can have it is is is if it dominates you. Hallelujah. Because it's the life of Christ and too many of us don't want to be dominated. That's why we got this thing going around. You hear people say, you know, you ask somebody and say, "Are you a church boy? Are you religious?" No, I'm spiritual. Huh? How you going to have religion? How you going to be spiritual without any kind of order of religion? But people will say they spiritual so they can still live in sin and do whatever they want to do. But then they'll say, "I pray. I believe in God." But do you live for him? That's the difference. If you're really spiritual, you'll give your life to live for him. Hallelujah. Don't give me all this. I'm spiritual and you still out there doing all the stuff in the world that you would do without even knowing God. I'm spiritual. Yeah, you spiritual. All right. There's many people that will welcome Jesus in as savior, but can he be your lord? Lord is ownership. You know, and some of us, and I'm not fussing, some of us our own pride won't let our own pride won't let God have ownership. It's like a husband walk up to his wife and say, "Honey, you know I own you, don't you?" No, you don't either. You don't own me. My daddy don't even own Nobody own me. You right. Nobody. Nobody. You out there all by yourself, nobody. But what if Jesus comes and says, "Hey, I want ownership." You say, "Okay, God, I accept you as savior." He said, "No, I'm not not just savior. I want your heart. I want your mind. I want your ears and your eyes. Everything spiritually that you can connect with, I want that to be mine. Hallelujah. That's ownership. Yeah, we done been baptized. Come to church and we are the generation. We are the converation. Yeah. We get up, we sing, sing nice spiritual anointed songs. But is God sitting there? Does he have ownership? is that song of revelation. Hallelujah. And Paul know I love his music. Hallelujah. Listen. He said the Lord has complete control. You would plentilally welcome him to keep you out of hell and torment. Amen. We all would accept a God like that that'll keep me out of hell. But living for God has to be bigger than that. You just scared of going to hell. That's all. Come on. You got to be bigger than that. Hallelujah. There's a lot of people out there scared of going to hell, but they won't live for God. They won't serve for God. Hallelujah. That's why things happen. They get in car crashes. They get sick. They get healed. and they go back to doing whatever they was doing because they'll accept him as a healer, as a savior, as a deliverer, but they won't let him have ownership. They don't give him full consent. He said, "You, oh my." He said, "The Lord had complete control. Would you would you keep him out of hell or torment?" He said you would welcome him as your savior but as but are you willing to welcome him as your lord and take over your full take over full control in the heart there's little doors hallelujah like in the house if I come to your house to visit you and welcome you and you say brother Brandham I give you like this the house and all that's within it but then you take me by the hand and you say you see this door I don't want you going in pray. Come on now. See, that doesn't mean you have full complete consent of the house. I'm restricted. Is God restricted tonight? Is he restricted in your heart? Is he restricted in your mind? Is he restricted? Hallelujah. In your habits, or does he have full consent? That's right. What I'm saying is if God doesn't have full power and consent, that means you've given it to the enemy. He said, "And you see this place now, don't go in there and this place, don't go in there. Then I'm just partially welcome." My Is God partially welcome tonight in your spirit? He said, "And that's the way people usually receive the Lord as partially welcome, but he wants to come in and be welcome." Amen. And we examine ourselves tonight and we say, "God, does God really have full reign over my being? Does he have full consent?" Hallelujah. Consent, permit. Hallelujah. Have we permitted God to have ownership? Have you approved it? No, I ain't doing that. I belong to God. Hallelujah. Or agree. And that's the thing about it right there. Hallelujah. A lot of times we don't give full consent is because we're not agreeing with it. I'mma put this out there. I'm going to say it. I'mma stump on the devil's head. There's nothing wrong with the message. Amen. The thing is people spiritually didn't agree with it. Things in their heart didn't agree with it. Things in their lifestyle didn't agree with it. See, I'll put it in a nutshell. The reason why people have a problem with the which is the message is what the revelation of Jesus Christ. The reason why people have a problem with it is because they don't agree with Christ having full dominion and reign over their lives. And the message of the hour, hallelujah, don't give consent for you. Hallelujah. To say you holy and then walk around on the beach with a song. It's true. Hallelujah. And that's the reason why we have Hallelujah. People saying, "Well, I'm free. I'm this." Yeah, you're free because you can be what you want to be now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. And I love this part. The word consent also means to comply. I'll get in step with it. As much as it may be hard for me, God, I'mma surrender this part of my life to you. I'm going to let you take over it. God, I will comply. No matter how out of step I might be, Lord, I want to get in step. I will comply. I will give myself to you that you can take control of this human machine and make it do what you want it to do. I will comply. Like they say in the military, sir. Yes, sir. That's what we ought to be doing spiritually when it comes to God. And he says, "Hey, hey, you've been doing this. You've been on social media long enough. Now it's time to go pray, sir." Yes, sir. You've been watching this a little too long. Now it's time to give me some praise. Sir, yes, sir. You've gave me 40 hours on the job. Now it's time to go to church and participate. Say yes, sir. No matter how mad them soldiers might be, they still got to stay in step. They could be under their breath. My my sergeant make me mad. Make me sick. I can't let them down here. Get on my nerves. Get on my You always messing with me. I'm so sick of marching, but he don't stop marching. He's giving consent to be a part of that army. So, he has to comply with everything about that army. You've given consent to be a part of the army of the Lord. So you've got to comply, sir. Yes, sir. Now, the young people going to remember that one, honey, did you clean your room, sir? Yes, sir. Did you do your homework, sir? Yes, sir. [Laughter] Hallelujah. Don't get nervous. I'm about to close. Let's go back. So hopefully we understand what consent is. Let me let me let me let me read you something else. Listen, I want to see the people of God free. I don't preach for fame or fortune. Hallelujah. But I pray God use the gift to bring his people closer. Amen. that when we speak, I've given God so much consent that you don't see me, you see him. Hallelujah. That when you hear Hallelujah, what I'm saying, when it's repeated back into your consciousness and you hear your voice, but you hear God telling you to do it. That's right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But when I when I when I when I think about it, church, and I think about the yielding to the spirit, Hallelujah. It's not as hard as we make it to be. It's just the fact that you yielding yourself and say, "Lord, here am I." Look, oh, I love this, brother Paul. It ain't up to me to prove that God is a provider. That's who he is. I give him consent to prove it. Hallelujah. It ain't up to you to prove that God is a healer. Amen. It's up to God to prove that because he called himself the healer. Hallelujah. It ain't up to us to prove hallelujah. God's joy, God's peace, everything about God. No, we give him consent. God be that to me. So, it's up to God to prove who he is. His reputation is on the line. And we have to ask ourselves, how many of us really think God will fail you if his reputation is on the line? [Applause] Good preaching. Yes, sir. Listen, I want you to catch this. One thing I love talking about is confession. Confession is a powerful tool given to the believer. Love is powerful. Faith is powerful. But confession, confession strips the devil from any power he may have ever had over you. Once you confess it and say, "God, I give it to you. Satan is done. He have no more cons." You say, "Oh, brother D, I smoked last night." You say, "Lord, I want you to take this away from me. I'm sick of these cigarettes. I'm sicker. Please don't turn the blood hound loose. If you got a problem with a little cigarette tonight, you can be delivered. And it's not according to me, but it's according to your consent. That's right. Because there's people here who's giving God consent to deliver them from that and they're delivered. Hallelujah. So I say that tonight that he is still the same. He didn't change. Oh my. Listen, let me read this to you. He says, "And I said, now this is a story where the prophet is talking about the woman who committed adultery and she wanted to take that to her grave." You know, her husband was in the military and she said, "Uh, I'm taking it to the grave." And keep in mind, she was a Sunday school teacher. coming to church, being used of God, breaking bread, bringing a Bible open with a secret inside. A secret so near and dear to her heart. It was killing her. I don't want I don't need to keep a secret that bad where I got to die for it. Don't tell me nothing. Listen, you know, she came to brother said, "Bro, I'm dying and this and that. I don't know what's happening. You know, I need prayer." So, finally, God gave him the vision and everything. He said, "Hey, you commit you committed adultery with your husband while he was overseas. You need to go tell me." She said, "Ah, no. No, I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. What about my children? What about my marriage? What about What about What about She wasn't giving God consent, right? Yes, she wanted healing and healing was there, but she wasn't willing to receive it by the way of confession. God wants to do it for you, but are you willing to let him do it? There are certain laws and certain avenues and ways that we must go to see God be who he is. You got to give God consent because if you don't, the devil is still there. Listen, I'll read it. He says, he said, and I say I said that's up to them. I don't know. But I said, you never know. No matter how much you stream, scream, how loud you scream, how much you pray, that devil's got a legal right to stay there. and think about what you're going through and ask yourself, does the devil have a legal right to stay in my life doing what he's doing right now? Whatever your problem is, does he have a legal right? The only way he will have a legal right is if you haven't given God consent. you haven't made your confession to the Lord. That's the only way the devil can stay there. That's the only way you can remain his property by spiritual law. Listen, he said that devil's got a legal right to stay there and he will stay there, too. That's right. He's got a right to stay to stay there. Not only that, but if you supposed to have done something and didn't do it, he has a legal right of disobedience. And we wonder why we come to church and can't get into the service and and just don't feel like the spirit moving. Maybe you were supposed to do something and didn't do it. And that spirit of disobedience is on you. And Satan got a right to hover over you from a spirit of disobedience. Now, I want you to understand something tonight. This is not calling you out. This is deliverance. This is stripping Satan from all his power. Exactly. Taking away his consent. taking away his right to stay in your life in sickness and and and and in health or whatever else in mind, whatever you're troubled in. Hallelujah. What we're doing is exposing his tactics that you can be free and let God be who he is in your life. He said he has a legal right of disobedience. So there's what it is. Hallelujah. Combing that person, you'll find out just where the cause is. Then you know where to start for the cure. Confession is your cure. Hallelujah. He said, then you know where to start for the cure. See, it's unconfessed sins many times. So you so you watch what you say. Stumping this one out and stumping that one out. See, that's right. See, faith will move, but not when he's got a legal right. You say, "Lord, why you ain't answering my prayer?" Maybe Satan has a legal right. You've given somebody consent. Satan. Oh my. This This be blowing me away when brother Brown be saying stuff like this. He says, "Satan knows his rights." See, we don't even think about it like that. We just say, "Oh, oh, um, the Bible say, thou shalt not steal. Thou shall not lie. Thou shall not commit adultery." It's bigger than that. Hallelujah. These laws that we operate in naturally and spiritually, Hallelujah. It gives the enemy a right to stay there, right? And he'll be right there smiling at God knowing he God can't touch him cuz he doesn't have consent. Brother B say he knows his rights and he'll stay right there. Exactly. That's why he said when the house is garnished and all washed up, he'll be kicked out. Yeah. You can come up here and pray. We'll pray about it. Hallelujah. And because of who we are as men of God, we can come up here and pray and push that demon out your life. But if you haven't confessed your sins, you've given him consent to return. He say he'll walk in a dry place and he say, "You know what? I'm going back to my house cuz you never confessed that you didn't want him there." Wow. And I know I I let me say this, yield to the spirit cuz I know right now we're in the realm of demonology and we're dealing with spirits. So don't look at me and hold on to that evil spirit. God is trying to set you free. Amen. Hallelujah. And I can feel them here. I can Oh my I can feel the spirits in here tightening up trying to get you just to look at the preacher when God is saying, "No, I'm here. Give me consent. To kick the devil out your house. Hallelujah. What we do, we we instead of going free, we think about certain terms of of of the natural laws like if I go ask for prayer, I'm going to be embarrassed. It'd be even much more embarrassing with the devil sitting in your life, taking over your life, destroying your life when you could have just said, "God, set me free. Let me say this. Are we good for time? Let me see. Praise God. I got about three people say keep preaching. We ain't been in church two hours yet. I remember one time before I became a full-time evangelist and God was trying to get me there and I didn't really understand, you know, what he wanted from me. So, I kept working my job and he kept giving me signs to quit, people talking to me, saying stuff. I thought you was full-time. All these things, you know. So, what started to happen to me was I was a truck driver. Y'all heard his testimony. I was a truck driver. So every time I get in the truck, my eyes would get heavy where they wouldn't stay open and I couldn't drive. So I pull over. I said, "Well, I must be getting enough sleep." So I try to sit there 15 minutes and wasn't sleepy. So I scraped my eyes open, drive for the rest of me, make it home. And it got worse and worse. Why did it get worse? Because I wasn't giving the right spirit consent. Hallelujah. So look, finally I I tell my boss, uh, and be careful what you call people cuz they'll manifest the words out of your mouth. I used to call my boss Pharaoh. And I say, Pharaoh, I'm going to the I'm going to the eye doctor tomorrow. He said, "You will not." He's going to operate like what I call him, Pharaoh. Not even realize. He said, "You will not. If you go to the high dollar, you going to be looking for another job. I'm like, huh? It didn't even make any sense. I'm driving your truck with 70,000 lbs on it and you don't want me to see any sense. But he's just being Pharaoh. Wow. But he's a tool in God's hands. Because my confession was, God, I'm not gonna quit. I'm not just going to quit my job. You going to have to do something. Don't make deals with God. Don't Don't Don't try to be all spiritual. Make deals with God. Cuz one thing about it, God going to keep his end of the bargain. And you don't get to choose how he's going to make that deal come to pass. You might feel like you got cheated. But you going to do what he want you to do. I said, "Lord, I ain't gonna quit, but you got to do something." Next thing you know, my eyes wouldn't stay open. Tell Pharaoh, "I'mma quit." He said, "You quit." He, "No." I said, "I'm going to the eye doctor." He said, "You go to the eye doctor, you'll be looking for another job." I like, "Man, that don't make no sense. That man going to fire me for going to no eye doctor." So, I go to the eye doctor. Come back the next day, still with no solution. went to one doctor. He looked at me, did all the tests, sit down, cross his legs, look at, I do not know. I do I do I do not know. Sometimes you be looking for natural answers and it's something spiritual taking place. That's true. But you know, most of the time doctors don't like to be defeated. So he still prescribed me something. I do not know that'll be $60 in a prescription. And it is it is so crazy what he prescribed. I go to the I go to the CVS to get the prescription. I get the prescription. It's some nasal spray. What does that have to do with my eyes? Sometimes we look for natural solutions from men and it's just don't it just ain't going to work. The wisdom of man is foolishness to God. So you know what? I I got to get in and I kept it. And I used to wake up in the morning and get in the mirror and say, "I do not know." But then after that, church, hallelujah, God be to like I said, I went back and like the man said, I was fired. And God let it linger on and linger on. And the reason why he let it linger, I probably was like that for a month. My eyes completely closed. I couldn't drive. I couldn't do nothing. Couldn't do nothing. I could I could stretch my eyes open like this, get where I'm going, close my eyes. But you can't drive no two hour, three hour like you can't you can't drive like that. You ain't that strong. So anyway, make a long story short, and I realized after all of it, after I went through it, that God allow it to go that long because he knew if I would have got my healing like that, I would have went and got another job. But then church, uh, one day you can ask Brother Smiley this. I went to go preach with brother Smiley. He said, "Hey, come on down here. Make a long story short." I said, I said, "I can't do it." He said, "What you mean?" I said, "Something wrong with my eyes?" say, "Man, I got meeting scheduled. You better come home." And you know, a lot of times people can't see or understand what you're going through. You know, and people in the church be like, "Man, uh, getting your quotes about faith and all this." He like, "Yeah, leave me alone. You understand what I'm going through." So, I get all the way down to Okchobee and get out the car. Hallelujah. Me and my family, I didn't do the driving. My wife did all the driving. And then at that time, Hallelujah. get out the car. Brother Smile said he saw me. He told me this. He said he saw me. Check me in. Ran to his house and started praying cuz I walking around like a zombie. Eyes closed. He ain't got now. You probably was thinking how we going to have meeting. This man ain't got his eyes open. But I didn't. But one key thing about it God kept showing me was every time I tried to read my Bible, my eyes stayed open. Wow. So that night I came out to preach and brother Smiley said, "Holly, everybody all right?" Brother Smiley said, "Hey, brother D's going through something with his eyes." Now all this brother Smiley saw it. Brother Jack was there. Brother Wesco, all these all these brothers saw this testimony. So you can ask them if you don't believe it. He said, "Brother De's going through something with his eyes." He said, "But one thing he don't need is no sympathy." Wow. He said, "We need a move of God." Right? So, he called me out and I stretched my eyes over, walked out, got on the pull pit, started reading my Bible, and my eyes stayed open, and I preach like I'm doing right now. Ran around the place. I had a good time. Praise God. Woo! Everything was good. I felt like I was healed. And as soon as I finished preaching, they closed. Wow. Wow. My my So one day I still didn't understand what was going on. But then I start putting it together. Whenever I'm doing something concerning the ministry, my eyes are open. Whenever I try to provide for myself, my eyes are closed. So one day I got up that morning. And I open my eyes, put my face in my Bible, I say, "Lord, you knew about this before the foundation of the world. Now confession time. Lord, if you want me to go fulltime in the ministry, I accept it today." That was the last time my eyes closed like that. Just a simple confession. But a lot of times we don't confess because we worried about all the other things that come behind it. You know, I was worried about my finances and providing for the family and all these things. The first meeting I went and preached, God confirmed that he was my provider. Cuz I'm thinking about that 40hour check. Lord, I need this. So, I preached for a brother and he blessed me beyond blessings. He He just said he just felt led to do it. Wow. And it was God confirming, hallelujah, that you have made the you've given the right one consent. Hallelujah. Trust me tonight, if you ever give God consent, he will show you you've made the right decision. But if you don't, the devil will stay there. And he knew. God knew. Hallelujah. As long as I didn't make a confession about recepting or receiving what he's had for me, the enemy had a right to stay there. That's right. Now, I'mma close. Let me finish reading this. Faith will move, but not when he's got a legal right. Satan knows what his rights is and what he hasn't got a right to. That's right. Clean yourself up before God and come before him pure and holy. Ask then. And I'm sure we all got things that we want God to do. And sometimes it's clear and sometimes it's not. But the question is, who have you given consent to? Amen. There's a lot of things about God I don't understand, but I'm willing to let him have dominion. I'm willing to let him be Lord. There are plenty of times where I don't feel like going out and preaching, but I I I give myself away to him. I give him consent. And you know, Hallelujah. Whether you realize it or not. Hallelujah. When you give God consent, you give God hallelujah the permission to bless you. That's because he says all things work together for what? Good. Amen. Oh my. I'mma close with John five. John chapter 5. The man at the pool of Bethesda. Oh my. Say he had a infirmity 38 years. He could see the moving of the water. He knew it was something special going on, but he just couldn't get there in time. Can you imagine watching that? Can you imagine coming to church and seeing the spirit move and it pass you by? You say, "This one shouted. This one raised their hand. This one cried. This one sat there in reverence, but I didn't feel nothing." That's how this man was. He was watching people be healed. Can you imagine? He was about to put his foot in and somebody say, "Look next time." And get out whole. He see somebody maybe with a with a limp or something. Like again, the prophet God said, "It don't say exactly what his sickness was. He just lived with it for 38 years." And he was strong enough to try to get up and get there, but he wasn't fast enough. He said somebody would always jump in before him. Imagine that, church. You can see the spirit moving, but you can't get blessed by it. You know the blessing is there, but it's something hindering you. Don't be that person tonight. Come on, Burke. Kenny, come on. This man, he gets there. Hallelujah. He sees that the water's troubled like it's always been. and he makes his way and somebody jumps in and he goes back to what he is living under the consent of sickness. Think about how many times he may have said, "Man, I was just that close." Another year come, "Man, I was just that close." But then one year, the angel troubles the water. He don't make it, but Jesus walks around. The Bible say Jesus sees him. And I love how the prophet of God say he walks past everybody else. It was sick people all over the place. It said it was it was uh uh those who were blind and lame and uh uh different diseases and sicknesses and Jesus walked past everybody just to get to him. My could you be that person tonight? But look, we're talking about consent. Jesus comes up to him after the water is troubled and everything and he asks the man a question. Jesus wants consent. Yes. He wants consent tonight. He knew the man's condition, but he wanted the man to allow him to be who he is. He asked me say, "Will thou be made whole?" Woo. Jesus asked me, "Was he already a healer?" Yes, he was. Was he already a deliverer? Yes, he was. Did he had the power to cast out any demon? Yes, he could. Yes. But he want us to realize he can do it. Yes, sir. He wants you to give him consent and drive the devil out. He asked the man, "Will thou be made whole?" Listen to his response. The immortant man answered him, "Sir, I have no man." Jesus didn't ask him that. He asked him, "Will thou be made whole?" Don't think about any excuses tonight. Answer the question. Don't look at your condition. Answer the question. He says, "I have no man when the water is troubled to put me into the pool." Jesus didn't ask him that. Stop making excuses. Yes. Well, this brother in the message hurt me. You know, this pastor hurt me. He didn't ask you that. Will you be made whole tonight? I'm the only one in my family in the message. He didn't ask you that. Right. Will you be made whole? Stop making excuses. Stop blaming on everybody else. Do you want to go? Do you want to be free from it or not? Listen, he says, "I ain't got nobody to put me in the pool." He says, "But while I am coming, another step down before me." Jesus already knew that. That's why he asked him, "Would you be made whole?" Who do who does who does this man think was sending the angel? He knew what was taking place. God already knew what was taking place. We don't have to be all super spiritual with God. He already knows. Will you allow him to be what you need him to be? He says, "But while I'm coming another step down before me," Jesus said unto him, "Rise, take up thy bed, and walk." And immediately the man was made whole and took up his bed and walked on the same day was the Sabbath. As soon as he allowed God to be God, yes, he was made whole. As soon as he gave God consent, his trouble of 38 years, how long has that thing been troubling you? 38 years delivered just like that. I was in a prayer line one time. A sister came up. She said, "Brother De," a sister came up. Brother D said, "Brother De, I've been smoking weed for 10 years. I ain't know. The pastor didn't know. But she was the word came forth and she was making her confession. But what she was doing was she was kicking that devil out. And the husband comes and he say he says, "Oh, brother, she she does it, you know, for a illness or sickness." I wanted to say in the name of get out of I want to lay hands on him because he's making excuses for the habit. That's it. Don't let your loved ones get in the way of your deliverance. When family comes to be delivered, don't you make excuses for your baby. Let them go. Oh my. Let them come to God. But this man, hallelujah, this sister, she comes up and she makes her confession. She says, "I've been smoking weed for 10 years." And her husband starts making excuses. Well, brother this and that and she's using it for, you know, medical reason. I said, man, hey, I say, hey, stop that. Don't do that. Better yet, you go sit down. We don't need you up here to pray. You go sit down. That's why I'm not a pastor. I'm just kind of rude sometimes. I ain't arrogant. I just don't have time for no foolishness. We come to cast out a demon and you want it, you want it to stay, man. Just go sit down. sit down. We'll deal with you later. But she she she was making her confession. While she was doing it, she was crying because she knew the power that we had over her. That's it. She knew she wasn't using it for the right reason. She knew it was now an addiction, right? And she wanted deliverance. And church, we started to praying. Hallelujah. She didn't do a backwards flip or front flip. She didn't scream to the top of her lungs. She just raised her hands. And you know what she did? She received it. [Laughter] He said, "What happens if we recognize God and receive it? You will get, hallelujah, the results of receiving God just as you would, Hallelujah. Recognizing the enemy and receiving it, you'll get the results of sin and death. What about tonight? If we recognize God and receive it, she lifted her hands, raised her hands, and hallelujah. The testimony came back. Hallelujah. She said, "Brother De, I can't even remember what it tastes like." Hallelujah. G, it's completely gone. I have no more craving for it. Hallelujah. That's when you know you're delivered. There's no more craving for it. That's real sanctification when the want to is gone. You if you one of them people say you was delivered and you running off every time you get around I can't I can't be around that. Might still have a little power over you. When God delivers you, he delivers you. Now, I ain't saying tempt yourself, but what I'm saying is when you're delivered, you're not running from the devil. You're standing your ground. But this man, once he gave God consent, he received what God always was without the excuses he was making. So, if you ask yourself tonight, who have you given consent to? Who have you given the authority to live in your life to reign and have dominion? Is it God or is your spiritual house still a playground for the enemy? Let's pray. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Here I am to work worship. Here I am. Bow down. Here I am. Say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together, all together wonderful to me. [Music] [Music] Let's bow our heads. [Music] Keep keep playing that right there, brother. Now, tonight, we've already challenged the enemy. [Music] We've challenged the enemy and exposed his whereabouts. Now, it's up to you to kick the enemy out of your house. Whatever your struggle is, whatever situation is. You have to say to it right now, you have to speak to it right now. Get it out your house. You got the power to shut the door on the devil and give God consent to be your deliverer. Will you give him consent to take up that space where the enemy has been? Will you give him consent? Don't be religious tonight. Be honest with yourself. We're not going to drag it out, but be honest with yourself. It don't take a long big prayer line for you to get what you need. All it take is you acknowledging that God is as the spirit is moving right now. Speak to that thing in your life and tell it to go. [Music] speak to it and denounce his power tonight. Whatever it may be, I don't have to know. You don't have to tell me. Tell God. Tell God. Let the spirit move tonight. Will you be free? Will you go free? Will you give God spiritual consent? Hallelujah. To restore your joy. I want you to denounce the spirit of disobedience tonight. I want you to denounce depression tonight. Sadness and loneliness. We got so much to be happy for. Don't let the enemy do that to you. And if you're fighting a sickness, it can be dealt with tonight. Before you got that sickness, God was already a healer. Will you let him be who he is? Will you give him consent tonight? God is God and there's none like him in all the earth. Lord Jesus, Father, you see your people, Lord, and you know each and every need in this place. Lord, you know the struggles of life. Lord, you know the troubles in the mind, the heart, and the body, Lord. But now we call upon you, Lord, to be all that that you are, Lord. Not only to be our savior, not only to be our healer or deliverer. Lord, we want you to have ownership. You take control of this vessel. Lord, you step aboard my boat and you grab the oars and direct me into the direction you want me to go. Can you give God that spiritual consent tonight to take control of your thoughts, to take control of your habits and all your ways and say, God, I give myself away to your will and to your purpose. Lord, only you knows. And Lord, we wouldn't say these things if these spirits wasn't present because you don't waste your time. But we bind the enemy right now in the name of Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus Christ, we speak healing in the building. We speak deliverance in the building. Lord, all that you are, be that to your people tonight. The prophet said, "Recognize it and receive it." Recognize who he is and receive it. Receive it. Receive it tonight. Receive it tonight. Receive it in the name of Jesus Christ. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together love. Allto together worthy. All together wonderful [Music] to me. Does anybody need anything from God? Here I am to you lift your hands to God and say, "Here I am. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all to give. You're lovely. You're so worthy. You're wonderful to me. [Applause] Here I am to worship. Here I am. Bow down to say that you're my God. All together you're all together lovely. [Music] You're so worthy. You're wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Sing it with me. Here I am to say that you're my God. [Music] All together lovey. All together worthy. All together fall to me. Here I am to worship together and to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. [Music] Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] I give myself away. Can you lift your hand and surrender all tonight? Well, I give myself away so you can use. Oh, I give myself away, Lord Jesus. I give myself away so you could live. My life is not mine. Oh, my life is not my own. You I belong. [Music] Do you really mean it tonight? Do you really mean it? My life is not my own. My life is not [Music] to you. I belong. I give myself I give myself to you well. I give myself away all of my heart for everything that I am. Oh, I give my Lord. There is no secret places that we don't yield to you tonight. There is no place that we don't give you consent to come. Lord, there is no doors of our heart, Lord, that we wouldn't give you tonight, Lord. [Music] So you can use it when my life is not. Oh, my life is not. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah. I give myself. I give myself to you. My life you I give myself I give myself to you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Lord has certainly answered in a wonderful way tonight to our lives and our hearts. And uh I didn't realize until tonight how many limitations and restrictions that we put on God and we never believe. That's the conviction that I sense from the service tonight and I'll take the correction. We ourselves can put restrictions on God. It's funny about us though. We'll pray, we want something, want something greater. We want to be God to make God greater in our lives. But sometimes it's us restricting him being greater. Sometimes it's just answering the question. Just answer the question. Jesus said, "Wilt thou be made whole?" Just answer the question. Don't give excuses. Don't No, just answer it. Do you want to be well? And that's always asking, "Do you want to be healed? Do you want to be well? Do you want to be delivered? Do you want me to take control of this certain part of your heart or are you going to keep the door locked? And when brother Braden preached that, I don't think any of us knew that Revelations 3 says Christ was on the outside knocking trying to get in. He reads that text, but none of us realize when it comes to this house here, we can open the first door to the front door and we can say we want Jesus as our savior, but there's a lot of other rooms in our lives. Can you say amen? There's a lot of other doors in this house. And tonight, we can come expecting something in this church building, but when God comes on the scene, it's about where this heart is. That's what he's concerned with. Do we give him the permission and consent to be a bigger God? I tell you tonight, Lord, I want to give you full permission and full sway and full surrender to be bigger in my life than what you are now. To be the greater God. He's already greater, but I give him permission to be greater in my life. And God, if I'm putting any restrictions, if I'm trying to handle something myself, and this is an area that I'm controlling, maybe you're a control freak. No, no, no. I'm going to give it to him. I'm going to turn it over to him. I'm going to surrender it right now to him. That's what I heard from the ser. I said, the Lord's speaking to us. Is there any place in our heart that we're not given consent? I'll tell you, that's why we can't see more of God in our lives. It's not because he's not who he is. It's not because he can't do it. Not because there's not nor more freedom down the road. We can even say amen to that. But tonight, he tells us just answer the question. Do you want to be more free? Just answer the question. Do you want to be well? Just answer the question. Do you want your marriage to be better? Just answer the question. How far along do you want to be with the Lord or do you want to restrict it with your own restraints? And if we just answer the question, he's ready and willing to step in. My heart has been ministered to tonight. You almost don't want to close a service like this because you just I just see that milky feeling. The Holy Spirit is really strong here tonight in this service. You ought to say just lift your hand. Say, "Lord, I consent. I give you permission. I surrender. I surrender." Don't make it a song, but say, "I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Make it more than a song. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. Oh yes, Lord. I surrender. I don't want you to just be my savior, Lord. I want you to be Lord. I want you to be complete. Living, Lord, on the control tower, living in this house, Lord. Jesus, I surrender my life. Oh, I give it all to you. Can we sing these verses before you go tonight? Think about it now. Make it your prayer. I know Lord your plan for me is right. [Applause] I need you to fulfill your purpose in my life. I submit. Yes Lord to you my king. Lord be my everything. I'm coming to you again. Hallelujah. Lord here I am. Here I am Lord. Here I am Lord. I surrender. I surrender. Lord, I surrender my God. [Music] I give it all to you tonight. Lord, I give it all to you. I give it to you. I surrender more than just words to a song. It's my prayer tonight. I surrender. Let me hold nothing back for you. Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you, [Music] Jesus. Jesus, humble [Music] and broken, I come to you. I'm trusting and waiting to see what you Oh, how powerful. Lord, you know what's next. That you're free. I find my rest. I'm coming to you again. Lord, here I am. Here I am. [Music] Surrender. Hallelujah. I surrender. [Music] I give it all to you. I give it all to you. [Music] Lord, I surrender my life. Give it all to me. Amen. God bless you tonight. Appreciate the presence of the Lord. Ministry of the word. God bless you all. All the visitors. I forgot to announce Brother Homer has his grandson. Brother Jonathan visiting with us. God bless you. and also several brother Diggs family haven't been up since years ago and his two daughters and his son-in-law and grandson. God bless you all for coming as well. All the other visitors tonight as well. You're welcome to stay in worship. Dine will come and lead some more songs. You're welcome. I just appreciate when God I asked him this week, Lord, I need something personal for me. I need something for me. God gave it to me tonight. God gave me what I was crying in my heart for tonight and God answered. The meetings are not over. We're looking forward to in the morning. We're looking forward to tomorrow night. And I believe the Lord is going to speak to us. Father, love you so much tonight, Lord. Sense that you're near. You when you come, Lord, you you don't want to just give us a feeling. We feel good and go away. But Lord, you you want to ask those questions to us that you asked the impotent man. Lord, do you want to be well? Just a simple question. And if we'll give you permission, if we'll give you the consent, Lord, if you if we when we do, we release more of your power, more of your love, Lord, and that's what we desire. Father, thank you, Lord, for being here in a special way. We pray you continue to bless these meetings, Lord, to our congregation, all that's gathered. We just put our trust in you. We believe and that Lord that we're here for a purpose and you've seen us here before the foundation of the world. You had something for us Lord. We just commit these things to you and what's been said. May they have great fruit come from them Lord in our lives. We pray in Jesus name we ask it. Everybody said amen. Amen. More love, more power, more of you in my life. How many want more of that? More love. More power, [Music] more of you in my life. Oh, more love, more more power, more of you in my life. And I will worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my mind. I will worship you with all of my strength. You are my Lord. [Music] You are my Lord. God bless you tonight. You're dismissed in Jesus name. More love. More power. [Music] More of you in my life. More love. More love. More power, more of you in my eyes. Sing more and more love, more love, more power, more in my life. More more, more love, more power, more of you in my life. So I will worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my strength. [Music] You are my Lord. Oh, more love, more love, more power, more of you in my life. More love, more love, more power, more of you in my heart. Oh, I will worship you with all of my heart. I will worship you with all of my mind. I will worship you with all of my strength. For you are my Lord. Oh, you are my Lord. And who report will you believe? Hallelujah. We shall believe the report of the Lord. And who report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord and his report. says I am healed. Lord his reort says I am filled in his report says I am free. Oh his report says victory. [Music] Oh, whose report will you believe? We shall we shall believe the report of the Lord. Oh, whose report will you will you believe? We shall we shall believe the report of all in his report says I am here [Music] says I am [Music] says I am And his report says victory. [Music] Whose report will you believe? Oh, we shall believe the report of who? Will you believe? Oh, we shall [Music] re say I am he is I am [Music] I am vtory Oh [Music] sh [Music] I will I will be the one since I am here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] victory. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing as we go. Victory is mine tonight. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine. Oh, I s is alive. I told Satan to get the victory. [Music] Joy is mine. Joy is joy. Joy is mine. Oh, I Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I never [Music] Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus today is my love is my love Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is Hallelujah. Praise God. Makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Praise makes me want to shout halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Take it up for makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, let me shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the most. When I think about the Lord, how he picks me up and turn me around, how he placed my feet on that solid ground. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. Lord, it makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory, all the honor, all the praise. He makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor, all the praise. Yes, Lord. So, I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Well, I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king cuz all that I have is a halleluj. [Music] So, oh, so I throw my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] I know it's not much of nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shot on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I know it's not much of nothing else for a king except for a heart sing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music]
