################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - 2025.04.23 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In He Cares, Do You Care (Part 2) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   2025.04.23 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 2)
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5HGkA0WpS0
========================================

[Music] me. [Music] I can't. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. We [Music] are beautiful. [Music] Oh, he's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Oh, he all I need, Lord. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Let's go to the next one. Let's all stand. You're all telling this tonight. I need talk to Oh, you're all I need. My Jesus is all I need. Oh, you're all I need. [Music] You're all I need. [Music] Jesus is all I need. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's just so good to be in his house tonight. Brother Steven Offlin, would you come up and lead us in a word of prayer tonight? Amen. Amen. You get what you expect. Amen. When you come into his house, Amen. So, Amen. Don't Don't sell yourself short tonight. Amen. Come expecting with all your heart. Amen. All your mind, all your soul. Amen. Amen. Let's just go to heaven. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, tonight for where I'm privileged, Lord, that we have, Lord, coming to gather in this house tonight, Lord. And Father, we come expecting, Lord. Father, we we know that the minister has set himself aside and he's sought your mind and sought your heart, Lord. Father now we just ask Lord you would help us Lord to set aside Lord the things of the day Lord the things of the week Lord that have already come against us Lord help us Lord just to draw in closer tonight Lord and to draw up Lord close and as it were Lord to suckle from the pop Lord Father we know Lord that you are the supplier of all of our needs and Lord you know every heart that's in the building at night you know every burden that's on each heart we just pray Lord You minister onto each one, Father. Lord, we pray and receive our worship tonight, Lord. Lord, we thank you. Last in your mighty name, name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's sing. The name of the Lord is a strong tower tonight. Amen. Let's sing it tonight. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower righteous front. They are saved. The name, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower the righteous run into. Oh, and they are saved. Bless his name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, take it up. Oh, oh, the name of the Lord is what is it? He is our strong tower. The righteous run into. May I say the name of the Lord is a strong [Music] tower run to and they are saved. Bless his name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most [Music] high. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountains stand by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the side rock I s when I need a shelter. When I need a friend I go to rock. Ask yourself tonight, where do where do I go? Oh, when there's no one left to turn to, who can I talk to? When there's no one left to listen, who I lean on? Hallelujah. When there's no foundation stable, I go to the right. I know he's able. I go to the rock. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the brothers rejected. Unto the mountain and the mountain stand by me. In the earth, all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Oh, where do I go? Oh, when the storms of life are threatening, who do I turn to? Oh, yes. When those winds of sorrow blowing and there is a refuge in the time of tribulation, I go to the rock. I know he is able. I go to the rock. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to a stone that the builders rejected. Welcome to the mountain and the mountains stand by me. Where the earth all around me a sinking sand of Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter when I need a friend I'll go to the rock. When I need shelter, oh when I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the [Music] rock. Hallelujah. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Clap the praise for being my rock. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. You may be seated tonight. Amen. That song got me a little bit excited tonight and I'm not ashamed of that. Amen. He is our rock. When everything else fails us in life, the stock market goes up and down. We can watch it all day long and it's just going to disappoint and disappoint and but we have something steady. Not only steady, but it's steadily going up. See, the stock market goes like, you know, but God with God, with Christ, it's a steady, always going up. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's a good investment. Amen. It's a good investment. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. He heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened forever. Sing that again. My God. Oh my God is awome. He can move the mountains. Keep me in the valleyies. Hide me from the rain. Yes, Lord. Oh, my God is awome. He heals me when I'm broken. Strength where I've been weakened. Wherever He will reign. Tell him tonight, "My God, oh my God is awome. You are awome. Yes, Lord. You're [Music] awome. You're awome. My God. My God is awome. Oh, you are so awome. Oh, awome. So awome. And my God is awesome. The savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. Yes, Lord. Oh my God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. Is he awesome to you tonight? Oh, awome. You're so awome. My God is aw Oh my God is awome. Yes, Lord. You're so awome. Yes, Lord. You're so awome. Oh. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. Hallelujah. He's mighty. He's mighty. He is awome. Oh, awome. Oh, he's great. He's great. He's great. Oh yes, he's great. Oh, he's great. He is awome. Oh, and he's been with you every step of the way. He's been my provider. Provider, provider. Let's all stand. Provider. Provider. You are [Music] awome deliverer. Deliverer, deliverer. Oh, deliverer. You are [Applause] awome. Oh, he's our healer. Oh, you are a healer. A healer. are healer. A healer. You are awome. You are so awome. Oh, you're my redeemer. Redeemer. Redeemer. Redeemer. Redeemer. You are awome. [Music] Oh. Oh my. God is awome. You're so awome. Yes, Lord. You are awome. So awome. My God is awome. You're so awome. Yes, Lord. You are awome. So awesome. Flow to you. Flow to you. Let the river of my worship flow to you. Lord, I pray all I do. Let the river, oh, let the river of my worship flow to you. Flow to you. Oh, flow to you. Yes, Lord. Oh, flow to you. Yes, Lord. Let the river, let the river of my worship flow to you, Lord, I pray. Lord, I pray. in all I do. Oh, let the river of my worship flow to you. Like streams, oh like streams in the valley, they swell with the rain. Let the songs of my heart oh rise to bless your name flow to you. Oh flow to you. Yes Lord. Let my [Music] worship flow to you. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh, praise the Lord Jesus. Is that what you want? And all you do, Amen. Let let the worship, Amen, be flowing straight to him tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. I surrender. The prayer request would come and sing tonight. Oh, I [Music] surrender Lord. I surrender my life. Give it all. I give it all to you. Oh, I surrender. [Music] I [Music] surrender, oh Lord. I surrender my life. Give it all. I give it all to you. Last time, take it up one. Oh. Oh, I surrender. [Music] I [Music] surrender. Yes, Lord. I surrender my life. Oh, I give it all to you. [Music] Oh, I surrender all to you. I surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. I just want to be where you are. Dwelling daily. dwelling daily in your presence. I don't want to worship from afar. Oh, draw me near to where you are. I just want Oh, I just want to be where you are. Oh, dwelling daily in your presence. Oh, I don't want to worship from afar. Lord, draw me near to where you are. I want to be I want to be where you are. [Music] Dwelling in your presence, feasting at your table, and surrounded by your glory, in your presence. That's where I always want to [Music] be. I just want to be. I just want to be enter boldly. Can you pull that one up? Oh, I just want to be where you are. Enter boldly in his presence. To enter boldly in your presence. Oh, take me to the place where you are. I just want I just want to be with you. I want to be. Oh yes. I want to be where you are. Dwelling in your presence. [Music] [Music] in your presence. I want to be I just want to be I just want to be with you. Amen. Amen. What a place to be. Praise the Lord. Position right where he is. Praise the Lord. 1 Peter chapter 5. And this is what we read a couple weeks ago. Um, and we're going to continue with our little series here. 1 Peter chapter 5. And uh, if I've forgot Miriam or anyone any other specific announcements for Sunday that we need to make, get them up to me by the end of the service and we'll make those. We want to be ready uh, for this special day coming up on this Sunday, strengthening the families and those who are listening online as well. would just uh welcome you, those of our congregation to be able to come and enjoy that. And we'll have another one coming up in September as well. So, we're looking forward forward to it. There'll be some flyers coming out for the other meetings for the summer. Uh just one special meeting in June, uh fourth weekend in June. We'll have brother uh Diggs with us for Saturday and then brother Homer Langori u here on Sunday morning with us as well. So, we're looking forward to those special meetings. 1 Peter chapter 5 and verse 5. And likewise, ye younger, submit yourself unto the elder. Yay, all of you be subject one to another. Be clothed with humility. For God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time, casting all your care upon him, for he carth for you. Father, we just pray that you'll remember as we keep bringing these names before you, Lord, of the different ones who are sick. And Lord, just uh remembering sister Randy there and her relative Lord is uh not doing well. I don't know if he was mentioned tonight, but just be with the Brent Brent's family tonight and the Benes, Lord, that you will strengthen them, I pray. And Lord, also the Snow family and the different ones we're remembering. Father, remember them again tonight. And God, we just pray as that uh girl, young girl that's my barber, Lord, today she just begin to be so broken down. And I ask her why she lost her dad here last week, just 59 years old. Remember Bailey, Lord, and be a comfort to her. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord. And my heart just goes out to her, Father. I said I'd pray. And so I just want to remember her name before your throne. Would you bless and anoint your word tonight, Father? And may we leave here Lord burning in our hearts from your word. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can take your seats tonight. Praise the Lord. Casting all your cares upon him for he carth for you. So I've opened up a little series here on Wednesday nights. At least when I'm speaking, we have wonderful other ministries here that we try to use and let God use their gift. Uh, but if if as as as long as I'm doing it here, what Wednesday nights I take, we'll just stay on this because it's really deep in my heart. And the series is the key in he cares, do you care? That's a service that brother Brand preached. And I won't go back to some of the things that we brought out in the last service about it. Uh, but it is certainly something that's a key message. is not so much doctrinal, but it's kind of an entrance for people uh people of God to be able to know the entrance into God. The entrance to get God's attention, the entrance to have a caring God step into our situation. And so, I think there's some really key elements here. And in uh another week or so, we'll uh be having a pastor's getaway, my wife and I, brother Sam and his wife hosting uh next week a pastor's getaway in Amish country for a few days. And I I think I might share some of these with the brothers and just as an encouragement to them. But the the key and he cares, do you care? And I laid some foundations last time. And so I just ask you tonight for your uh careful attention to this subject. The key is bringing a God who cares to connect with a person who cares so that they can really be delivered. When brother Brandham titles it he cares. All of us know that and say know that we have a God that cares about every detail of our lives. But then it he didn't leave it just that God cares. He said he cares. Do you care? So the key that I'm talking about is when we can bring those two things together. You have a God who cares. You have a God who wants to step into the situation. You have a God who wants to be the supernatural God and lift you out. As we were speaking of Sunday of the ascension and the power of God to lift, you have a God who cares, but then you've got to connect that with the person who really cares. So, he cares. Do you care? People can say they care, but their actions and their life show if they really want to get help, if they really want to be delivered. So, he cares, but but it's only half of the thing. In other words, God can care and God can step in and God can supernaturally move. But if he doesn't have that other side working with you, they really want deliverance, you can't bring that together. And actually, when you bring those two elements together, God can do something supernatural. God can step in and do something uh that's beyond human. Can you say amen? So if that then if that's true, if those two elements come together and something supernatural can happen, if it's true, then we know that our enemy would work really hard uh at making a person hesitant to turn everything over to him. He does not want to see that connection take place. Satan does not want to see this type of oneness between someone who has a need and a God who's a supernatural God. He would like to see that connection stop. And one of the things in this series is I want to get to is all the things that would make a person hesitant in their heart to embrace. And there's actually a word here casting all your cares. I don't know if you know what that means, but I want to break it down in the next services of even what casting our cares. We got to know what that means cuz that's what he asks us to do. to take all of our worries and all of our fears and our anxiety and our depression and our things that we don't understand. He's asking for all of the when he says casting all your cares, it means all of our cares. It we don't just handle some things on our own. He's actually saying cast all of our cares upon him. And I want to know what that meaning cast means. And it it has a deeper meaning. And we got to understand because that's what he's asked us to do is we've got to trust him to cast all of our cares upon him because he cares for those things. But you see now I want to explore all the ways the enemy tries to hold back a heart from trusting the Lord to cast everything on him because that's where the enemy works. That's where he's and uh the it's the kind of trust and guess what uh that kind of trust today in the Lord is rare. That kind of trust to cast all your cares upon him is rare. And why is that? Well, I think a lot of it is people don't trust and people's image of God has been hurt. People's image of spiritual things has been hurt. And so now they're they they love God, but they hold their heart back. They don't fully trust. People don't trust ministry today. People don't trust the government. Of course, today they don't trust. But but when it comes to God, the real God, what a shame when Satan makes people mistrust God. I mean, we can mistrust government. We can not trust those other things. And you might even have an issue with people and people hurt you so much. But there comes a point where Satan, you have to draw a line with the enemy when he's causing you to hold back your heart from trusting in a God who cares. Can you say amen? And I want to explore all the ways the heart can hold back because that's where we run into trouble. God cannot fully step in when the heart is with withheld from him. So Satan has certainly uh done his best to keep this connection from happening of he cares. do you care? And that that making that connection and we will just get into all the ways that Satan would uh try to uh keep somebody from fully trusting God and all the hindrances to God uh stepping into your situation. Remember, he does not say, "I care." God doesn't just say, "I care." And this is what I dealt with. It's his caring is doing something about it. God cares enough to step in and change things. He doesn't stand back and say, "I care." He wants to step in with his power and change things. Always remember that when you're praying, God's just saying, "I really care for that. Oh, I care for that need." No, he's ready and willing when the situation's right. When the atmosphere is right, he's wanting to step in and change the whole thing. Amen. Because he's a God that doesn't just say, "I care." He's a God that wants to step in and show that he cares. His caring has emotion and an action to it. And so our caring, he cares. Do you care? Our caring must have emotion and an action to it, not just words. Can you say amen? You know, um I was thinking today we ministers uh um have a kind of an interesting position and um just standing between God and the people and uh that's a that can be a wonderful thing. It is a privilege. It's a wonderful thing to kind of be uh a ministry of reconciliation. What you're reconciling is take a God that's real and reconcile with the hearts of men. And so we stand in between that. You stand in the gap for people as a minister. We stand here in the pulpit. And we don't do this for money. We shouldn't do it for money. We don't do it for our health. Uh we don't do it because there's not something else to do it. We we do it because there's a calling in our hearts to stand in between and try to connect people with this supernatural God and bring the people together with their needs that they have. And it's it's quite an interesting thing and I I won't elaborate on that, but it's sometimes it's good, sometimes it's rough, sometimes you want to put up your hands and uh retire. I don't think ministers probably can do that, but anyway. Uh you know, sometimes you want to because but really what we're what we do this for, we want to help people. We want to help people be saved. We want to help people find their way to the foot of Calvary. We And but the thing is is that we we have no power of our own to help people. We have no power of our own. We're not serving in this capacity thinking that we can change people. And if we do, we've got the wrong motive. We've got the wrong energy. Can you say amen? We really need the humility to say I can't do anything but I can be a conduit to point the people to the right thing to bring the presence of God. Can you say amen? And connect the people. It has to be a connection with him and the people that happens and we cannot help people. We cannot uh we cannot change people. U matter of fact it's today it's a supernatural thing when people change because people change but not much. Bill Gaither's father said that. He said it was some wisdom. People change but not much. And uh that's it seems like a negative statement. And all of us in the kingdom of God realize it's possible for God to change people. But if you're looking at it without of God, without God, people change, but not much. There's not much change that takes place. Once something's ingrained in their mind, once something's ingrained by their upbringing, once it's ingrained in their spirit, they pretty much stay that same way. It takes a supernatural God to change the heart and change thinking. Can you say amen? To be transformed by the renewing of our mind. But we ministers and if you've served for a long time, then you are extremely sensitive to your lack of your part in this. And also, you're sensitive to waiting for God to show up. Can you say amen? When you're young in the ministry, you think you can do it, but then God knocks the props out from underneath you and you realize you can't do anything. He did it to Paul. He did it to every other minister. And Paul finally said, "When I'm weak," uh, I love there's one chapter where he goes and starts boasting of all the things he's been through and all his weakness because there was some apostles or some preachers that were bragging. They were bragging. We're like Paul. We're doing this. We're doing that. He says, "And they're boasting of what they can do." And Paul's basically saying, "You guys don't have a clue what ministry is all about. You know, I've I've been beaten three times." He goes into his biography and he say, "This is what ministry is really all. You sure you want to be a part of this? You sure you want to do all this?" Shipwrecked. You know, all these other things happened to him. And he says, "If I'll boast of anything, I'll boast of my weakness because when I'm weak, he becomes strong. And the only fruit that's come out of his ministry that's supernatural, it's because he became weaker and weaker and weaker. And it was not any of Paul who did it. It's not any minister who does it. It's God who does it. When we're young, we think we can do it. But when God knocks the props out, then we realize we're very dependent. Reminds me of something similar to what the prophet would say just as he was coming to the ends of the end of the service and that gift and thing would come where he'd discern. You know how many times he said, I don't know how many times, but he said this sometimes. He said, he said he'd be talking and he'd be giving testimonies and he'd be going on then he said now you know I'm waiting on something. That's how dependent he was. And one place I read it today. He says I'm completely helpless unless he comes. Now there's an honest man. Can you say amen? He's not going to jump into trying to make it happen. But he because he cares for the sheep enough and their trust that he says you know I'm waiting for something. you know, I'm waiting for him to come and then you just hear that sometimes you think now he's here and he step back and God start giving him discernment. He wasn't going to trust in just himself to make it happen. He said I'm waiting on him. And basically that's ministry as well is that we preach we we we we stay uh we we stay disciplined to the call. We do everything that we can, but we realize what we're waiting for as ministers is that moment when somebody connects that needs something and connects with a supernatural God. We're preaching, we're preaching, and we're we're doing and we're serving, but it's really those God moments. It's those moments there's a connection. Can you say amen? It's there's it's the moments and it only takes one moment. Can you say amen? It only takes just one connection and it's over. Amen. That's how big God is. But you see now uh and and and so we don't preach. We're helpless unless he comes. 1 Corinthians 2:4, there's a power of God in the gospel. We're waiting on the power of God to change people's lives. Paul said, "My speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of the power." Paul believed that it's not to get up here and preach a sermon. It's not to dazzle people with all the things, you know. Uh, may we as ministers, if you're listening tonight, may we ditch all this pride and bragging and all this stuff we can do, and may we get to what Paul said is that we're going to bring an atmosphere that there's a demonstration of the spirit and the power of God that people can connect with a supernatural God. Unless we have that, it's a waste of time. It's a waste of a sermon. Can you say amen? And I believe in teaching, but I believe in teaching by the Holy Ghost. I believe the Holy Ghost teach not just preach. I'm going to do a little teaching tonight. But you see, it has to be by his power, not just intellect. And so the church for too many years have has been a powerless religion. And then the deception, you know, all these years of 2,000 years, it's been a powerless religion because of the dark ages. But we we need something more than a powerless religion. And we need to preach something more than that. We need the God uh who is the creator to come and connect and to change people's lives. Can you say amen? So we've had years of powerless religion and then the deception into the Pentecostal move after the original Zuza Street. The deception that came in the Pentecostal move was that it began to believe that all the emotion in the services was his power. That's a deception because it proved that all the motion and pushing for emotion didn't necessarily mean the power of God was there. That's a huge deception. And and and so you misinterpret power. There's too many uh temporarily worked up uh the work the people temporarily working them up into a frenzy of emotion and not really power for a real change in their life. So that's our last church age and we borrow from that too much because brother Brandham corrected them over and over again. You're losing the meaning of what the anointing is. You're saying the anointing is somebody who dances all over the church. But he says the greatest anointing that was ever won on a human being was on Jesus Christ and he sat and precious words proceeded from his mouth. A completely anointed man. So, uh, Pentecost misinterprets all that, misdirects young people, misdirects people into thinking there's the power of God because somebody's dancing. There's the anointing of God, and it misinterprets it all. Listen, if God himself, the creator, is not coming into that life and changing them, then it's just emotion. But if he's changing them, there's going to be some emotion. There's going to be some shouting. There's going to be some When you get deliverance, true deliverance, you're going to shout about it. You're going to dance about it and maybe you won't dance. Maybe you'll just lift your hands and just weep in appreciation for the Lord. But whatever emotion, we never judge the power of God by the emotion. It's wrong for ministers to push that. It's wrong for ministers to to make that the main thing and then label it the power of God. It's wrong for you to do that. The message corrects that. Praise the Lord. But we don't but that being said, we don't want a powerless religion. Can you say amen? Does anybody here want a powerless religion? Does anybody here m want to make it just sermons and just coming to church and clocking in time? No. When we come, we want to meet with God. We we want to connect with God. We want him to personally speak some revelation to us. We don't want a powerless religion. This isn't books and tapes and doctrine and head knowledge. This is deeper than that. Can you say amen? This is connecting with the creator himself. This is access to the very God who created the heavens and the earth. What is church when we come? What is serving the Lord? It's connecting with the creator of heavens and earth. The one who spoke this world into existence, spoke the stars into existence is the same one who's speaking to you tonight. We're dealing with a creator. And a creator wants to create something new. Amen. A creator doesn't polish up and put a band-aid on the old. He creates something new. I'm glad that I can preach and point to people and welcome the creator of heavens and earth that can create something in the people. Come on, praise the Lord tonight. Praise the Lord. This isn't just church. This is the creator of heavens and earth showing up and we want him to show up every service. We need this in our life. Can you say amen? So it's access to the creator himself. So as ministers that's what we're looking for to really help the people God. So now let me say let's move on now. And you know and you you have to know that there is so much to this series. I'm just going to slow down and even though I'm yelling already and excited, I'm going to slow down and take it piece by piece because this has to be taken piece by piece. So the next point I want to make, God cares by creating. God cares, shows he cares by creating something new. Never can we underestimate what a creative God can do. in the beginning. Uh, and that's where you hear the word create a lot is in Genesis. He created this. God created the heavens and the earth. God created. And so, you know, brother Steven would be a good one to talk to and and to to explore into these things. But as he took this the 6,000 years there and and he created and he, you know, he he he brought all these things and he created them. And you know uh before he started creating the Bible says the earth was without form and void. That means it was empty. It was without form. It was what we would call today a chaos. There was no order to it. But the creative power of God by the spoken word took chaos. Took chaos and created something new. That's right. Why are you saying that, brother? Because tonight we serve the same God. He doesn't want to patch up human beings. The creator wants to create something new. He wants to start over. Can you say amen? And he wants to take chaos. And so that's when you go to prayer for for even some trial or lack of something in your life. When you go to prayer, it's not just asking for a caring God to be mindful of your situation. You're talking to the creator. And the creator can change and create something new. Amen. Now, friends, you're I don't want you to just just say amen tonight. I want you to really get this in your heart. When we go to pray, when what we're dealing with is not another sermon or not another movement here. We've tapped into and connected to the very creator of heavens and earth. That can create squirrels. Can you say amen? That can speak to the storm and it would go away. A man spoke the words because the creator told him to speak the word and he changed and created something new, something that wasn't there. You know, the prophet brought out that, you know, when Jesus multiplied and created the fish and loaves, he took fishes and loaves that were there and he blessed them and they multiplied. When you're talking about a squirrel that wasn't there, he took some that wasn't there. So now it's increasing and it's it's elevating. Can you say amen? Something that's not there. Something in a person's life that it doesn't look like there's any hope. It's chaos. There's nothing there. The creator says, "I'll create it in there." We're dealing with a creator and he cares by creating. He doesn't want to patch up something. He doesn't want to just make it. So, God can start creating. When man fell and he needed redemption 4,000 years later, redemption is not a different work than creating. Redemption is bringing something back, but he still does it by creative power. God doesn't say, "Well, I created things in the beginning, but now that man has fallen and I've got to bring him back now, I'll just patch him up or I got to use a different way." The same creator that created the heavens and the earth now comes on the day of Pentecost. And he's the same creator. What's he creating now? Not the heavens and the earth, but now he's taken a fallen man. And he's by his creative word speaks his spirit into that man. And Paul says he becomes a new creature, created a new in Jesus Christ. He didn't patch up human beings. He stood there and blew in that upper room like he did at the beginning speaking the stars. Brother Brandham, one service, you know, you go here and you go here and well that's what happened on the day of Pentecost that m rushing mighty wind came in and now it's the same creator who's creating the moon and the stars now is creating a new creature in Christ Jesus. So hold on now because it's easy to say amen to he's a creator but now we we'll move it on in just a minute. So the the chaos redemption is still the creator. New creatures in Christ, old things pass away. All things become new. All things become new. Can you say amen? 7,000 years to create everything in the beginning. And I just want to say if you took 7,000 years to make everything new, then uh you ought to have patience for some people. Can you say amen? Because he's not working just to patch it up. He's a creator. David caught the revelation of it after he had sinned with Basheba and after he went through losing the child, after he'd went through because you always reap what you sow. after he'd went through his rebuke from the prophet, he lost the child. Everything was a mess. Probably lost the respect of the men in his army if they heard about I'm sure they heard about it. So, but but you see in his repentance in in in Psalms, somebody help me out. It's in Psalms there. Psalms he repents and part of his repentant prayer as he didn't pray, I made a mistake, Lord, make me better. He got a revelation. He said, "Lord, not make me better. Lord, create." Create in me. He He's catching it. That God, I don't want you to just patch me up. I don't want to just just make me better. You're the creator. Create in me a clean heart. And he's speaking of the blood of redemption because the cross, the blood wasn't on the cross yet. So he's speaking ahead because he couldn't even receive the blood at that level of the cross yet. But he's speaking by revelation that the creator would have the creative power to create a clean heart, a completely clean soul before God. Create in me a clean heart and renew a right spirit with me in me. Can you say amen? Here's a quote that I've always enjoyed in 1952. I just want to say there's so many people passing. Do you I don't know if you got those quotes. Thank you. Thank you, brother Ian. I think most of the time he does it for me and I'm so disorganized. I sometimes send it to him 10 minutes before the service and he still has it up here. So, God bless you, Brother Yen, for your work for the Lord there and all of our help up there. I've always loved this quote. Look at this. I just want to say there's so many people passing through here through the prayer line that's suffering with mental oppression, demon manifestation, but oppression. Satan, I've seen a vision break before me of a young lady. She went back there and sat down a few minutes ago and she thinks that she's crossed the separating line. Now, from what I gather, she had come up into the prayer line. She headed back to her seat and Satan's putting thoughts that you can't get help because you've crossed the separating line. He says, "Don't let Satan tell you that. As long as you love God, God still loves you." Look at the next thing he says. It has to be a creator to create that creation in your heart to make you love God. Don't believe that. Say, go believing with all your heart that Christ loves you. But look how powerful that is. That's all the way back 1952. It has to be a creator to create. Even the love of God that's within you had to be the work of the creator. Now you talk about putting that in the face of the devil that's trying to tell you you've crossed the line. She should have stood up. I know she did. She should have stood stood up and told the devil say listen whatever I know I love God and I didn't get that by myself. I didn't come to an altar and get that myself. God created this love for me. Love for him. Hallelujah. This is a create I'm a creation of God. Whatever good is in me, God has created it. Amen. Now listen friends, that's pretty powerful because Satan can't create. He can only pervert what God's created. Well, brother Paul, I got saved one day and I got the Holy Ghost and that's and my life was different. Praise the Lord. But you know what it was? The creative the creator of heavens and earth connected with you and created something within you. Or like we as believers know, he anointed or he put his spirit on something laying dormant within you. Can you say amen? Brought it to life. Hallelujah. I love that quote. Praise the Lord. So, as ministers and all of you ministers that are listening tonight are all in a certain way. All of us in a certain way. We pray, but we look to this create great creator who cares to step in to make this connection. The creator looking for that. We're looking for that God moment. And when he does, when he steps in, when the right conditions are met and there's a connection, it's over. It's over. Or should I say, it's just begun. Once that happens, it can be just a moment. But dealing with people sometimes it may make it take many years for that moment to happen. Do you know that? And but once it does it's over. But sometimes it can take years before it happens. I was thinking of the men on the road to Emmas who had been with Jesus watched all the miracles. So Jesus steps in in another form and he and uh they're all troubled about it and they said that the the women had just went to the tomb and come back and reported that he wasn't there and they're just all trying to and and Jesus said this. Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have said. And from that moment, he begins to open the scriptures to them to show them this was this has happened exactly the way he said. But see, they are only looking at the flesh of what happened. Now they're disappointed he's gone. But they're not looking at the word. This is exactly what was supposed to happen. You see, but look what he said. Oh fools and slow of what? Slow of heart to believe. Now, I just thought of it today that if back then Jesus is telling them, "You're very slow at coming along to believing after they'd been with Jesus physically for three and a half years, then how slow are people today to catch this thing." And that can be a real frustration for a minister. And a minister can become impatient really quick with people. But impatience with the people of God will never work. Fear tactics will never work. Force is never a good motive. Fear is never a good motive. Be in shape. They should be way further along than they should. You see what a a minister deals with? Because as I say to pastors, I say we hold the vision of where this word can take the people. And then as a pastor, we look at the saints every week and some are moving along, some are slow. So, and you can get frustrated. They're supposed to be over here and they're way back here. I'm not talking about any of you, of course, but you're caught in the middle saying, "How they can they not see the vision of where this word can take them?" When you got that vision, you say, "My, they should be much further along. Maybe I should be much further along." And you get frustrated with, but you can't because why? They're slow of heart to believe. But all it takes is one moment in a connection to God, the creator, and that's it. What did Michael say today in a post he put in the youth chat, the men of truth? He said, "I pray." He said because God can do in one moment what I couldn't do for years and can't even do and that's why I pray. Can you say praise the Lord? So now let's move to the next step here. Now God cares by stepping in and creating listening. We show we care by creating the right atmosphere for him to step into. Amen. He shows he cares by bringing the creative power of God to create something new and start a fresh. Remember this now. We can't just have a God who cares. Do you care? Well, I want to get into how do we show we care? Well, we're we're creators. How many know Brother said we're creators? And the biggest thing that we create, we can't uh the biggest thing we start by creating is creating the right atmosphere. We're atmosphere creators. How many enjoyed sister um uh sister Rebecca Duff's song last couple Sundays ago? Uh somebody help me. What was the name of it? Atmosphere. We can change the atmosphere, man. Listen to it again. It's powerful. And uh that's what brother Bram said. We can change. We're little creators and we can change the atmosphere. But what do we do it for? Not just for ourselves. We're doing it so that if you change the atmosphere, you open the door for a creative God to come in. So I want I want you to learn now this he cares. Do you care? It's God the creator on one side. It's a creator of the right atmosphere on the other side creating an atmosphere for God to step in and do something supernatural. It's creating on both sides. It's creating on both sides. You by your attitude and your humility create a different atmosphere that welcomes a creator who cares to step into the room and make changes. Let me say that again. You by your attitude, your humility uh create a different atmosphere. You change the atmosphere and it makes it welcome for a creator to step in. Right now, that opens us to the next section here to just begin exploring ways that we can approach and come to him to show we really care. Some of this that you're going to know, some of that you some of this you may not know, but we want to explore. We've probably heard enough preaching about how God cares. He's a supernatural God. He's a creative God. I wanted to deal with that tonight. But we really want to begin to break down how we can create an atmosphere and offer up our hearts. so that we can create the right atmosphere so that for the creator to step in. He cares but do you care? How do we show we care? So we want to explore this approach. We want to explore this and we can come to him and show we really care and create the right atmosphere and and we want to break down the approach to it and those who are interested in a caring God to step in will be interested in these things. So now the first thing brother Brandham says in the message he cares do you care after he reads the scriptures and we will be breaking down both of his texts too because there's much to be said right in his scriptural texts but the first thing he says right out of right out of the gate with after his scriptures is first to approach this and I emphasize that to approach this he's just beginning this service he cares do you care the audience must be anointed with faith if you do not have faith there's There's no need of even coming to be prayed for. Now, that's something interesting to say. He's saying what he's going to say this whole sermon. God cares. He cares. But do you care? And if the faith isn't right, can you say amen? If the atmosphere isn't right, then he says there's no need of even coming to be prayed for. Well, well, that's interesting. That's saying that we are bringing something that it's the right thing so that he can come in and answer the prayer. There's no need of even coming to be prayed for because it's going to take your faith and my faith together, my faith to believe in him, your faith to believe him so we don't forget this now as I go along. He's saying throughout the sermon, don't forget this is a foundation. This is what he's laying down. It's going to take faith and and and uh so let me just leave it. It's going to take faith. Don't forget this now as we go along. We've got to have something evidently with evidence. I mean that we can base our faith upon that we're trying to do. Because if a man approaches anything that he wants to do without sufficient faith, he's bound to be a failure. But if he can approach it with sufficient faith, then he's bound to succeed. If it is according to God's will and purpose to do it, that is the foundational paragraph there for the entire theme. He cares. Do you care? And that is the place to start. And that is our faith. Can you say amen? So can faith have hindrances? Can your faith have hindrances? Yes. So to be mature about it, we be saying, "What's my hindrances? God, help me see my hindrances to my faith." Because what he said in many places, if there's no hindrances to my faith, then there's nothing stopping from God to step in. You see? So just to elaborate on this. So the approach is faith, real true faith, no walls, nothing hindering. That is the foundation to start. But notice something here back in another quote in enticing spirits. Notice this. Um, and I wanted to bring this out because this will be a I I can't get through a series like this with going back and talking about the many places brother Brandham emphasizes your conscience and subconscious [Music] which is really tells the truth can have unbelief in it. The heart can have trouble with it and it can have unbelief there. So is no matter how much you said it, there's not going to be a connection with God if you don't deal with the subconscious is what and what's laying there. This isn't anything outside the message. It's not psychology. Brother Brandham talked about it. And why was he talking about it? because he knew that human beings could not come and seek healing which is mostly what they were seeking is physical healing in those days. Of course, you got the quote I read a few minutes ago about depression, oppression, the demons work of that. We have a lot more of oppression and depression today. So, you see that's even more significant. But most of it was physical healing. You can't come and approach that the right way if you've got a subconscience that's got something laying there that Satan is using to hold you back. So a person really interested and really caring would have to look what's laying in the subconscious. Can you say amen? Watch this a few minutes on the physical. He says we have many times for many years we got what we call a lie detector. You can put it on your wrist, see it across their head, and you can get in there and try to your best to make a lie sound like the truth, and it'll register negative every time. I don't know what they use today, but this was back in the 50s, and they had a lie detector, and you did a test. Criminals were put on a lie detector test. And that's that's the reason is is because they use that is because you could say with your mouth all day long, I didn't do it. I didn't murder that person. I did. and all the vibes of your body will will tell the truth and that you did do it. So they could detect by your bodily cellular system it's holding it's trying to hold back a lie. You see it's trying to hold a lie and you're lying with your lips but the subconscious tells the real truth. And so everything is going crazy and they can say you're lying because this the the it's registering negative every time because the human was not made to lie. Lying is a deceitful hard thing, evil thing. I'd rather have a drunkard with me any day than a liar. See a liar. And your body wasn't made to lie, no matter how sinful you are. And and if you think we're going to just talk about when you stole a cookie when you were young from the cookie jar and told your mom that you didn't steal it, if you think that's the only lies that rest in your spirit, you're missing what the devil can do. Because lies is this vast subject that people sometimes can hold a lie that they believe their whole life about themselves and they can't fully get victory or make a connection with a creative God because in their cellular system in their whole body there's a stress and it's because there's a lie about yourself being believed. Amen. So the most, no matter how sinful you are, you're still a fallen son of God. The most sinful person in this city today, God didn't intend you to be sinful. He wanted you to be a son or a daughter of his. You're made up of his own makeup. But sin has caused you to do that. And no matter how much you try to impersonate and try to make a lie seem right, you got a a scientific instrument that proves that it's wrong. You can tell it with all the innocence you want to, but it'll still register negative because there's a subconscious down in a human being. And that subconscious knows what's truth. And no matter what you're saying out here, that subconscious knows that it's a lie. And it'll register off the subconscious. Therefore, if a man or a woman could ever get their thoughts and their testimony and their lives so lined up with God, Amen. until the channel of the Holy Spirit would be perfectly one with God, what would take place? Did you see that alignment with your uh your confession, your thoughts, your subconscious, your conscience when you get it lined up? What did he say? My what would take place if a man and a woman could ever get lined up where they're with the freedom from their heart with faith from the innermost. Oh my, those are powerful words. Freedom from their heart. That means that if they don't have freedom in their heart, then uh they can't completely be open with God and come connect with God. They need faith from the uppermost with faith from the innermost. Many people come to the altar to be prayed for. They have an intellectual faith. They confess their sins. They join a church by intellectual faith. They believe it in their mind. They believe it because they've heard it. They believe it because they know it's the best policy. But that's not what God looks at. He don't look at your intellectual faith. He looks on the heart. where are where on the inside God and when it comes from the heart all things are possible then your confession meets up with your life your life speaks as loud as your confession do confession does but when your confession says one thing and your life lives another there's something wrong somewhere that's because you've got an intellectual faith and not a faith from your heart and that shows that outside here is the knowledge of God he's probably pointing to his head Outside is the knowledge of God, but inside there's a demon, a doubt of uh doubting. I believe in divine healing, but it's not for me. You see? Oh, it could be. So, but I don't believe it. Get it? Outside you say yes. Inside your conscience says no. That same scientific thing would prove that that wasn't right. Prove it. So God has built us the way that we are. He's built us not to lie. Can you say amen? And when there's lies being believed subconsciously, then you can't fully connect. And so what are you saying, brother? I'm saying that the one of the things that we do to show that we care and that we want to get help and that we want to connect with God is that you're willing to say, "Lord, line my subconscious. Line my heart completely up." Not talking about the soul now. I'm using it as the subconscious the way brother Ram did. Line up my heart with your word and my confession because why? It it it creates the right heart and atmosphere for God to step in. And you can't ignore it and get something greater from God. You can't. You're showing if you're hiding things, you're showing it you don't really care. Can I be real? If you're still hiding things or you're not still not being honest about things, you're showing God that you really don't care to get freedom that you're asking for. So, in uh I'm going to close this tonight because I never get into all this this evening. I want to take it piece by piece and I probably um hopefully you're picking up what I'm laying down because I'm going to take it in pieces. Okay. Amen. But let me show you where we're going with some of these points of how we show we care. Okay? And there'll be more to these, but I just wrote seven down tonight. This is where we're going. If you have that slide, um, showing some points about where we're going and how we show we care. How we show we care. Because that's what we want to know. If he says he cares, do you care? How do we show we care? The first one is what he talked about in the first quote. real true unclouded faith from the heart. When that's clear, then we're showing we really care. If it's left hidden, if it's you're hiding things, if the devil's put unbelief there, this isn't for me. I don't believe it because I believe it's for the person sitting next to me, but I don't believe it's for me. Any kind of cloud like that over your heart, uh, is not going to give you the faith that you need to step out. It has to be a foundation of faith. So we'll talk about that real true unclouded faith from the heart. Number two, true submission from the heart. Where do I get that from? I get it from the scripture in the text that reads, "Submit yourself one to another." So submission, true, and as I say, true submission from the heart. Last week, brother U. Jack Duff a couple weeks ago, brother Jack Duff talked to the couples and he dealt with the word submission because before it says husbands, uh before it says wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands, the scripture before that doesn't get read is you're supposed to submit yourself one to another. And he broke down what Webster says about submission, which is not the true picture of it and the biblical form. I wish I would have brought it with me tonight. But it's it's to employ yourself to give your life for that other person to lay down to submit. So this submission let me just say it submission to something number one has been twisted by the world to people will say I'm not submitting to anybody including God. The other reason they don't is because they don't trust God. They don't trust people. So it ruins the true submission. But you're not going to show your care unless you show truly show I'm imploring I'm giving myself because I trust God to come on the scene. So I'm submitting to the way that he's going to speak to me. I'm submitting to whatever he exposes in my life. Though I don't like to hear it, I'm submitting to it because I trust him. You're never going to show you care to God by an unsubmissive spirit. So that's the second one. We'll we'll talk a little bit more about that. Number three, real true humility from the heart. That's in our text. He said, "Humble yourselves under the mighty hand of God." And that's the entrance to to showing you care. You've got to really humble yourself. And I want to elaborate what humility is because it's not just the word. It comes across in our actions and our words and our heart towards God that you're really humble. You don't think you got it all figured out, but God has it figured out. and you uh uh you are saying Lord I come before you and the whole thing of bowing down before the Lord uh we don't do that a lot but what it means in the Old Testament is it means humility it means bowing before him means okay I give up I'm humbling myself I can't I don't want to turn to any other source and so I'm not going to keep fighting and saying I'll figure this out I want my own way I want to make a deal with God. Come on now. People want to make a deal with God. You take care of this and I'll take care of this. Humility says, "Lord, I I'm helpless. I don't know. And I and I don't know all the answers. You might be 60 years old and you still got to be humble." I appreciate that about Brother Lonnie. He has he was a teacher, which many times he explore into great revelation things. But he would tell me, he's saying, "Yeah, I always thought that way the other day, but then God corrected me. I always thought that way, but God corrected me." That's humility at 60 years old, at 50 years old. Whatever it is is saying, "I'm still learning and I'm still correctable as a son." Humility says, "I'm correctable." Humility says, "I thought I had it figured out all these years, but Lord, I'm realizing I don't have it. I don't have me figured out yet. I thought I knew myself, but I don't really know myself. But I know a God who knows my insides and out. So now I'm coming humbled to saying, you know me, Lord, you know all my good. You know all my bad. Show me, Lord. Now I'm humility says that. So you can't show you care without true humility from the heart. Truly casting stress, anxiety, worries, and fears on him. Truly casting stress. And I'm bringing all these words because he says, "Cast your cares." And cares is related to stress, anxiety, worries, and fears. It says, "Truly come and cast all those fears upon me." Do you care about getting deliverance? If you care, you're ready to cast all those things on him. Your humility says, "I'm taking it and I'm casting it all on him. I'm throwing it all on him. I'm I'm giving it to him." You can go to other sources for your uh for your stress, but if the Lord's saying, "Bring it to me and cast it on me," then I think we ought to trust him. I think he provides a refreshment that he can relieve depression and relieve worries and relieve fears and maybe even God the creator can change your whole situation and completely relieve those worries. Is he able to do it? Amen. So it's another way we show we care by truly casting stress. Cast your all your cares upon him for he carth for you. Number five, giving more attention to him that is speaking. So the next text that brother Brandham takes is in Hebrews where it says, "See that you refuse not him that speaketh. For if the angel spoke and people rebelled against it and there was a there was a repayment for that. There was a recompense for that." Okay. He says, "How much more when the Lord speaks and his servants after him, it's the Lord speaking and you resist it." So, here's what thing you got to have if you show your care. You've got to have trust. You've got to have reverence. Giving more attention. Give more earnest heed. He says later in it, he says, uh, "Don't refuse him that speaketh." You need to give more earnest heed to who's speaking. Okay? You can look up here and say, "Well, you know, here's this minister, you know, and you can but but you see now who's speaking." And to give more attention to who it is who's speaking. You ever had a kid that's just has selective hearing? You ever give sit them down, look in the face, and give them instruction, and they look like a deer looking at headlights of your car, and they didn't get any of it. None of your kids were that way. It's just mine. But anyway, you know, it happens. And so now, can we be that way with God where we're hearing all the stuff, but we're not valuing, hey, sit still. The Lord's speaking. I think in services sometimes people would need sometimes a lot less counsel if they were really listening to what's being said by the Lord in a service and they would find answer after answer after answer to their things in life because they need a reverence. I thank God that he put a reverence in my heart and a fear of the Lord for him speaking. I thank God for it. I I you know I was thinking about this message. I said I don't I I don't want to say anything ever like some of these people were saying against the prophet and all that trying to decipher what's the human side. What's thus sayith the Lord. I just by by God's grace I just reverence all of it. Even if I may not understand all of it I reverence it. I and my mom my mom and dad taught me a lot of that too. just respect and honor and and and reverence. And even if you disagree with something, maintain your level of your fear of God, your respect of God, your reverence. You have to reverence his voice. I appreciate my mom. She's listening tonight. May God continue to heal her. But she taught me a lot of that courtesy, you know, and just right down to, you know, I don't know, if you burp, you should say, "Excuse me." You know, people don't, young generation don't do that. And I was I was riding my bike today and and that thought came to me cuz I let out a big burp while I was biking and I said, "Excuse me." And there wasn't anybody around. And I laughed at myself. You don't have to say, "Excuse me, but it's just so routine for me." Now, I've been around some of I won't say I won't say who they are, but this generation, they just let out a big thing. And the girls let it out and there's no excuse me, there's no pardon me, there's nothing. And girls can do it better than boys sometimes. It's incredible. It's like, wow, where did that come from? But anyway, I was taught a little bit of say, you know, I'm sorry, excuse me. And I was saying it on the bike today and there wasn't anybody around and I realized, well, my mommy taught me well. I think there needs to be a reverence and give more attention. This is how how we show we care. You write down to a service like this. I'm closing in a minute. I've only been an hour. Right down to a service, a Wednesday night service is just us here tonight and those who are listening. But you know what? I know you're tired and body, but sometimes we can let our minds just travel uh what we're going to do tomorrow and the pressures of life. I think we should give a more earnest attention to who it is speaking when he's speaking. Now, I'm not talking about myself. I'm talking about the Lord. The Lord of heaven is speaking something. And we should give reverence and attention to that. That shows we care. How many want to show you care before God? Number six, perseverance that will not run away or hide. A real perseverance. You're showing God you care by a perseverance that's not running away or hiding, but you're coming towards I'm going to read you the first two quotes and he cares do you care before he starts preaching a sermon he gives two incidences the first one I don't have time to read them tonight the first one shows a couple young couple just married their perseverance drove all the way to New York and something happened the devil jumped on him they turned around and drove all the way back not even knowing if they can meet get with the prophet had a motel and you know it it showed they were willing to do whatever whatever it took. They weren't hiding and say, "Well, we'll get over this." They wanted to get to to a minister of God. And that shows perseverance that they were not running away from it. They weren't hiding from it. Their perseverance, we've got to get to the bottom of this. That shows you care. Okay. Number seven, similar desperation that won't give up. And that's another story of a woman who waited nine years to get an interview with brother Brandham. Nine years. and finally got to talk to him, I think, in the parking lot. Desperation that won't give up shows that we care. After 9 years, she's waiting to make a connection with the Lord to speak to her and she's willing to wait that long and she's going to stay with it. She's going to be desperate until she Listen, these are ways that we show we care. How many raise your hand say, "I know God cares." But these are ways that we create the right atmosphere for a God creator to step into your situation. It welcomes him. If God can see, we're going to get some more, but if God can see these, there's more and he cares. Do you care if God can see this? Brother Brandham gets into the middle of the message. He said, "We don't have honest confession today. We don't have sincere confession and that's why God can't come on the scene." Amen. So there are elements here that we show we care and also we're creating an atmosphere so the creator can feel welcome to come and change the situation. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's stand together. Amen. Trust you enjoyed the word tonight. Praise the Lord. Many, many rich things the Lord has blessed us with. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. I just love it. Okay, so just before we pray, just remember to bring your lunch Sunday with you. Um the fridge space will be limited, so please plan accordingly and bring a cooler if needed. We will only have one hour for lunch. So that's after the second session. Uh just please trust me on this. I know it sounds strange and out of the box to make Sunday morning sessions, for lack of a better term. Please don't join the maybe some of the criticism I would get said what in the world is he doing sessions for on a Sunday morning this is out of the box understand just trust me on this I believe it'll be some good teaching so just do this do this this day but bring your lunch Sunday and then after the second session but we will provide some I think some coffee and snacks for the breaks in between the sessions that we can refresh ourselves that way in between them. Amen. We will only have one hour for lunch. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, saints, let's pray together tonight before we close and go home. And I trust that the Lord has spoke to you tonight. I know he's spoken to me. I I know that I know I serve a God who cares for your needs. I know I serve a God that is a creator of heavens and earth. Amen. And how many would desire say help me to create the right atmosphere that God can step in? That is our desire Lord Jesus. We are grateful Lord for these truths and to take these things right from your very word Lord the scriptures and to be able to understand the approach to God. How you want us to approach you. Even the priest in the Old Testament had to come before that Holy of Holies a certain way, dressed a certain way, acting a certain way. And Lord, if everything was just right that way, then your your shana came down. And Lord God, we learn the approach now today from a a little message the prophet gave, but yet it's not little. It's a real key to approach, a key to our lives. He cares, but do you care? Oh God, may we show we care. May we show you with our life, with our words, with our heart. May we show you everything, Lord, that would say to you. We care about being a people of deliverance and freedom. We we we care that we want to be free in our minds and free in our hearts. We care for our children. We care for our lives, Lord. We care that you would come and create in us everything that's needed, Lord. and even rapturing faith. We want to create an atmosphere to receive more of that revelation. We commit the service to you now, Lord. And may you bless hearts and all that would hear that it have a trickle down effect like just a ripple, Lord, on an ocean on the waves. May it keep going and keep going. And Lord, your word will not return void. Let it do its work. We pray in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. Praise the Lord. He carth for you. He carth for [Music] you through sunshine or shadows. Oh, he carth for [Music] you. He car for you. He carth for [Music] you all through sunshine or shadow. He careth for you. Jesus loves me. This I know. For the Bible tells me so. Oh, they're so ones to him belong. They are weak but he is strong. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. He loves me. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh Jesus loves me. He who died. Heaven's gates will open. Why? He can wash away my sin. Let his little child come. Hallelujah. Yes, he really loves me. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, he does. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. Amen. Jesus loves me. Loves me still. Though I'm very weak and it from his shine thrown on high comes to watch me. Yes. Hallelujah. He loves you tonight. If you're homesick, remember that he loves you tonight. Loves me. He really loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. He really loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. Key of C. It's a Cate me. Is it an F? Create in me a clean heart. Create in me a clean heart. Yes, Lord. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Come Lord Jesus create in me. Yes Lord. Oh Lord God, renew a right spirit and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, thy presence, oh Lord. Let me dwell there, Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. me. Yes. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. And renew arise spirit within me. Yes Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. He hath made me glad. I know he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. So glad. He hath made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for Heath made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice. He has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. Oh, I will rejoice for heath made me [Music] glad. He have made me glad. I know he have made me glad. I will rejoice. For he have made me glad. So glad. He have made me glad. I know he have made me glad. I will rejoice. For he have made me glad. Oh, I will [Music] enter. I will [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
