################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - 2025.05.14 - Bro. Markus Becker - God Is Keeping His Promises - Markus Becker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-14
Title:    2025.05.14 - Bro. Markus Becker - God Is Keeping His Promises
Speaker:  Markus Becker
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcOXjaeV9sg
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening
4:29 Preservice Worship
8:38 Opening Prayer
10:40 Preservice Worship
22:46 Preservice
24:50 Preservice Worship
26:05 Sermon
2:03:17 Postservice Worship
2:10:36 Congregational Prayer
2:14:09 Postservice
2:15:02 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Lord, I give myself away. Oh, give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can use. First verse. Here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands. Lord, I long to see your desires revealed in me. So I give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, I give myself away. Oh, give myself away. So you. Let's all stand and sing the second verse tonight. Oh, take my heart. Take my life as a livinging sad. Is that your prayer tonight? Oh, and all my dreams, all my friends, Lord, I place them all in your hands. I give myself away. Oh, to Lord, I give myself away. So you can use me, Lord. I give myself away. Oh, give myself away so you can use me. Sing my life. Oh, my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you, Lord. I give myself away. Oh, give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh, give myself away so you can use me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's just have a word prayer tonight. in your heavenly father, Lord, Lord, day in and day out, Lord. That's that's what I want my desire to be, Lord, tonight, God. Lord, is to give myself away constantly to you, Lord Jesus. There's never a time where we should be, Lord, or giving into our flesh. Though we do, Lord Jesus, at times, God, but Lord, that's my true desire is to give myself wholeheartedly to you, Lord. So tonight, in this moment, God, in this time, Lord, that you've given us, you've Lord, we've dedicated ourselves to you right now, God. And we ask that you would just take complete control right now, Lord. Lord, over our hearts, our mind, Lord Jesus, so that we can receive, Lord, a word from you, Lord Jesus, that would change us, God. Not just a temporary thing, Lord God, in the flesh, but Lord, from glory to glory, from the inside, Lord Jesus, the inside out tonight, God, we love you, Lord. We ask for Lord just a special touch Lord. Continue to pray for sister Lorie Snow God and her complete recovery God and my aunt Sharon Lord Jesus God. We just completely completely trust in you Lord Jesus and the healing touch Lord that you provided at Calvary Lord God. We love you Lord and we just give you tonight's service Lord Jesus on our hearts God. We love you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. It's good to be here tonight. Are you happy to be here tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Just enjoy the sunshine today. Amen. It's just a blessing. Amen. There's something about it, you know, you need sunshine. Amen. It helps you kind of rejuvenate and get you Amen. just naturally. Um you can tell it all over Ryan. He's got He's looking pretty dark back there. I know what you I know I know what you mean, man. But I've I've been out in the sun myself. I I have to cover up with a full hoodie outside so I don't get red. But Amen. God loves all kinds, doesn't he? Praise the Lord. Let's sing this song tonight as we go and greet each other. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes, oh like a [Music] thander and overcome. I'm going to turn up my praise, drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise up my standard and overcome. So Satan, can you hear me? This line is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus is in me, too. So, I will turn up my praise and show you what faith can do. Oh, I'm going to turn up my praise and turn around now. I'm holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise up my standard and tell the devil again tonight. Oh, Satan, can you hear me? This mine is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. The victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus is in me, too. So, I will turn up my praise and show you what faith can do. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. I'm holding my shield away and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a blood, I will raise up my standard and oh, sing that one more time. Oh, I'm going to turn up my praise and around I'll down. I'm holding my shield away and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes, oh like a flood, I will raise up my standard. And oh last time when the enemy comes when the enemy comes in like of the blood I will raise up my standard and overcome. Amen. Praise God. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song. This is on my heart. I just listened to a little bit of Sunday's service again and it's an older one, but has a lot of meaning to it. The day of redemption is here. Men's hearts are failing for fear. Be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed and clear. Amen. Amen. What a calling. Let's sing that tonight. The day of redemption is near. All men's hearts are failing for fear. Oh, be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed and clear. Oh, look up. Your redemption is Aren't you glad tonight? The day of redemption. The day of redemption is here. Men's hearts are failing for fear. Oh, be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed and clear. Lord look up. Your redemption is here. Nations are breaking. Nations are breaking. Israel's awaking. The signs that the prophets fortold. Oh yes. The Gentiles days number with horses encumbered. Eternity soon will unfold. But we know the day of redemption is here. Oh men's hearts are failing for fear. Oh be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed and clear. Just look up. Your redemption is here. Oh, the victory is growing. Jerusalem restoring. A national life on his throne. Oh, today she is calling. Her latter rain falling. Eternal disperse to your own. Yes, Lord. The day of redemption is here. All men's hearts are failing for fear. Oh, be filled with the spirit, your lamps trimmed and clear. Look up. Your redemption. Last time, the day of redemption. Oh, the day of redemption is here. Oh, men's hearts are failing for fear. Oh, be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed and clear. Look up. Your redemption is Oh, it's right here. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Along the same lines tonight. Want to be burned in the midnight oil. Amen. Don't you want to be? Praise the Lord. We'll sing it. Jesus said that in the midnight hour there'll be virgins to hear the great cry. Let's all stand and sing. Behold, he cometh. Rise and trim your lamps. Go and meet him. The bridegroom is nine. But some discovered they were lacking the oil. They were empty with no light to see. So I ask you, dear Lord, come and fill me with your spirit. Girt me burning for you is my free. I want to be burning, burning the midnight oil with my lamp all trimmed and glowing. A vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the word. I must be Lord. There is a virgin bride burning the midnight. Oh, sometimes I really get to wondering why it's a struggle to get down and pray. Oh, I feel the spirit of complacency. We're surrounded by the darkest days, but I am running with the burning desire. I'll keep holding up this light of mine. I am working day and night with the ones who hold the promise. It is time for us to rise and shine. I want to be burning burning the midnight. Oh, do you want to Oh, with my lamp all triming glowing, a vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the word I must belong. There is a virgin bride burning the midnight oil. We'll work, we'll work till Jesus comes. We'll work till Jesus comes. We'll work till Jesus comes. Burning the midnight. Oh, we work till Jesus comes. We work till Jesus comes. We work till Jesus comes. Burning the midnight oil. Oh, I want to be burning, burning the midnight oil with my lamp all trimmed and glowing. A vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the word that must belong. There is a virgin bride burning the midnight [Music] oil. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. So prayer request would come tonight. We're excited to hear brother Marcus Beck. How many's excited to hear brother Marcus Becker tonight? Amen. It's always a joy when he comes. Amen. Sometimes us America needs a little bit of in our lives, right? We all need that. Amen. You can come on up. Praise the Lord. God bless you tonight. We are privileged to have brother Marcus Becker. It's been a couple years since he's been here and we appreciate his uh he's an evangelist from Beaslesburg, Germany. And we just uh we're talking in the office how that he first time my wife and I went over to Germany. I preached a youth camp there in one of the old castles, the historical castles. And brother Marcus was uh my original um translator translated while I preached there. And this is when Amariah and Solomon were babies. We took them with us for some crazy reason. We took our babies all the way to Germany and didn't get any sleep the whole time and trapesed up three stairs in the castle. There was no elevators. Three uh three floors up to the meeting place, three floors down to the cafeteria and then our room. And it we were going up and down with the babies all week. But brother Marcus was our translator and helped preach this all for us all the way back then. But I told him I will not be able to translate for him tonight from German to US. That's for sure. For uh our language, but thankfully he knows English and um for for years I'm being honest tonight cuz Germans are always honest. So I'll be honest. Uh I didn't like Germans for many years uh until I begin to meet people like uh brother Marcus and uh I realized that God uh has his hand on every culture and every person and every and especially us Americans. We need help more than any of them. No sense in being critical. Uh so I love him and I appreciate him and I know he'll have a good word for us tonight. God bless you all and may you enjoy the word of life. That's what we're here for. May you enjoy it. May you take it in. And just we are so How many you can raise your hand? We are so blessed. And I don't mean this church. I don't mean me. I mean we are blessed with the word, the level of the way God speaking to us. It's just we're so blessed. And we should never take it for granted. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let go and let God have his way tonight. Just let him have his way. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have Thank you, [Music] Lord. Your night turn. Let go and let God have his way. Oh, let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. [Music] Your soul will vanish. Your night turn to day. Let go and let God have his way. Hallelujah. Now, while the music is softly playing, let's bow our heads. And if you want that the Lord speaks something to you personally, you just raise your hands to the Lord and say, "Heavenly Father," you can even use Brother Marcus to tell me something that helps me on my way. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for this evening. Your name may be glorified. May you help the minister. May you help the listeners. Father, I know it's a Wednesday night evening and uh but let this word become precious to our hearts and our soul. Father, thank you for Calvary. Father, thank you for Pentecost. Father, thank you for the time that we live in. Thank you for the capstone. Thank you for everything. Thank you for the way you are to us. Father, a friend, a very present help in time of trouble, Father. Lord, may your name be glorified. And may this be a an evening of a love affair between the heavenly father and his earthly children. And so we ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you all. And while we are standing, let's open the word of the Lord. Yes, I in the second book of Kings chapter 20 verse one. And I thank definitely the musicians for these wonderful songs that we that we heard. Second Kings 20 verse one. For me, it's page 520, but it doesn't it's not helpful for you. Okay. In those days was heiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amos came to him and said unto him, "Thus sayaest the Lord, set thine house in order, for thou shalt die and not live." Then he turned his face to the wall and prayed unto the Lord, saying, I beseech thee, O Lord, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore. And it came to pass before Isaiah was gone out in the middle court, that the word of the Lord came to him, saying, "Turn again, and tell Hezekiah, the captain of my people. Thus sayaeth the Lord, the God of David, thy father, I have heard thy prayer. I have seen their tears. Behold, I will heal thee on the third day, that thou shalt go up unto the house of the Lord." May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. We may be seated. Now, it's a great honor for me to to take this service for this evening and uh I know it's a very prominent pullpit here and with a tremendous ministries that are passing by and your own pastor is a wonderful man and a tremendous man. And so I I just thought to to to come by because we have a project and uh that I will not enter too deep in this because then my time is up just presenting the project. But then brother Paul said why don't you uh preach for us on that Wednesday evening. It's a great honor. It's a great pleasure and uh it's a great pleasure to see the the family laines and and and you Gideon and Solomon. I saw the whole dream team already. Yeah. We are we are good friends since we met at the youth camp many many years at brother Ron Peterson. You remember huh? And yeah definitely. So and brother brother brother Paul one time said to me brother Marcus you will never become a fan of laantine music. Okay I said I have on my playlist I have some laugh songs. Okay but I said it might be so that I'm too German for that but I said I'm definitely a fan of the Leafantine family. Okay. And that's so wonderful. We believe that is uh not with words of flatteries that that uh God placed here a man and and a church with really a wonderful vision. A wonderful vision and I'm praying that God will continue to bless you that way. And um uh yeah, we're just a family of God. I bring greetings from Germany, from my pastor, brother Rodald, and from many of the believers uh that know you and uh yeah, bring the greetings from there to the family, to the Lant family, and to all of you. And if you wouldn't mind, I I would enter directly into the subject. Yes, sir. And uh because I know it's a Wednesday, I'm not a I'm I I will respect time, but give me give me that time to to develop a certain a certain picture. Okay. And um I I I I I would like to entitle the subject and definitely I was preaching it in South Africa when I was there two weeks ago. Um but as I don't have notes, every sermon is is a little bit individual. Um God is keeping his promises and the the the story that we have found here is the story of Hezekiah. And now the prophet comes to him and says, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, you shall die." And Hezekiah wept sore. And it seemed that God heard the cry of Hezekiah. And when the prophet Isaiah when he left the inner court, the middle court, God speaks back to the prophet Ezekiah and says, "Go back and tell the king that he shall live." Now my question to you this evening, what thus sayeth the Lord was thus sayaeth the Lord because it was completely contradictive completely. And I want to say both thus sayaith the Lord were but thus sayaith the Lord both both and we will see this evening that brother Brandon makes it very clear that God does not change his mind about his word. But at the same time, brother Blammy said God changes his mind about situations and that makes that Bible applyable to our own life. That makes that message brother this message now we had for 2,000 years we had all kind of fanaticism because we didn't understand God's nature. Therefore, we tried reformation and reformation is only there to frustrate people. I tell you one thing, we were too long in legalism. Legalism is a dead end. It has no solution. It can frustrate people. We tried reformation, never worked. We tried liberalation, it never worked. We tried Pentecostalism and it never worked. Amen. Uh we tried we tried churchianity, it never worked. But the Bible says in the days of the of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery, not mysteries, they were revealed by Scullfield. And so, but the mystery, God reveals who he is. For the first time, we could look in the back part of of of God's mind. Therefore, we understand God better than Adam in the Garden of Eden. It's a tremendous time. It's a tremendous time. Amen. I'm a little bit like Trump. Tremendous. But okay, it's how it is. But it's tremendous. Honestly, unbelievable. Amen. So, we see remember uh between the first dust sayaith the Lord and the second dust sayaith the Lord, there's a changing of shift a shifting of guards. Okay? So, the next day, and if I'm walking up and down, it's it's just that I feel good. Okay? Please don't take it personal. Okay? Uh it's it's it's it's a it's it's a it's a shifting of guards and they might have seen one another the next day and uh one guard said to the next wasn't it wonderful what the prophet said and the first guard said what what was wonderful the king shall die he said no the king shall live and the first one said I have it on tape the second one said I have it on tape too the first one said but that was before 63 free. I mean, so Bose is on tape. How can it be that God corrects himself? And we will see this evening how great our father is. And we we before we start with that thing, we we we have to understand the nature of God. That is once we understand God, we can understand ourself. You can only become a child of your father if you understand how your father thinks. Okay. And then you learn to treat people. You understand people. You understand their background. And so lean a little bit back and just rejoice this evening. How how how because this message revealed the almighty God to us. He's not a stranger anymore. I mean, blessed be the name of the Lord. And if if the brothers would help me, I would definitely appreciate with the technique with the technical part. So here's what brother Brand said. He said don't misunderstand me now and say brother Brandham said Jesus will come in 1977. I never said no such a thing Jesus may come today but I have predicted that between 33 and 77 something would take place that these things that I seen come to pass in the vision would take place and five of them has already took place. Now I know as ministers we try to defend the message but the message defends itself. The lion does not need somebody to defend. The only person the only animal in the jungle who doesn't feel the lion is the lioness. Okay she understands he's roaring. But here brother Bam said five of these uh vision took place and but the rest will be finished between 33 and 77. Now I'm strongly against personal interpretations of the message. Now people can think the sixth vision is uh Hillary Clinton but I always said look brother said it will be a beautiful woman. I don't want to hurt your American feelings but that is up to opinion. Okay, it will be beautiful. But but the thing is this. We always say brother Brandham said it. I predict. Okay. But he said it 13 times. And if brother Brandham just was wrong, then it's a question to our young generation. Where else was brother Brandham wrong? Okay. And I want to tell the young people this message is watertight. But it takes our our understanding has be has to be adjusted. We understand too that brother Bram said things as a human being. That was his opinion. We are very clear on that. Okay. But when it comes to teaching, we have an infallable message. When it comes to teaching, it must be solid. Okay? If not, we can put into question everything. Okay? So here we have the challenge. How can the prophet say something like this? And obviously it's not fulfilled in that way. Okay. He says I predict but he used it 13 times in his preaching. Let's see if we can find a solution this evening. Please make the next one. Now you remember when I was preaching here last time about Esther and brother Bam said so he was first God Jehovah and out of him let's just picture now a little drama so you can get it. Let's see coming out of space where there was nothing. Let's make it a little white light, like a mystic light, like a halo. That was the logos that went out of God in the beginning. That was the son of God that came out of the bosom of the father. That was what was in the beginning was the word. And the word was with God, and the word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. In the beginning was God. And then out of God came the logos, a part of God that went out of God. Now we we remember that brother Brham said the first thing that God created were angels. Quotes brother Brandham. And I always said, brother Brandham wasn't very clear. But the difference between a creation and a birth is that part of yourself is in that birth. Okay. Now me as a man I created many things. I builded houses. Okay. But I only b one daughter. The difference between the birth of my daughter is part of my DNA is in my daughter. So the pillar of fire was not created. It came out of it was birthed. Can you say amen? It's a difference. Angels are created but the pillar of fire was the logos that came out of God. It was part of God. Out of the logos came Melchazdc. Out of Melzdc came the Lord Jesus Christ. Okay. The bride in what form ever was always in Christ? Brother Brham said even we in Christ paid for our own sins at the cross. Who could say yes? Okay. So if the bride was in Christ, have you ever thought about that? As Eve was in Adam, the bride was in Christ. Now when God called Adam in the Garden of Eden, God didn't call Adam and Eve come. Eve had no name. She was part of Adam. God called Adam. Let Adam come. Adam, where are you? And two people came. When God called Adam, Eve was called with him. Eve had no name. She was just a helper. Huh? God called her a helper. Adam called a woman taken from a man. That means when when the bride in what form ever was in Christ, then the bride must have been in Melzdc. When the bride was in Melzdc, she must have been in the pillar of fire. And when she was in the pillar of what form ever, she must have been in God. Can you say amen? She is bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, part of him as Eve was part of Adam. Okay. So we see God in his provision and then please make the next one and then brother B said something the eternal thoughts of God. Let me ask you are the thoughts of God eternal? If you can see this you will see many things in other words if you don't see this you just see God send a prophet and I mean but if you see this you will see many things. God is unchangeable in both essence and behavior. He is omnisient. He has never had a new thought about anything because all of his thoughts he has always had and always will have and knows the end from the beginning because he's God. Thus, the thoughts of God are eternal. They are real. They are not simply like a man with a blueprint he has drawn up which one day will be translated into substance and form. But they are already real, eternal, and part of God. Can you say amen? That's his family. Amen. There's a quote when brother said in the beginning, God was alone with his thoughts. But he never said God was thinking. He said he was he was alone with his thoughts. In other words, he wasn't alone. That's right. because his thoughts are eternal are part of him and they are already real. Amen. So we are his thoughts expressed. In other words, there is a big difference between the church and the bride. Amen. Amen. The bride comes from God and your destiny is your origin. Amen. And there is a church and I always want to say there is still time to say whosoever will let him come. There's still time to evangelize. There's still time to search the lost sheep. But you cannot preach somebody into into the bride. Nobody can preach you into it. Nobody can preach you out of it. I mean, you were part of his thinking in what form ever? And you expressed on this earth. And I tell you one thing, maybe you think you came wrong on this earth, but you will leave the right way. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon makes it like this. And I remember how brother Beckett, I know I was preaching it already, but let me follow the the leadership of the Holy Ghost uh in that thing. God, brother Ram said, before the foundation of the world, God made a picture of his family. And here we were. Therefore, brother, if you know who you are, there's no need to become arrogant. There's no need for superior complexes or inferior complex. You are who you are. You we don't have time to play the victim card. I mean, we are overcomers by our father. Okay? And God took our souls and throwed us on seven continents on seven church ages. He put part of himself into us. Amen. Because because David said God made everything wonderful in his time. He even placed eternity into our hearts. And there's only one who is eternal. That's God. God placed eternal part of himself into us. And he throwed us into life. And God is knows one thing. When seven church ages are over, the whole family of God will be there. Nobody is missing. And brother Brandon was the first messenger who could say, "God is not anymore complete without you." Amen. I tell you, nobody can preach you out of it. Nobody can preach you into it. It's glorious. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery. Amen. The mystery. Amen. Amen. Amen. God has a family. God has a has a part that was taken out of him and he takes that part back to himself. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. So, so, so, so let me let me make it a little bit sophisticated. We all know that only species of the same category can marry. The rest is perversion. A cat can only marry a cat. A dog can only marry a dog. A human being can only marry a human being if not his sodomic condition. You understand what I want to say? Now, if God wants to marry, who can he marry? Himself. God can only marry himself. Amen. That part we we hear faith comeths from hearing hearing of the words. But it's not only the words here. It's the word that God placed here. Brother Ramy said the deep calls to the deep. Amen. That means we are not better than denominations. We're not better. We're not better people. No. There's no way for us to be arrogant. We are over that time. You know, when we were younger, we were cursing everyone. Now we became older. We are blessing everyone because we are seed of Abraham. We are we are we are born to bless. Amen. You have a nice you have you have a friendly person at the gas station. He helps you. God bless you because we are seed of Abraham. We are born to bless. Amen. Amen. It's a special type. It's no need to for arrogance. No need. You will not help people by despising them. Give him a helping hand. Give him a give him give him a little bit of love. Can you say amen? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Family of God. We are not only church. Amen. We are we are we are the expression of God. His thoughts made flesh in our life. Amen. Please make the next one. Now God that's what brother Bam said just a little dew drop. I don't know too much about chemistry but it must be that decongelling of humidity under stand or atmosphere. And when the nights get dark and cold, it falls from heaven and drops upon the ground. It fell from somewhere. But the next morning before the sun comes up, it's laying there. Little fellow shivering. But just let the sun come up watching go shining. It's happy. Why? The sun is going to call it right back from where it come from. Oh, that's the way with a Christian. Hallelujah. We know when we walk into the presence of God, something in us tells us that we come from somewhere and we are going back again by the power that's pulling us. The little dew drop, it glistens and shines and shouts because he knows he come from up there and the sun is going to draw him right back up again. And the man that's an attribute of God born of God knows hallelujah when he come in contact with the son of God he's going to be draw up from from here someday for if I be lifted up from the earth all draw I will draw all men unto me. Now please understand in our time brother Benham was a was a was a was was a was a star in the night. He was a seventh angel. But 1964 he starts this year. He said shalom. Good morning. Good morning church. In Finnish youana good morning. What does it mean? The night is over. The sun went up. What time do we live? It's the rising of the sun calling us back. Amen. It there's a man who can turn on the lights. Please understand we don't talk about any predestination of our physical being but the word attribute our true identity the one who lives on the inside. Amen. Can you say amen? Please understand if you understand that the great person in our generation is not William Brham. It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore we are not Brenhammites. We are not Brandon fan club. Not at all. Amen. Look at this. Amen. This message does not come from America. I'm hope I'm not hurting anybody any feeling. This message comes from the presence of Almighty. That's what the angel told brother Brandham. Brother Brandham was just a voice. Amen. But the postman, if if if if you receive a letter from your beloved, you will not embrace the postman. You will not kiss the postman. I mean you will kiss the one who sent the letter. There was not William Brandham. He was just a voice but the Lord Jesus Christ sent the letter. Brother I tell you one thing this message is not a cult. Why should we become cultish? It's not a denomination. Why should we now apply denominational nonsense? Have a little bit cold war with him and cold war with that. The bride has cold war with no one. We are body. I mean we have our differences but we learn to respect people of God. Can you say amen? This message is not a sect. Why should it become sectarian? What is this message? Our father. Our father talking to us. Can you say amen? Do you love the voice behind the voice? I tell you one thing. We Germans, we we are not crying fast. Only in football, in soccer, that's when we cry. Okay. But I want to ask you one thing. Even if you're some tough guy, some real hunters and fishers, whatever. Didn't we all cry when we when we were reading the life story of brother Brandon? We were all crying because that was our story. That is our true family. That is part of us. Can you say amen? So here please make the next one. So we came on this earth and brother Brandham explained it like this. Your birth was pre-planned. God did not only know that you would be here, but your birth was pre-planned. And brother Bram said, in things that are to be, he said, for many generations. Therefore, God protected your seed over seven church ages. Therefore, brother Blame said the the the virgin birth is not as mysterious as the natural birth because you must that is no Marcus. Okay? But God had to pay attention on your look because you must look like your theophony. Brother Ram said me had the same black hair on the other side as he has on this side. But that's no Marcus. Okay? If you see a difference, that's accepted. Okay? So be sure be happy about your color. Be happy about your about your outward expression. Be happy about your culture. Please understand, we don't preach to colors. We talk to theophanes to the inner body to the inner person. Don't let nobody give you minority a minor complex. I am the way how my creator made me. Blessed be the name of the lord. I have some I have I take care of a little outreach just on 20 30 people but a lot of Africans good people really wonderful. Okay. And we're good friends and they are young people. They are ministers. They consider me a little bit as their mentor as their I helped in the ministry but they I'm always in the minority. And I always said and boys remember white life matters. But look at this. So we came in this earth in a body that we don't like. Amen. Amen. I'm when I when I when I wake up in the morning and I look in the mirror, I said, "I don't know you, but I wash you anyhow." Okay. We came into families that we don't like. I come from a broken family. I come from a dysfunctional family. and you hated yourself. Amen. I had no father. My my family was divorced. I know what it means to be underprivileged. But I tell you one thing, when I gave my life, I was 14 years old and I had cancer like a leukemia. I had I I was not I was not I was not unhappy to die because there was no vision for me. I said, "Okay, if I'm life is miserable anyhow." Okay. And I was saved I think for a purpose. And when I came to the Lord Jesus, I was in my age of 20 21. God revealed to me that he was my father. And I said, I'm the most privileged people on this earth. I have a friend in life. I have a father. I have a family. Amen. Maybe not on this earth, but I have a heavenly family. I'm not alone. Amen. Can you say amen? But we came into situation that we were not choosing. Amen. Amen. So God pre-planned our birth. Your grandfather could not die in World War I because your father was in him. Your father could not die by the by the Hitler boys. No way. Because you were still in him. I remember I told you already last time when I was years ago here, there was that kind of uh uh Veterans Day. And Veterans Day, you get something for free in in the restaurants. And here's the old veteran looking at me uh looking bar did you serve and and I want to say yes but I was on the wrong side but but I didn't dare to do that because I was one of the you understand but look I mean we we can understand the Bible if you understand our father so here we have two famous players France Beckenbau and Bertie Folks and the thing is is both had the same success in football both world champions as players and as coaches but Mr. Beckenbar was always self-confident okay when he was losing a match he was asked Mr. Beckenbar what was the reason for the losing of the match for the defeat he said what's the heck next match we will win what's what's your problem okay now Mr. folks. No, he was always explaining himself. He was always insecure of himself and yeah, you must understand uh the defense was not uh as they should and the midfield players we had technical problems. We have to solve this and they had to find out what was the difference between both because both had the same success and they found out it lays in their youth because Mr. Beckenbower comes from a wealthy family and he his his uncle was already a player. That means he he heard all the time boy your name is Beckenbower you make it you always better than the rest because already of the genes and Mr. Folks, he had no father no mother. He lost his parents. And they found out he he was missing some kind like a bonding. They call it bonding between the parents and the children which is so important for the personality of a of a young man. He needs that bonding. It gives him stability in life. Okay. And and and and I want to say this. Therefore, it's to to solve the problem of our day. We need the bonding to our heavenly father. And for 2,000 years, we didn't understand our father. We thought he's a dictator. We thought he's never satisfied. We thought he is. He was always criticized in the church. And God had to reveal who the father is. That we come into a relationship. We become happy people. Can you say amen? So, so, so therefore the picture is so important. The message that we believe is not a doctrine. It's a relationship. It's a relationship. Amen. How can we become how can we make our children happy if we're not happy? How can we become good ministers if we all ch if we always chased our own tail? No, we must arrive somewhere. Here I am. Here I stand. I don't have to prove nothing. I'm a son of God. My father loves me exactly the way I'm a bad preacher, but I have a theophony. Amen. Amen. I'm a bad singer, but I have a theophony. Can you say amen? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. So, we see the bonding explains. And here is Mrs. Joyce Meyer. And he she's not a message believer, but I can tell you one thing. If you have the Holy Ghost, you can learn from every person. You can learn from every person. There the time is over when we were despising everyone. And if you're not in the message, you are nothing. you are just sort of no no people have insights. Okay. So she she is a a prosperity gospel minister. We are not agreeing in that. Not at all. You see but I had to look her up because we had some fans that that that that liked her because we had some visitors in our church. And her life is she was abused as a child from her own father nearly every day. Child abuse, sexual abuse. and she throwed away her own life and she said and her life testimony is how the Lord Jesus find her and and and and and healed her in a denomination. I thought by myself if the Lord Jesus can do a thing like this in a denomination, how can he do things in the message of the hour? There's healing power in the word. There's healing power. If God can do this in a Baptist church, why can't he do this in our church? Definitely. So, and then she said something that I never forget in my life. She says, "People who got hurt do silly things." That's the reason that people act the way they act. That's the people That's the reason people react the way they act. Mostly it's hurted feelings. That's right. Amen. Takes a little bit of of of balm of Gilead. I told I told brother brother Paul, you see, as I was taking care of the young people, you always have to deal with people who leave the message or leave the local church. And I always make them I always let them know, look, when we were brothers before, then we're still brothers because it's not a question of membership to a local place. We talk about the family of God. Okay? So I I from time to time I send him a little note. I said, "How brother brother, how are you doing? I I'm not exaggerating, but I show you that that the drama in in our places." He's writing back, "Brother Marcus, I wasn't in church on Sunday." I said, "That wasn't my question. I understand I'm over 50, but I'm not as old as you think. I understand perfectly." But that wasn't my question. My question is, "How are you doing, brother Marcus? I'm back next Sunday." I said, I think by myself he's not back because if a person wants to come back, he doesn't write that he will be back. He will be there. Amen. But you see, young people think when a minister contacts them, the only question that he has is, "Where were you on Sunday?" And I'm writing back. I said, "Hey, you're a human being. Can I help you? Can I do something for you?" Amen. And and and and and sometimes the boys are speechless because they think once they leave the church, we have to despite them. No, we have to take our arms around them. Amen. You're not helping people by despising them. You're not helping them. Amen. God has to call them back in his time. Don't you see how how how beautiful the Lord Jesus is? I mean, here is here is that prodigal son. That was his mistake. A righteous living a red light districts. And that was his problem. But but you see there's two miracles that happened. The first miracle that comes is that the Bible says and the boy came to himself. People say, "Brother Marcus, where are the miracles in the message?" We are the miracles. That's what the Bible says. Israel here, O Israel, you are the miracles and you are a sign. Your life is a miracle. Amen. There was no deacon coming. No, there was no minister coming. Amen. There was God reminding him, hey, don't forget you have a father. And the first the first revelation that this boy had was not I have a message church. I have brother Brandham. No, he said I have a father and my father is a great man. Can you say amen? Please, if you come into the house of the Lord, come into the house of your father and say here I am. Sometime have you ever have you ever had that situation that you really felt bad really and the thoughts are bad and you really and then you hear a voice which says especially on Wednesday uh uh don't go to church some we have a little bit and the voice is oh it's a pandemia no no you cannot go to church you have you ever heard that voice which when you really felt bad that this voice said no stay at home you're not a blessing for the people can you say amen word that voice speaks English and German. I hear it in German. You hear it in English. But I tell you one thing, if Satan tells you to stay home, you'd say, "Satan, you stay home." I tell you one thing, you're not becoming more spiritual by staying home. That's the moment you come into the house of the father and say, "Heavenly Father, everything went wrong. I'm in a complete disaster, but you are my help." Amen. You are my all in all. Can you say amen? So, please make the next one. Now to understand I I made that little introduction to show the precision of God, the precision because brother Bram said when it comes to the 144,000, brother Bram said they don't know who they are, but God knows all of them. For 6,000 years or 2,000 years, God was following every seed line. The precision of God. Look now here's brother Brandon. Okay. Now you must understand your life in my life. We have divinity in humanity. Have patience with yourself. Don't expect too much from yourself. Once that we are that one that we don't have much too much illusions about ourself, we lose illusions about our brother because my brother is fighting the same fight that I fight. Amen. Amen. Exactly. So here's brother planet man and he is a tremendous man but he had some little complexes and you see him standing beside Ara Robert and if you see the whole picture he stands like this. He realized he's a short man and you must understand especially the young people at home I'm a little bit sometime a coach for them. You must understand we live in time of psychological warfare. You wake up in the morning, you have strange thoughts from immoral thoughts up to up to up to all kind that you that you're a loser and you everything. You wake up that morning and I'm sure I'm not the only one. That's the moment when you take every spirit under the control of the Lord Jesus Christ because here comes brother Brandon was at was there were two messengers that were outstanding. One was Paul who was laying a foundation and the seventh one was brother Brandham who brought down the capstone. None of the messengers had the authority like William Brandham. None could come who going into a room and says I take now every spirit under my control for the glory and honor of God. None of them had had the authority. But here comes he passes by Oral Roberts University and he sees that great statue and he thinks about himself having just one typewriter and this man has a big university and he starts feeling sorry for himself and he says and I heard the voice which told me you God could not trust your money look a man who took every spirit under his control believes a lie of Satan. Don't you understand that we sometime believe in the lies of Satan too? Don't trust your own thoughts. No, I don't trust my own thoughts. You see, and then God had to intervene. He said, "Look up. I'm your portion." That's therefore we come to church. Therefore, we come to hear about eternal things. Can you say amen? That our father can talk to us. So, here is a man, brother Ben. He was together with great men Jack Moore, Gordon Lindseay, Aubra Roberts. Most of them they were in Bible school. They could talk Greek, Latin, Hebrew. And Brother Brandon was just how he calls himself, a hillbilly. and he said this and they they made him know that they didn't have much respect for the man William Brandon saying you don't know your Bible very much and we all know that brother Brandham says I don't know my Bible very much but I know the author very well and we always thought in a Pentecostal way yes and the power of miracles and the power of his resurrection but I want to tell you this if I write a book and you know me, you understand the book. You must understand how I think to understand my book. It's for example, make a little make a little example. You don't know me and I make a certain joke. If you know me, you understand it's a joke. But if you don't know me, you can take that serious. You see? Therefore, with friends, you can make jokes. You can speak ironically. with strangers you cannot do. You must understand the person to understand his language. Can you say amen? In other words, if you don't know the nature of God, you will never be able to read the Bible. You will never understand to read the message. You bring people into any kind of an extreme. Can you say amen? You must first understand the author, his nature, his way of thinking. Amen. And then you can understand the Bible and then we can understand the message of the hour. Blessed be the name of the Lord. That means brother Brmond said that means this book can be revealed to anyone but a special class of people. It will take one with prophetic insight. It will require the ability to hear from God. It will require supernatural instruction. Not just a student comparing verse with verse. though that's good but a mystery requires the teaching of the spirit or it never becomes clear how we need to hear from God and lay ourselves open become yield to the spirit to hear and know brother therefore we have to learn the doctrine of the message but we must understand that our personality has to grow with that doctrine if not we have a sort I mean with a childish Holy Spirit. It takes maturity. It takes personality. It takes integrity. It takes a person who who who who leaves childish things away. Therefore, brother Brian never God never took away the new birth from the Pentecostals. Never. Amen. Because he said you cannot teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things. A baby is born again, but you cannot marry a baby. Amen. The rapture is not for spiritual teenagers. It's not for babies. It's for mature people. She knows who she is. Amen. That's the opening of the word. She finds her situ her position. Definitely. So God is revealing constantly himself to his bride. Service by service, he shows more of himself. And once you understand how your father is, you understand that's me. That's right. That's the person that's that's my image in which I'm changed. Brother says that this message has transforming power. We were we were unbelievers. And I I think I showed you last time already. We were we were just we didn't have we didn't we had didn't we we didn't we didn't go to church. My family was a was a broken family. I was I was I was fan of Arnold Schwatzenegger and Sylvester Stallone. And I saw one time Arnold Schwatzenegger making that brush muscle. M so I started bodybuilding and I tell you one thing and for you elder brothers that is a great help. Everything that you see here was here. It's just a change of dispensation. Change but everything that here was here. Therefore we tell the young people it's not not wrong to make sport but invest in your soul too. Can you say amen? Amen. So what happens is this. When I came to the Lord Jesus, we were standing on the street and on testify and people come to us and say, "Look, this is just psychology. This is just making up your mind. There is no Jesus. There's no nothing." And I could tell, "Boy, you come too late. I can tell you what the Lord Jesus did in my life. You come too late. It's not a theory for me. I see how the Lord Jesus changed my life." And look, and we came into the messy and we didn't see the signification of William Brham to be honest with you. No, not in the beginning. It took us some years to see the importance of it, the opening of the word. But today, you must understand it's it it changed from the messenger to the message, from the prophet to the prophecy. People come to me and said, "Brother Marcus, yes, but there were not 13 people fell from that bridge, but 20 people." And brother Brian was wrong. I said, "Look, again, I tell you one thing, boy, you're too late because I experienced the changing power of this message. I'm not anymore interested in the messenger, but I see how this message changed me. I can just say I will not argue with you, but you're too late. You're just too late. Can you say amen? So, blessed be the name of the Lord. This is soul building. This is character building. This is personality building. This message changes us into our true image. takes away our complexes, our our our our bad upbringing or whatever. Okay, so please so we understand. I repeat myself as a little thing. It takes supernatural instruction. Not the best speaker is the one who understands God. That's right. Amen. This message is not a seminary. It's not it's not you want to have a fight. I have some quotes. That time is over. That was our child. That that that that was our our John Wayne time. Okay. Okay. Should first shoot then. This message is a love letter. Can you say amen? This message is holy to us. Because it's our father revealing himself. If somebody doesn't agree, I say that's fine for me. All is good. But for me, it's so precious. Maybe it's not your love letter, but for me it means a lot. And I know I talked to people who feel exactly the same thing. Okay. So, so it's not for the most anointed ones, but it's for the one who loves the Lord Jesus. The more you love him, the more you have him. Revelation is not a question of intelligence. It's a question of love. God reveals himself more and more. He speaks the mystery into the ears of his brides. And she will not boast about this. She will be feel so privileged about it. So can you say amen? Please make the next one. So we understand understanding God. You see now here is Jesus of Nazareth and he is a tremendous man and we understand that the Pharisee had to find an answer. So they had their little gathering. They come together and there was quite some debates and everybody went his way and they said and they answered and said unto him are thy also of Galilee search and look for out of Galilee arises no prophet and everyone every man went unto his own house. So the Pharisees come together and they leave that little uh ministers meeting and everybody is writing to the nexus uncchristianizing him. Yes, but because you don't understand and you don't understand. But the thing is, please understand and put on the spiritual jacket. Jesus of Nazareth was never Jesus of Nazareth. That was not his name. That was his nickname. And I and and if I use some some words, please understand that my range of words is limited. Jesus of Nazareth never was even the angel came to Mary and says, "You are searching Jesus of Nazareth." I mean, that was not his name. It was his fake name because he was Jesus of Bethlehem. He was not born in Galilee. He was born in Bethlehem in the bread house of God. Amen. Therefore, his true name is Jesus of Bethlehem because the city indicates your birth. He was not born in Ba in Galilee. He had to go in the city of David according to the story. Amen. Therefore, his true name is Jesus of Bethlehem. But if they if they would have known that he was born in Bethlehem, he could they would directly see it in the scripture. So God hides himself behind a nickname. Calls himself Jesus of Galile Jesus of Nazareth. He was never born in Nazareth. He was grown up in Nazareth. You understand? Can you say amen? God hiding himself. Amen. He's Jesus of Na Bethlehem. Therefore, by the blame seed, why little Bethlehem? Amen. He was never Jesus of Nazareth. Raised up in Nazareth, but not born in Nazareth. Amen. But God loves to confound. God loves this to hide himself behind little things and let the scoffers discuss and let them write their email. And God says, "Look, there's a little re revelation behind it, but I only re reveal it to my children. Don't be nervous by scoffers. They have their place." Can you say, "Amen." So you understand, please. The next next make the next one. So we understand that now a prophet is now sometime God can talk to a prophet and the prophet repeats what he hears. Okay. Or what he feels. Okay. For example, let me say let me be brother. Yeah, brother B. That sense. And I said for example uh uh take brother Paul I see you. You come from a place with a lot of seas. Okay. And I'm hearing this. Okay. And you are a pastor. Yes. And and and you're a musicians. Not a good one, but a musician. Now you have to have lamb's nature, brother Paul. Okay. And your name is Lafantine. Is it all true? Raise up your hands. Okay. That's all true. Okay. So the prophet hears it. But a prophet, God can speak through a prophet in the first first person. David says they pierced my hands. But it was not David who was pierced. It was Christ that was pierced. But David said never said he they pierced his hands. He they pierced my hands. So when brother Brandham says I will ride this trail again, it doesn't mean brother Brandham will come back. That with Christ riding this trail again. Can you say amen? Thousands of people in South America wait that brother Brandon comes to fulfill the tent vision and they say he will ride this trail again but he will ride this trail again through this to the bride. Can you say amen? It's Christ riding this trail again but through you and through me. Therefore the Bible doesn't say in the life of the seventh age in the days of the voice of the seven and the voice is still living. We are that voice. There will be a people who will be the final voice for the vital age under their messenger. Brother, we have no message of ourself. We are happy that we have a every every father is the head of his home. Every pastor is the head of a local church. Every messenger is the head of the of of of his church age and Christ is the head of all seven messengers. Sometime people ask me, "Brother, brother Marcus, does somebody have a right to correct a prophet?" They said, "Sure, God has a right." God is the head of all prophets. He corrects who he wants. Every prophet has a head. That's Christ himself. Can you say amen? So, so, so it's confounding, but we must understand God's way of speaking. That's right. Can you say amen? Therefore, we learned as ministers, whatever we believe, we make a comma. Maybe my vision was a little bit too small. Maybe I come back next year and I see the picture a little bit bigger. So never fight of little doctrinal things. Though the prophet said yes, but we must see the bigger picture. Can you say amen? And if we're humble, if we're simple, if we're not arrogant, God will just in his time will show us greater things. Blessed be the name of Please make the next one. So we understand, Amen. that the problem in in in in in in the in the thus say is the lord of denomination is it's too it's too uh it's too general it's like a horoscope. Okay. Now here we have Benny Hinn and he tries to to to to uh he tries to copy William Brandham. Okay. I see on this side marriage problems. I mean if you have 20 couples okay so he says I see on this side heart problems. Yeah. I mean if you always eat McDonald's and have Tik Tok seven hours per day and don't move your cholesterol goes up. I understand. You see it's not a big mystery. So that's the problem. But here is a man by the name of Jonah and and he he he's not he's he he is he is precise. He said thus sayaith the Lord in 30 days in 30 days or or 40 days. Okay. And God postpones. Huh? It's thus says the Lord, but God postpones his own judgment. Here's what brother said. What about Jonah? Now all the quotes that I'm reading is in the message God judgment. God doesn't call a man to judgement with was first warning him. What about Jonah going through the streets saying oh the city is going to be destroyed within so many 40 days and then God didn't do it. See you have to watch. God don't always strike when he warns. But there is one thing then the prophet is mocked. And brother Benon continues there is one thing that can stop it. That's a quick repentance. Amen. God loves to forgive. That's his nature. God is even stopping his own judgment. If a person is ready to repent, brother, that that shows the nature of our father. Can you say amen? Now look at this. And and he is and we will see the example at the end of the service. God is not ashamed. Now here's for example, brother Marcus. So, brother Paul is not in his office and I see the cast of the church and I said, "Look, um, we can use it for German ways." Okay? And I'm stealing the money of the church. And here, for example, comes the pillar of fire. He says, "Thus says the Lord, because you stole the money of God, you will be dead in between of two weeks. Thus says the Lord." Now, two days later, and I don't talk about saying sorry. Sorry is not in the Bible. Sorry is making a little bit nice weather. But fruits of repentance and here's Mark and he really feels Lord, please forgive me. That was so wrong. Please forgive me. The next Sunday, the pillar of fire could come back and say, Marcus, everything is forgiven. God loves to forgive. Whatever you made the mistakes, you are never in a dead end. A person says sometime to me, "Brother Marcus, there's no way for me." God Jesus is the way. Amen. Can you say amen? If you have the Lord Jesus, you always have a way. Never give up. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. Judgment stops the wrath of God. Amen. Huh? Brother Blam says in the same message, "Here is people and they have already a black cloud over them. Death is already pronounced over them. If I can bring them to a point that they could promise to God, heavenly father, if I if you give me some more time, I I I I I will serve you with all my heart." God, he said, "Can okay, God can God can take that judgment away and give that person some more years. though the the black cloud is already over that person. Amen. Repentance right stops God. Every every Holy Ghost filled believer is ready to forgive all that thing of uh I cannot talk to sometime you have people they're not fussing okay but they are in cold war sometime there's churches even in cold war we don't hate our brother but you don't have time I don't have no no the bride cannot be in cold war I'm that is the thing sometime people cannot forgive because they have a doctrine of the message but they never knew what it means to be forgiven. Amen. Amen. But once you see what the Lord Jesus did for us, you can forgive your brother. You can you can say it still hurts, but brother, God forgave me so much things, so I will forgive you. Let's find a way together. Let's let's don't be stubborn. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. It's no time for cold war. We're too way too far on the way. Amen. Hezekiah was told to make ready and get ready because he had to meet his maker. Now Hezekiah was a king, a great man. Did you notice it's clear? Lord, I beseech you to consider me. I have walked before you with a perfect heart. What a testimony to us. How we should a man walk before God. Even death was pronounced upon the man. And yet God changed his mind about him because Hezekiah wanted to do something and God said, "I would give you the desire of your heart." God does not change his mind about his word. That's very clear. But he changed his mind about situation. Let things come later than it was first prepared. God is not dogmatic. Amen. God is not a computer. God is a father. He loves his to he loves to give that second chance to his children. He loves to communicate. So never give up. Never give up. Can you say amen yet change his mind? Amen. Please make the next one. So can God can he count? Yeah. Amen. Please don't read. But you see God comes the precision of God. That's our father. I mean you have to understand the whole universe takes the universe. Amen. That's our father. Every planet stands there. Amen. God knows what he does. Amen. You see, can he count? Yeah, he can count. Amen. He's the author of of all physics, of all science. He's the author of it. Science is not contradictive to the message. Not at all. Medicine is not contradictive to the message. Not at all. Amen. So here he comes to Abraham. He says, "Look, 400 years you will be in a strange country. 400 years." God is specific. Speaks to Abraham. So now 400 years is ready. God's time is ready. I'm according to your appointed time. Moses is ready and he goes and he is killing just that one Egyptians. And here's what brother Benham he explains. He said God was ready. Moses was ready but Israel was not ready. Amen. And God does not say okay. That's your problem. It's your problem. I sent you the I sent you the liberator. You don't want that's up to you. No. No. God is a father. He understands the situation. Takes Moses back. Okay. Gives him a nice wife to form him a little bit. Amen. And he gives him a nice Pharaoh to put on that pressure that when Moses will come the next time, they will be happy to go. Okay. He said, "Okay, I will give you some." Okay. You like to be here? Wonderful. You You reject Moses? That's very fine. Uh I will I will I will I will make that that that your suffer your your sufferings a little bit bigger. God does not give up. But God comes stops the judgment. Amen. Waits another 30 year though it's not in the plan of God because he said 400 but God changed his mind because the situation did not allow him to go. God thinks strategically. God waits until we are ready. Amen. God therefore sometime you have a good person. He's a good minister in a church. A young man. Amen. Sometime the boy is ready. God is ready but the church cannot receive him. So the boy needs just patience to sit and wait until God changes the heart of that church to receive it. There's great power in patience. Yeah, great power because God's gift find anyhow their place but never force nothing. God will not make a mistake. God doesn't give up because he's a pastor. A pastor cannot give up. Amen. Cannot. And father cannot give up. No way. God is the greatest father. He said he doesn't say okay now that's your problem. I send I kept my word. You do whatever you want. There's no up. No. He's a father. He said they are my children. I have to even break my own word, wait and come back. Did you know that before? God knows all things. Remember the Bible is the revelation of Jesus Christ. God wants to reveal his way of thinking. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Here it is. Now 1962 is this the sign of the answer. Amen. We have six dreams and we have the vision that brother Brandham had. Now the food, that was sister Collins's dream. Now the food, the bride isn't perfect, but the bridegroom is perfect. The bride is not perfect yet, but the food that was given being given was not literal food. It's spiritual food that you have been wave having all along. Now I want to ask you a question. Was the bride ready 1963 for the rapture? No. Was the bride ready 1965 for the rapture? She was not ready. Was the bride ready 1977 for the rapture? She was not ready. Was the bride ready in 2024 for the rapture? Was not ready. Brother Marcus, when will be the rapture? When the bride is ready and God will wait until all his children are ready to go. If it's tomorrow, if it's ne all the calculation, let's be honest with one another. All were wrong. All were wrong. Okay. When will be the rapture? When the bride is ready, we're going. Not one day before. Can you say amen? Amen. Was the bride ready 1977? No, it was not ready. Did God want to be them ready? Yeah. But he saw they are not ready. So what we have to do the same like for Israel the same biblical principle God breaks his own word so that his judgment so that it shouldn't come home. Have you ever thought about the ark of Noah all the animal must be in the ark. Okay. So here's the ice spear. Okay. He takes 30 years. Okay. To go to the ark. Okay. And here's the kangaroo coming from from from Australia. Okay. He's looking. He's just the pier of fire comes. He said, "Look, there's a flood coming and uh you follow the direction. I will send an angel before you. He will lead you." And the camel uh the the kangaroo takes his wife and said, "We have to go into the ark because destruction comes." God was not nervous. God didn't say at a certain point, "Okay, the ar the ark is now closed. That's your problem." No. Okay, I set a date. God doesn't set dates. God is waiting until every animal is in the ark. And God waits for the rapture till all his children are ready to go. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, the bride isn't perfect. The bride isn't perfect until now because the rapture is when the bride is ready. Amen. Can you say amen? That is for me one biblical explanation how God sometimes says thus says the Lord and he doesn't fulfill. And people say the prophet was wrong. No, it was not wrong. You must read the Bible how God acted in the past. God is not dogmatic. He's he's he's he puts never a dogma over a soul. First the soul of a person. Can you say amen? That's our father. Amen. Therefore, he said legalism will never make it. You must understand God is a God of the second chance. Never wipe nobody off. Maybe God has another plan for him. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. I never wipe yourself off. Brother Marcus, will you make the rapture? I believe I make the rapture. How can you make it? By God's grace. By God's grace. I think it was Tony Upma who told us that story. You must understand the the the the the resurrection is an event and is a person. Jesus said, "I am the resurrection." The rapture is an event and is a person. The bride can say, "I am the rapture." Definitely. She is is is in her. He was one I think it was Tony Atma. He was in Canada and he was just running to the to the to to the to to the to to the plane and he was a man just walking beside him. He said, "Yes, we have to go to the plane." I think it was Calgary or Montreal or whatever and we come too late. And the man was a stranger said, "No, you don't come. You don't come too late. You make it with the plane." No, no, no. It's already boarding time. We don't make it and we have to run and you have to hurry up. He said, "We don't have to hurry up. We make it." And the man, and brother Tony said, "How do you know that you make it?" He said, "I'm the pilot. I'm the pilot. There's so many people in the message, they are afraid of the rapture. Now the new pope comes and and they're afraid of what is what is we are the rapture. It lays in us. Amen. I don't have I don't have to read the news. That's fine. But I have to see what God does right now in in his right. That's the time clock for me. Can you say amen? Don't be traumatized because of whatever comes. I'm in I'm at lace. If you come from God, he will not forget you. That's right. cannot forget you because God is not anymore complete without you. Cannot forget you. I mean he sometime loses he he throws away from 100 sheep just to find that one sheep. You can say I mean if 99 or no no it's he will not forget one of his children. Can you say amen? Please make the next one. What a father we have. I'm hurrying through. Now look, God can make a thus says the Lord and the fulfillment is already in the past because his his ways are way higher than our ways. That's what the Bible says. Here's brother Bren warning then judgment. And he explains all the time how God works, how he thinks. Now here's that woman. They are backsliden. I say it in my own words. They're backsliden. And the woman she she's pregnant and the baby died in the womb as far as I understand from that story and she must be operate but the operation cannot be done. Okay. So the woman they call for brother Brandham and brother Brandham prays for that girl and the girl gives her heart to the Lord Jesus and the family gives her heart to the Lord Jesus. They all backsliding, give their heart to the Lord Jesus. And brother Brandon prays for that girl and the girl gets healed and it's a great thing in the family. So he has to go on a certain mission trip and what happened is in the meantime the girl tells her mother, "Mama, I'm going home." The mama says, "Yes, sure you're going home. Brother Brandon prayed for you." The doctor said, "You are healed." She said, she said, "No, I'm dying. I'm going home to my heavenly home." Mama said, "No, no, brother Brandon prayed for it. Couldn't be." And after some minutes he passed away. Brother Brham said this. He heard and I don't know what caused me to do but I said Lord you owe me an understanding after me going out there telling that husband him coming to the Lord after you have done these things for him and all that and then take that girls like that. I said you owe me an understanding. When you tell God something like this he will leave you sitting alone. He don't owe me nothing. I'm in debt to him. Well, he just let me put out for a days, you know, and after about 3 or 4 months, one day I was out on the creek bank and the Lord spoke to me in a vision and said, "Now go to her mother and say this to her mother. Did not her time come the year before that when she was drowning in a creek on a picnic? She should have went at that time, but I had to take her when she was ready to go." And that's why all this happened. and why you went out there. Then I got down and cried. I said, "Lord Jesus, forgive me. Your poor stupid servant." I remember I was sitting in my car and I heard when brother Ben start to cry at that at that. And I cried with him. How God so many time is misunderstood. You understand? Brother Bam said you will live and the fulfillment was already a year ago. Time means nothing for God. God is thinking in other fears. His ways are way above our ways. Brother, I tell you one thing. Sometime God takes teenagers and we don't understand that. But God calls a man and a woman at its best because it's our father. God takes children. God tells young takes young people. We don't understand it. We have a we have a we have a right to to mourn but we don't have a right to be critical with God. You can only say God you know better. God sometime takes children. He knows what he does. God calls a person at his best time. Can you say amen brother? Amen. Sometime we think we think human I knock on the pulpit and we hear the sound but God can make the sound before I knock on it because he is the author of time of space of everything. Amen. God's ways are way higher than our ways. Can you say amen? One thing is sure. Amen. God does not make mistakes. He calls a man at his best. He calls a woman at the best moment. Therefore, I always say be prepared in your life. Amen. Tell the young people always if you want to do something for God, do it now. You don't know if you have a tomorrow. And I always think by myself, I'm we're getting a little bit older. Amen. One day we stand before the Lord. We want to have a good testimony before the young people. Amen. not not that kind of of of of selfish things and that young people could say he was a good minister but look I give you an example we had a good minister in our in our community our church and the young people said he's a good minister but he can even he cannot even lose table tennis match that was that was the personality he could not even lose one table tennis match then it was too much for him but when it comes to the preaching skills he was good I thought by myself we must understand these young people they are watching on us how we react, how we get critics under our controls, how we deal with opposition, how we react. And the young people have a right to watch us. Amen. Look, brother, we we don't want to become just gray in the message. We want to become mature in the message. We want to be changed. A not these youngsters that we were years ago. We want to deal with God's people and God's word in a in a in in a matured way. Can you say amen? Amen. You see, Amen. Tell her the girl should have died one year ago, but the girl was not ready yet. Go. Brother B made some assumptions to God. But when he heard how God's plan was, he started just crying. Amen. What a father we have. God is more interested in our soul than we are sometime interested in our soul. Brother Bram said, "God wants to give you more the Holy Ghost than you expect to have the Holy Ghost." Amen. Can you say amen? Please make the next one. I'm hurrying through. Amen. Here we go. Amen. What a beautiful thing. Can God correct himself? He loves to do this. God is not changing his mind about his word. That is please speak about Balum. But about situation that people understand I'm a living God. I'm not a statue. I'm a father. You can talk with me. Brother, when we were younger, we we we just had Muslimic worship. Okay. Amen. Let me say we came to church. Oh heavenly father, you are great and you are great brother. Every Muslim can do this. Do you want your children come to you come home from your work and your children oh father comes home he has the money. We can go to Amazon. Thank you father. And you want your children to grab you. And I hope it's the same for you. And as we become a little bit older we have another relationship to the Lord Jesus. Sometime just during the day I'm I'm just there and I hope you don't misunderstood when I say this but I said heavenly father I I love you so much. Is there anything that I could do that that would please you today I mean that time of legalistic thing is over. You cannot earn the rapture. You are the rapture unmmerited. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Can I do something for your children? Maybe I can help a weak a weak child and just be a blessing. Brother Bram said, "If you love me, help my children." Does God says the same thing? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. A lady in my church, Brother Bea, Miss Weber, she was dying with tuberculosis. She was in the sanatorium at the last stages. They sent her home to die. Said there is nothing could be done for her. Miss Grace Weber in Jeffersonville. She lived just beyond the tabernacle. She had got five or six children. So the angel, look, thus sayaith the Lord. So the angel of the Lord come to me that night said, "Go tell Mrs. Weber, tell Mr. Weber rather, to get things ready for he's going to be left with those children on his hands for his wife is going." Well, I went and told Mr. Weber, I told this little girl, little Jean Rose, which is a nurse now. She was a little bitty fellow then. She's a young lady now, seven years ago or more. I said, "Jeanie, your mother is going to die." According what the angel said she can't live but a little while longer and two days after that or three days there was some ladies from the government depot where they were worked come in work there and come in and she and Grace Mrs. Weber said, "If I could only have brother Bill to pray for me once more." She said, "I have seen my cousin Opal was healed with the cancer and the doctor just give her till morning to live and her daughter is a nurse also." Please make the next one. Said, "And that girl out from the government where she worked with her said there ain't nothing to that guy. Said he is nothing but a hypocrite. That's our religion. It's just a bunch of fanaticism. And so Mrs. Weber said, "Look, I'm dying. You must see the scenery." I mean, here she is. And she hears what these girls and I see her. I tell you one thing. I have no voice, but I will not stand still for that thing. Amen. Amen. A She said, "I lived here around that city, around that man all the time. I seen him from a child grown up." She said, "You can call it fake if you want to, but I have seen just so much and seeing God heal the people." She said, "And I know the man's life, and I know it's the truth." And it happened to be the angel of the Lord heard that the very night sitting on the side of my chair the room after I got up and went went got a drink of water about 3:00 in the morning sitting on the chair I see him coming walking through the door said tomorrow they are going to pick Miss Weber up bring her down she will be sitting on the right hand side far back in the tabernacle said I heard her and tell her I heard her what she said and tell her, "Thus says the Lord, she will live and not die. There you are. You can go down see her if you like to." About seven years ago, his presence was there when she was taking up for what was right. His presence was there. He found her. So he come and told me what she had said. And she said to these women and said, "And he had respect to her because she had respect to what was representing God. So God will do the same thing for you, not to respect me, but to respect to him, to Christ, the one who died for your healing. If you just give respect to him and his word, God will do the work for you. Amen. Look, God comes to the prophet said, "Thus sayaith the Lord, prepare her. She will die." Didn't he know before? Sure. But God loves to interact on our action. God loves to bless. That's his nature. God loves to forgive. That's his that's his DNA. God loves to reward. Look the look the book of Revelation. Everything is a reward. God loves to reward. And here he knows what he does. Comes to brother Brham. Tell her thus says the Lord she will die. Did he know before? Sure. But he loved to bring his children into an action so he can reveal himself as the almighty God. And look how beautiful he was there when she took up a stand for the word. I always tell this young people if you are alone in school you are always in the majority. Amen. Because if God is with you, you are just in the majority. And look how God knows the future. The angel comes and tells she will be sitting tomorrow way back in the tabernacle. God knows where you are sitting next Sunday. God sees you in the rapture. Therefore, he says, "I call you bright." You say, "I don't believe it for myself." God say, "I see you already there." Therefore, brother Brandham says, "Quickening power brought me behind the curtain of time and I've seen all of you there." I said, "He must have seen me." How you can prove it? My love to the message of the hour and to the word of the Lord must be a proof that my I must be one of them. Can you say amen? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So what happens is this. It matters to serve the Lord. Amen. The doctor says to you, uh, you are dying. You say, I will talk with my father about that. Amen. I I heard the diagnosis. I talked with my father. I'm not dying because of that cancer. Amen. Brother Ram said, "A Christian cannot die because of a sickness. A Christian dies because his time is up. God calls him home." Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Whatever comes in your life, you talk with your father. I have a father. He knows all things. She took up for the Lord and God, the angel of the Lord was there. Did he know that before? Sure. I mean, God is the author of the whole universe. But remember, God wants to show his ways. Amen. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery of God shall be revealed. Can you say amen? Please make the next one. come to the end. Amen. Amen. Look at this. You remember we were talking about this. Amen. The little girl last time I remember I saw the picture from my last presentation. That's not the grandfather. That's what that's the father of that little girl, but he has cancer. There's no time to live anymore. He's an unbeliever. It's over there. I think it was in Holland. But what they did is that little girl is his daughter. And the father knows one thing. I will not be there for her wedding. Amen. But so what they did they were playing wedding till she receive till she arrived at the altar and they stopped that wedding there and when she will marry one day they will continue the wedding from that point on so that she can say my own father brought me. Father mother that is here never underestimate your position. You mean a lot to your children. You say, "I'm dead." No, no. You mean a lot to your children. They need you. They need, brother, sister. We live in a sick society. Brother Ramy said, "The only normal people will be those with the Holy Ghost." We live in a sick society. And the rem remedy against sick society is healthy families. Legalism will never make it. Healthy family where love reigns the family. healthy churches full of compassion, full of empathy, full of heart, full of soul. Mix that message with a lot of heart of soul and says I love you Lord and I lift my voice. I'm a little bit of of of feeling brother. Sometime God gives difficult character in our churches just he wants to see if we can handle these kind of characters or if we kick them out. Amen. Amen. God wants to see if we can handle these people. They are uncomplicated. They are complicated. uncomfortable but we have enough Holy Ghost to take that sit situation under our situation. Can you say amen? We all love that. We all love to have a family you know like the old the old holiness movement. Here's the father, mother and here are the children and all come to church and all that. But sometime God gives us difficult children I tell you one thing. It's a little secret. Amen. My my my my my my girl. Amen. I understood our children are our brothers and sisters. Even the little ones, if you have a car accident on the other side, you have the same size of a theophony. They are our brothers and sisters. We just had the privilege to help them a little bit in life, but they they don't we don't own them. Amen. They are God's children, not our children. I told my daughter, I said, "Honey, look, I cannot I" and and she has always been a darling. I said, "Honey, I want to tell you one thing. I believe that God put you in our family and I don't know how your future is. You see, we want to live a life before you that that you love the Lord Jesus. Okay? But maybe you you will become a Muslim one day. I be so and I even said this and I hope that you understand. He says maybe you become a homosexual. Amen. But never forget one thing. Daddy will always be your daddy. Always. I will never let you down. Never. I will never I will not I will not be agreeing with your lifestyle. You know that. But but daddy and you we are always friends and my door is always open because God put us together. And by that she said it took so much religious pressure from us. You know one thing I mean when I was an unbeliever I could dance like Michael Jackson. I could I could make the moonwalk. My daughter said never make it behind the pullpit. I said no I would never. She always said don't be so embarrassing but I could dance like Michael Jackson. I can show you but I'm not. and all and all the and all the demon world said look what what what what what a what a loser is this and my father in heaven always said no that's my son he doesn't know who he is but wait until I will reveal myself in heaven was never ashamed of me why should I be ashamed of my own daughter said honey maybe I don't and then she gave her heart to the lord at at 17 and look I tell you one thing what we did every Sunday and and many times showed on youth cam what how people come to church and so forth but every Sunday we were half half an hour before and as a family we were all kneeling at the altar like brother Bram said laid our hands my wife and me around our daughter heavenly father one day you will call her one day you will bless her help us bless the pastor every Sunday and when she was 13 14 15 there was no question asked because I believe my own prayer brother Ram said God believes his own word we believe our own prayer and leave it up to God in your time you do everything wonderful can you Say amen. Brother Hammond, I tell you one thing. This is a generation who can break that cycle of traditions of bad upbringings of of life e complexes in family. I can see certain strains in families through generation and and they could never find a solution. But this generation finds a solution because we have the open word. We can understand who we are and the power that lays in us. That brother Brandon could say I'm not anymore the child the child of Charles and Ella Brandham. This is just the outside man, but the inside man comes from God. Can you say amen? I'm hurrying through God a father. I don't know if I preach today if 197 if if this was the answer. But I tell you that was the biblical answer. I can show you that is how God always reacted when people were not ready. God was just waiting until because he's a father. Okay. So, so here's what brother Brand says. He speaks about the third point. Now there is another far greater I have to make it clear. Amen. I'm completely against homosexuality. That's that's for sure. Okay. Now there's no question about it as a spirit. Okay. Not no it's sodomic. No no but the soul of a person. Amen. God doesn't love sin but he loves the sinner. That we please make the difference. Okay. This distinction. Okay. H. Okay. But I told my daughter look whatever comes your way you become a Muslim. Daddy will always be your daddy. Okay? Because we are not helping the youngsters by despising them. So we have to throw them out. I'm hope I'm happy my heavenly father never throwed me out. He gave me a hand when I was down in in sin and I want to be exactly that way. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Here's God. Amen. Third pull. Brother Bland. Now there is a another one far greater than all the rest of them put together. Already confirmed and ready. I hope it happens tonight. I just may say this. I don't have the time to explain it to you, but the brethren who does know about it is wonderful. It would be such a great thing for the people. And I'm grateful to God that the hour is soon at hand when God is going to help his children. Especially, it will be for those who can't muster the faith to raise up and got a hold of God like they should. Isn't that wonderful? Brother Freddy Mercury is singing. We are the champions. No time for loser. But this message has time for losers. This message has a solution for people who are standing in their own way because I was too long. Brother, I tell you one thing for my own life. We were never in a wrong doctrine. But I have too many years in my life where I was just carnal. Just carnal. Just a carnal message believer acting carnal, thinking carnal. And one time really God spoke to me. He said, "Marcus, you have to grow. You have to come out of the kinder shoes, children's shoes. You have to grow into a maturity because because I mean and I understood I was never lost but God couldn't do much with me because it was too carnal. He said this and he was that and my no I said Lord let let me grow. Let me come into a vision then I can be of help. God loves to help his children and the weaker you are the more God loves to help you. Amen. You see especially it will be for those who can't mess the faith to raise up and get a hold of God like they should. I believe the Lord is providing a way for us now to take care of them. Also, some run into faith that they can just reach over receive anything. There's great faith. Some of them has mustard seed faith and has to wait so long to get through. I believe the Lord is making a way for those people now. I don't know when it will be, but it will be just as certain as I'm standing here. And brother Brandon speaks about the third pull. The third point is not to make us more arrogant. It's to understand how God sees the scenery. And now we see ourself. You say, "And we can sing I have a father and we see amen." If the musicians would come, I mean, brother Brandham was so beautiful. Amen. He spoke about the prophet Elijah. And Elijah was such a And I'm finishing up with two thoughts and then we we we're we're up. Are we? Do you love the Lord Jesus? Isn't he wonderful? This message showed us what a father is. I said, I already said, Lord, if I can be just half of a father to my own daughter like you were unto me, I'm a good man. Amen. If I can just learn from you, therefore, Jesus said, learn from me. Yeah. Yeah. Because we were we we we we know how to how to make discipline. We were very strong in disciplining. But a father is more than just disciplining. We're not corporals. We're not sergeants. We must we must give a a heart, a soul to them. Definitely a soul. Come on. Brother Bren speaks of the prophet Elijah. He was so discouraged. A man just how do you call it? Depressed. And when he was when he just wanted to die, I remember there was an angel coming down with something to eat. And brother Bram said, I wanted to know what was what were the vitamins in those cookies. This is what he says. Because for 40 days and 40 nights Elijah was running. You must understand one thing. This message that we believe is Red Bull. Amen. It's Red Bull. There's power in this message. And we're running for 40 days and 40 nights. Amen. To the rapture and to the million to the great things hereafter. It's a person. Remember what happened to the prophet Elijah and to what happened in Revelation chapter 10 when the angel comes down with a book to eat and we become that book. Amen. And brother Ram said this quote. Amen. Wonderful for me. Yeah. For us weaklings, for us losers, it gives me strength to say Marcus you make it because God makes it in us. He says, "If you did your best and you cannot move on, God is obligated to send that same angel to you." That makes that gospel personal to me. God is not standing there and said, "We will see who make the rapture." That God comes down said, "I help you. We make it together." Revelation chapter 10. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The great person in our generation is not William Brandham anymore. It's the Lord Jesus Christ. But not only the man at the cross, the man who came down to bring us home. He's the way. Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that Isn't that Isn't what a father we have? Who want to be boasting? Who want to be the man of the hour for for the bride? Christ is the man of the hour. Oh, we find our bridegroom. We fall in love with the word. And if do you know this nicely the song uh the goodness of God. Isn't that wonderful? We sing a lot of denominational songs. That's fine. But we sing them different. We sing the same song. We sing when we sing He is here. Hallelujah. We sing it different. Let me finish with a little story and then I'm really finished. Did I say something wrong? All is well. It's a true story, but it shows how great our father is. Amen. In the Anglican church in the beginning of last century, there was a runner by the name of Eric Liddell. And remember the Pentecostals 100 years ago, they were the eagles of their time. Don't miss. No, they were the eagles of their time. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Okay. Huh? And he was a professional runner and he was a preacher in the Anglican church. Eric Liddell, they call him the locomotive of England. Yeah. There's a film Chariots of Fire around the man. Amen. And he he was in the two finals for the Olympic game. I I think he was in Paris. I'm not very positive. 24 I think around 20 or 12 something like this, please. Beginning of last century. And he was the absolute favorite for the first final. Amen. But he refused to run. He said, "No, that final is on a Sunday. We're not running on a Sunday. No, we refuse to run. Just I mean, God sees that. God honest that you see and then he was in the final but he had no chance on a Tuesday on a Wednesday and while he prepared for his run the I think it was the American coach came to him and gave him a little piece of paper and he put that paper in his little pocket and the race started and they the eyewitnesses said he was like a tour behind that man he was winning Olympic gold having no chance. Amen. And after after he was the ceremony was over, he remembered that little piece of paper that the American coach gave to him and it was a leaflet from the Bible. It's a story of Samuel which says, "I honor those that honor me." Brother, it matters to serve the Lord. He's a very present help in time of trouble. It matters to make things right with God because God loves to forgive. Amen. Amen. Just tell him, Lord, that's my greatest weakness. God says, I know. Amen. What a father we have. What a what a friend in life we have, brother. We cannot leave the message. Where should I go? There's nobody who loves me like the Lord Jesus. No. Where should I go? In which church should I go? Amen. I told my daughter, I said, "Honey, you can go in the things of the world, but we will find nothing because we come from the world." Um, this message is much more than just indoctrinating people with some seals and so forth. This message reveals who the Lord Jesus is. In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery of God shall be revealed. Have you ever read the the generations book? You see, and you can see many of the conclusions is is is not very spiritual, but you can see how people were impressed by the man William Brand. They love that man William Brandham so much. They were so impressed by just and I always said if William Brandham must have been such a wonderful man what about the Lord Jesus? You take this plus 100 plus thousand trust me that must be our Lord. Amen. Amen. I tell this and please don't forget this. We are the only people on this earth who doesn't have a religion. We have a father. Amen. Amen. Don't make that message to be a religion. It is not meant to be a religion. It's not a cult. It's not a denomination. It is a relationship between a heavenly father. For the first time, we understand God. Amen. We understand God better than Adam in the Garden of Eden. We understand his ways in the thousand millions of time brother thousands of time brother said is that all true? Amen. You come from this city. But in the third pool, God reveals the back part of the mind of God. And now we understand our father. We don't fear him. We reverence him. Ah, we love him more. The more he reveals, the more we see, Lord, you are so wonderful. What a wonderful thing it is. Can you say amen? Therefore, man, I want to tell you this, and I think brother Paul agrees with me. It's a pleasure to preach the message because it sets people free. It's a pleasure to be a message believer. It's not It's not hard at all. It's a pleasure to be part of the economy of God. I will not change it for anything. Can you say amen? Unmmerited grace. Do we have the song? God bless you. Amen. I love you, Lord, [Music] for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my hands. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I I love your voice. Yeah, maybe even this evening. You have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You are close like no other. Oh, I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am made, oh, I will sing. I love your voice. The goodness of God. I love his voice. I love your voice. [Music] You have led me through the fire. Our father brought us darkest nights. You are close like no other. Oh, I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh my life. All my life you have been. [Music] Yes. All my life you have been so good. Every breath that I am made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. If that is fine for you before the prayer, do you have the song Jesus lamb of God? Can we sing it? I know it's a little bit later, brother Paul. I don't want to be disrespectful, but it's just a a wonderful response to Amen. Then we have a word of prayer. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. [Music] seeking you as a precious jewel. Lord, to give up. I can be a fool. You are my all in all. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, the lamb of God. [Music] Worthy is your name. Yes. Yes. He's taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my all in all. Thank you, Lord. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. For you are my all. [Music] Oh Jesus, the lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Jesus, the lamb of God, worthy is your name. While the music is softly playing, I want to ask you to just all sit down. We are praying together. Please sit down. And I was while our heads are bowed and I please ask not to film at that moment. I want the youngsters to stand up. If you want to ask the Lord Jesus to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, said the heavenly father, I want to have a friend in my life. I want to I I I need someone who takes my hand in all situations of my life. I'm a weak person, maybe weak in my psyche, weak in my this, but I want to ask you just be my friend. Just lead me and guide me. I want you just to stand up before the Lord. Those who seek the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And while we are praying, heavenly father, amen, God bless you. God bless you, young girl. Amen. Heavenly Father, just a moment, a solemn moment. It was longer than I thought. I asked the congregation for forgiveness. I want to be a respectful man, but it seems that I forgot the time. Lord, I don't want to be that way, but it seemed that you want to talk to some of these youngsters. Father, may you bless each and everyone, Father, and those who are standing up. Fill them with the Holy Ghost. Father, you have your time for them. Maybe it's not this evening, but you're just standing before you say, "I need it. I want it. I don't want to be just a a message believer. I want to have the person that this brother Brandham just just just presented to us, Father. May you may you fill them with your good Holy Ghost. May you lead them and guide them. Father, I know I was not preaching emotional this evening. Was just a little teaching of understanding how God thinks and you answer to their heart. And Lord, you made the you made the you are you are calling each and everyone in your time father. So bless them, fill them, guide them and lead them father on a just simple Wednesday evening service. And father all of us that are here let us learn from you. Lord we made so much mistakes with our carnality with our humanity and we we made so much damage in our lives. Lord, let these last years that we have to live, let we live for the glory and for the honor of the Lord, let us become a blessing for the bride. Father, maybe people see things different than us, but let us treat people like you are treating them. You have patience with people. You are long you're longsuffering. You have patience. Father, you understand upbringings. You understand people, Father. Don't let us be too judgmental because we understand that you have a bigger view on a person's life. Father, take our lives. And I want to ask for my most noble brother, brother Paul, for this church, the ministers that are here. Bless them. They are already blessed, Father, but let them be more blessed even in a greater way, Father. And let this church prosper. Let it be a a lighthouse for a dying world father for a people who suffer that they always come here and feel home with all their burdens with all their problem but I'm home I'm in the house of my father and my father takes care of situations father we thank you for this moment of consecration and we commit our lives into your hands ask it in the name of the lord Jesus Christ and I want the youngsters to sit down for who are standing up for the baptism of the holy Holy Ghost and God saw your action. That was just before the unseen world. Amen. And God bless you all. I give over to the pastor again, brother Paul. I don't want to be disrespectful. I forgot the time. Shalom. Great. Shalom. Praise God. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. I have uh I don't want to add to anything to that tonight. I just want to say I've been glad to be in the house of the Lord. I've been glad to be here. Make can raise your hand to your heavenly father and say you've come in touch with the father tonight. No doubt about it. God bless you as you're dismissed in Jesus name. Gideon can sing somewhere you can worship. But I don't want to add to that. The Lord has spoken. The Lord has spoken to many lives. And uh I just think that we should say, "Father, I want to love you even." Oh yes, father. I want to This message is the revealing of your heavenly father and that you're a son and daughter of God. And is there anything more complicated than that? Yes. It's it's of of the Lord. How many appreciate our brother coming? Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Praise the Lord. God bless you. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, and I've heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like, but I heard the tender whispers of love in the dead of night. And you tell me that you're pleased and that I'm never alone. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Your good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, and I've seen many searching for answers far and wide. But I know we're all searching for answers. Only you proide. cuz you know just what we need before we say your word. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, it's who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, it's who I am. Cuz you're perfect in all of your ways. Yes, you're perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. Oh, you are. You're perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. who are. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. And you're perfect. You're perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. am. It's who I am. Your good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm in love by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am.
