################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-01 - 2025.10.01 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Understanding Our Thirsts - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-01
Title:    2025.10.01 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Understanding Our Thirsts
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhYb6sigakA
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening Worship
2:51 Preservice Worship
4:18 Opening Prayer
4:38 Preservice Worship
22:42 Sermon
1:24:22 Postservice Worship
1:27:01 Closing Prayer
1:29:11 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Halleluah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Do you feel good? [Music] hearts are mened In the presence [Music] of the Can we all stand and sing that chorus again? In the presence. This is where we want to be. Lord in the presence [Music] of Jehovah [Music] God Almighty. Yes, you are Lord, Prince of Peace. TR [Music] are in the presence [Music] of the Ian, would you Ian, would you come up and lead us in a word of prayer tonight? [Music] Lord, it's wonderful to be in your presence once again. I just ask that you bless the the preaching tonight from Brother Paul, Lord, and the hearts that are gathered together. Just watch over every need and be with us this this week, Lord. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise you, Lord. It's good to be in his house. Let's do let's do one. I love that song. Let's let's just sing that verse tonight. In and out of situation. [Music] Oh, a tug of war at me. Oh yes, just think about it now. Oh, and all day long I struggle for the answers that I need. But then I come into his presence. Don't you know all my questions are clear? And for that sacred moment, [Music] no doubt can interfere. Let go now. The praise [Music] of Jehovah, [Music] God Almighty, the Prince of Peace. Trles fles vanish and hearts are mened [Music] in the presence. [Music] Thank you, Lord of the King. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. We long to be in that presence more and more each day. Thank you, Lord God. Amen. Let's go around tonight and just greet each other on this Wednesday night. We're happy to be here. Josiah, I miss when the baby was that small. I'm starting to walk like this with the carrier. I'm like, this is how Leo's getting too big now. Praise the Lord. Anyhow, we'll sing this one. Uh, in the name of Jesus, KF, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. Oh, when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. [Music] In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] Oh, the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. Where we come in the name of Jesus? Tell me who can stand before. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Last time in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Oh, when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me can stand before the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind. Oh, victory today is my victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. I want Satan to get me. Victory today is mine. Hallelujah. Keep real quick. Keep see it's it's Oh my goodness. Oh my god. Wow. Jeez. Oh, I was just all tired on Wednesday night. We're going to get this though. Maybe we're back in F. Go back to F. It's not by It was right there. Stay there, Gideon. It's not by mine. It's not by power, but my spirit, say the Lord. Hallelujah. It's not by might nor by power my spirit. Say the Lord. This mountain, oh, this mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed by my spirit. S. It's not my mind. It's not my God, but the spirit say the Lord. No, it's not my God. Oh, no. My God. Oh, by my spirit, say the Lord. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. By my spirit, say the Lord. You believe that tonight? Praise God. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. KFC. Now we'll do KFC. You are gone alone from before time began. You were on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times in bad you are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. See, you are God alone. From before time, you were on your throne. Lord, you are God alone. And right there in the good times in bad you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Sing now. Oh, you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God intended on any more man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. It's just the way it is. You are God from before time. You are on your throne. You are God. Oh, [Music] good times. You are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. Hallelujah. Full. You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of anything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. And you are God from before time. You are on your Lord. You are God. [Music] You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] You are God. [Music] You are God and right now in the good times and you are on your throne. You are God. You are God alone. from before time be you on your throne. You are God and right now in the good times and bad. Hallelujah. You You're still on your throne. You are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. Unchangeable. Unshakeable. Yes, Lord. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. Give the Lord some praise tonight. Hallelujah. You never change, Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord. Thank you, God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. As the prayer request will come tonight, praise God, man. That encouraged me tonight that he's unshakable. Amen. I remember Brother Ron uh Spencer said it like this. Um, God is never in a crisis. When we're in our crisis, he's never in a crisis. He knows exactly what he purposed you to to go through. Amen. And he's never shaken. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. What a rock we can just we can stand on. Praise the Lord. Thank you, God. Amen. Give after tonight is the prayer request will come. Go up. Go up to G. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Can you sing praises, oh Lord, for your name, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Sing that again. Oh, I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. This one. There is a longing only you can fill. A raging tempest only you can still. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I know. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Let that be your desire. Just take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Lord, I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Sunrise to sunrise, sunrise to sunrise. Lord, I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide here in your presence. Forever satisfied. Take me deeper, deeper in love, Jesus. Your embrace. Thank you, Lord. You take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. love you more and more how I long. Oh, can we sing it one more time and make it our deepest prayer tonight? Lord, take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close to your embrace. Come and teach us tonight, Lord. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Amen. Praise be to God. That's our desire tonight from the depths of our hearts to him. And the word is never has it's an inexhaustible fountain and it never uh can never you just always sat never satisfi you are satisfied but there's always more he has for us. So that's &gt;&gt; 2 Corinthians chapter 2 and just uh one verse in verse 11. Lest Satan should get an advantage of us for we are not ignorant of his devices. Just hold that scripture in your heart. less Satan should get an advant how many would say I don't want Satan to have the advantage on me I want to have the advantage on the devil and then he says we are not ignorant of his devices there's another scripture I found this afternoon Proverbs chapter 20 and verse 5 and is related to the subject tonight and uh never seen this before but just one little scripture that has some good depth to it Proverbs 20 and verse 5 counsel in the heart of man is like deep water, but a man of understanding will draw out. Counsel in the heart of is like deep water, but a a man of understanding will draw out. The very reason uh that he's drawing out and going to the right fountain and actually doing the exercise of drawing out means that he's a man of understanding. He's a man of understanding to know what he needs. He's a man of understanding that knows where to go to get what he needs and he goes and gets it. He draws it out. And in our talk about uh our thirst, we want to continue on with that tonight. I thought that was a wonderful scripture. A man of understanding will not just know that he has a thirst, but he'll actually go draw out of the well that will quench the thirst. All of us will do that. Heavenly Father, bless your word and strengthen the people of God tonight wherever they may be listening here or abroad. We commit the service to you and our lives to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Thanks for coming tonight. Thanks for listening in and may the Lord bleach bless each and every one of us. Um 2 Corinthians chapter 2 and 11 talking about the the devil having an advantage over us. Um, I I guess if I were to reward it tonight, I would say that ignorance, when he says we're not ignorant of Satan's devices, then it's really saying that when we have ignorance, it puts us as at a disadvantage to the enemy. So, the thing that causes us to have a disadvantage on the uh from the enemy is that we have a lack of understanding. God does not want us to be ignorant. And the first thing that he wants to deposit in us is revelation. How many know revelation goes beyond head knowledge? It's not just that you understand something up here, but it's a it's something he drops right from his throne uh and he gives it to us. But that doesn't cancel out God using our our thinking and stuff to influence because the mind is the womb to the soul. So it has to start somewhere. So you don't say, "Well, I just need a revelation and everything else." No. Uh the scripture says that we would be transformed by the renewing of our mind. So our thinking and our minds as a matter of fact that's the thing that gets in the way sometimes even of revelation is our own thinking and the way we think about stuff. So now ignorance whether it's a a lack of revelation or a lack of understanding of uh seeing things causes the devil to have an advantage over us. And Paul is just real clear less Satan should have an advantage. We don't want the enemy, any of us, we don't want the enemy to have an advantage over our lives. And thus, we don't want to be ignorant of his devices. Um, and I preach to young people about that because we have many devices today, but it's not just devices of phones and iPads and everything else and computers. Uh, that's devices as we know it. But Satan's devices is tr trickery and the tricks and the and his ways. Satan's ways. how he deceives, how he tempts, his manner, how he gets at you, how he can just put the right thing in front of you to tempt you. And it's not just tempting everybody else. You actually learn how he tempts you. Because remember, we were saying last Wednesday night that you're unique. You're different. Satan has studied you. And so now he knows how to trick or try to tempt you, even you individually. He knows what makes you fall. He knows what makes you get up. He knows what uh uh ma makes you tick because he's studied you. So now when Satan is ahead of us in understanding deep things or the depth of ourselves, he can have the advantage over us. And that's my theme. So I want to just add a bit of teaching to last Wednesday night. We also spoke a little bit of these things very more specific to the men as the women weren't there and we were able to be uh pretty open with them about this and a man's thirst and uh how Satan tries to fill a man's thirst uniquely to a man. And he does the same thing to a woman too. her thirst. So, we'll talk about that tonight just a little bit. But, uh, we spoke down there at God filling a man's thirst, deepest thirst. And so, uh, tonight I want to go back over some things and some of this be will be a little bit of repeat from last Tuesday night, but I want to just bring you back into thinking about it. There are God-given thirst that God has placed within us. They are God-given. He gave them to us. We are are born with those things. And because they come from God, they're not impure. They're actually pure. They start out pure. Um, we have thirsts within us and longings and needs within us, both natural and spiritual. Um, we have physical thirst. We have emotional thirst that are within us. And then we have spiritual as well. And they are all needs that are within us. And then we learned last Wednesday that there are levels of these thirst. There are some that's on the outside a thirst or a hungry a hunger to be fed. In other words, we get hungry. uh that's in the body and then in our emotions of five uh inlets to the emotions of see taste feel smell here but the emotional the spirit realm has five inlets of memory imagination conscious effects and reasoning. So in those in our spirit is actually um like a vacuum or it it actually is a thirst within us something that we need in those areas. And so now there are levels cuz some are services, some are deep and some needs that we have are obvious. And you'll remember I went through this last Wednesday night. So just pretend you haven't heard it before. Just shout amen like it's the first time you ever heard it. Some needs that you have are obvious and the warning signs are obvious. the alarms and so you get hungry of course the alarm goes off on the inside so it's obvious you need to get something to eat. Some needs are deeper in our life like spiritual emotional and they're not as easily detected. They're not as easily seen and the alarm maybe you can't hear it as strong. So that's why we have to go on a journey to to say Lord show me my needs. Let me go to you with my needs and let me understand the thirsts that are within me. Some needs are deeper than our spirit and they're harder to detect and to know what you need and when you need it and what you need to fulfill that and what is needed to quench that need. And the prophet mentioned in the message thirst, he mentioned the thirst for success, a thirst for fellowship. Uh he he talks about it's not uh uh it's not strange for a young man and young woman to be attracted to one another and to fall in love with one another and to desire one another and to be married. That's all a normal thirst God put within us and to to have one another to share with uh not only life together but share everything together even physically. So that's a a pure thirst that's within man and within woman. He talks about a thirst for success, a thirst for fellowship, for companionship. He thought uh talks about um uh different things. Uh and we know there's a man's uh there's a man's thirst for woman and for fellowship and companion. And then there's a a woman's thirst for man and for what he would fulfill, that husband would fulfill in her life. God provides that. He talks about fellowship. He talks about a woman having a thirst for beauty and having a thirst to be pretty and even enjoys the attention of being uh complimented for being pretty. A woman that's a natural thirst within her to want to be pretty and to want to know that she's pretty, especially from her husband and maybe her boyfriend as time goes along. Uh that's a natural thing. She loves to hear that. She she feeds off of that more than a a man does not have that thirst to want to be pretty. This is where the difference is in a man and woman. But but we know that over time Satan has learned all these thirst and a thirst for beauty and women. We know that he can misdirect a woman to fill that thirst by the wrong attention and also wearing the wrong thing cuz she knows she's learned to fill that thirst. I can wear this certain thing and I can get a lot of attention. Well, it might be the wrong attention. Might be the wrong kind of character. And so women of the world, it's it's all a natural thirst they're born with. But look how they have all different ways. And we'll talk about that in just a minute uh and bring a scripture for it. But he said there's a thirst for that. There's a thirst for joy. There's a thirst for happiness. There's a thirst for friendship. All natural thirst. And then God, as I said last Wednesday night, God not only put these things within us, but he provides also Godgiven fountains for each of these to quench them purely. God provides for you to be truly satisfied in what God provides for that particular thirst. &gt;&gt; So we understand that now. And so then we took it on to say in order for Satan to be so good to develop other sources to quench our God-given thirst, Satan would have to and not only provide a place to drink from that, but to make it very appealing. Satan is very good to make that appealing that you would actually choose something besides what God has for you. You'd choose something else. Have to be pretty appealing. So on the outside, he can make it very attractive. And so he's working off a deep thirst within you, but he's made it very attractive that that's the answer. Go quench my thirst in that. And so you run after it because he's made it so appealing. But also, he would have to understand a man and a woman and understand the human being. As I said last Wednesday night, he has a master's degree in the study of human beings for 6,000 years. He knows uh he knows you. He knows mankind. And here's what I want to say. It's bad when he knows mankind and how our brain works and how our body works and how our spirit works and how our emotions work. It's bad when he knows those things more than you. &gt;&gt; Then we're at a disadvantage. But he's had a long time to study it. He knows how to tempt it. And guess what? He knows the differences in men and women. News flash, men and women are different. Women are uh they're I should I should say they're both I should say women are they're different for sure. But anyway, men and women they're they're different. And boy, women are a different deal. Um they women, you know, respectfully, they don't want you to solve their problems. They just want to talk about the problems. They feel better about that. Women can go to a closet full of clothes and say, "I don't have nothing to wear." And when you figure out, brothers, when you figure out women, please come and tell me and you can do a service on and help us all out. They're quite different. You know why I'm saying that though, and we laugh about it, it's because it's it's a it we have to really lay our lives before God and pray that we have an understanding of how different they are than us. And Paul says it in the scripture, I've got it later on here, but he brings that out and he says, "We have to dwell with them according to what?" According to knowledge. We have to understanding as being joints together in this walk of faith in the Lord. They're not they're they're they're co-equal in our faith together with the Lord. They're they're a weaker vessel, but not when it comes to a daughter of God. They're not a weaker vessel. Only the vessel. But when when they come when it comes to a daughter of God, they're co-equal with us and and inheritors of the faith together. So a man has to he has been told you not only study yourself and understand yourself but you study and you understand and dwell with a woman according to knowledge and do not get bitter against them or your prayers will be hindered. So what's he encouraging? What's he saying? He's saying that we have a a a lifelong sacrifice and a a prayer to make and say God give me knowledge and understanding. He said that in Hosea, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge." My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. And I believe that means more than just mental knowledge. It's a revelation. But anytime you're lacking it and you have ignorance, the devil's going to have an advantage on you. So here he is saying, "Dwell with women according to knowledge, you're on a lifelong to earn a degree to learn what how God has made this special vessel and that you dwell with them according to knowledge." If you just say, "Well, they need to be like me." And you say, "Their needs are like my needs, and you just need to meet my needs." You're missing it, brother, because you're seeing God's telling you, you also study how God has specially and uniquely made this other vessel of woman. And you can dwell together when you understand that more. And the woman understand the man because he's not like you either. Thank God he's not like you. And thank God the women aren't like the man. And and God is a God of variety. Can you say amen? I better move on here. I'm going to get in trouble. I I know I'm going to just say something that I shouldn't say. So now, uh, Satan understands the body. Satan understands psychology. Satan understands the behavior of human beings. Has had a long time to study it. And he's he has studied uh how a human being works. It's kind of like a boxer who studies his opponent for many weeks or months. Football teams watch the video of the other team they're going to be playing. How many guys know that? They study the videos. The coach goes through the videos. So, this is how their plays are. They study the plays of the opponent. They know how they're going to hit. And so, in defense, they're going to work around and try to come against how they study the videos of it. So, football teams do it. Armies, armies study how the enemy works. &gt;&gt; Armies just they they they do all kinds of study to say, "Now, who are we going up against? And how do they fight? what kind of uh uh uh instruments are they going to use? What kind of uh guns are they going to use? Where are they going to come at us? What side? And so they study. So if armies do it, football teams and all these other things, we ought to have a a personal understanding. The devil has studied human beings. He's studied you. And I know I said this last Wednesday night, but I want to just lay it down. Satan has studied even you since your birth. And he understands how you tick. He understands your weaknesses. He understand what gets you down and depresses you. He understands that maybe you're a a high you would score high rejection on a test and you got high rejection issues and brother Brandon mentions a man that's maybe a little more highly passioned. Uh so even levels of men there's one more higher passion the other one. All of men desire a woman and that's a natural desire but some are more high passion. He says he's in he'll be in trouble all the time because he's been built that way. These highly passionate uh women have different things. And so Satan knows these different bents, these slants and even the different bents in you bents in you and what attracts you and what gets you up and what depresses you, what brings you down and what is I'm going to say this again. What is in your past that affects you? Uh, Satan knows what affects you from your past and triggers also your mistakes in life. He knows how to take your mistakes that that are under the blood and pull them out, bring them to your mind and knows how to defeat you by that past mistake. He studied how to do that. It might be he he has a song playing in the restaurant that's one of the old songs back from the 70s and he songs playing and all of a sudden all these things get triggered in your memory and it brings you back when you're into the world and all that. He knows how to do it. And as I said that when they do commercials and stuff, they know how to get things in our mind. And also, he knows how to trigger the mistakes in your life. He has a file on your life. He studies it. He pulls it out when he needs it. And he said, "Let me look this person over again and all their mistakes and all that they have done. What is their story? And I'm going to take all that. I'm going to use it against them again." That's when Satan has an advantage over us. My point is is that if he has taken that long and that much time to study you, then we ought to study God. We ought to study ourselves. We ought to know how we tick. We ought to know our ups and downs. I lean a little bit this way. There was a testimony, I think, on one of the telegrams this week in the church uh of somebody sharing that and their tendency towards uh depression and different things. I appreciate the openness and honesty of the sister who shared that as she begins to people begin to recognize how they're made up, how the devil can defeat them as they do that. There can only be a victory down the road because you got the devil's number. Can I Can I get an amen tonight? He's not just got your number. You got his number. &gt;&gt; You're on his trail. I know how the devil's going to use this to to press me and I'm going to be all over it. I'm not going to go that direction. Brother Bram said to overcome something do the opposite. &gt;&gt; If you're selfish then he said then give all the time and that counters that thing. Sometimes the antidote sometimes it's doing the opposite of what you think. Can you say amen? What your bent is Satan? I'm going to do the opposite of what that bent is and that's how you counter it sometimes. The Lord has certainly showed us many wonderful things. So he has studied the inner thirst of us. He knows those inner thirsts. And then we find then that I just wanted to get a little bit more specific tonight. When we look at the thirst that's within us. Uh then we realize that sometimes the problems or the mistakes in life or trouble with other people or hiccups in life. We look for reasons and we look sometimes for surface reasons and we look to maybe blame others and blame the circumstances. But I want us to grow deeper than that. I want us as a congregation to grow deeper than just a shallow conclusion. Somebody did me wrong or I got in. I made this mistake because and the reasons are all surfaced. Sometimes you fall into things because you had an inner thirst that was not being fulfilled right. &gt;&gt; And if you look deeper in yourself, you might say, "Maybe it's not everybody else's problem. Maybe I wouldn't have got into that. there there's an inner thirst within me and I was trying to meet a thirst that was that was laying there and that whole situation could have been different maybe if I knew myself a little deeper is that okay so we see then we blame others we blame circumstances but most of the time you have a deep need or thirst inside that's not being quenched and that's why it happens so you have to look inward what was lacking in me what was lacking in my heart why did I fall I was preaching on David a couple Wednesday nights ago. And I don't know, we don't have much on his story as far as what led up to David's sin with Bashibba. We we we know a little bit. We we don't know much. I've given a few things and we preach on a few things. He relax when he was supposed to go to battle, all those things, but we really don't know what led up to him coming one night when he's looking at Bashibba and then falls in sin with her. What led up to it? Cuz I can tell you the way we're built as human beings, David was built the same way. And it didn't just start in a moment of lust. Something began way back that David was not addressing. &gt;&gt; It never happens that it's just a one-time event. And oh, and I'm wondering if David, the kind of man that he was speaking later about the deep call to the deep and speaking later about thirst and then Solomon, his son, begins to speak deeper about thirst. And I'm going to read those things in a minute. But I wonder if David, we don't have a lot of scripture for it, but I wonder through some of the things he said afterwards, even in his repentance, because you know, in his repentance, uh, you know, he said some things, you know, his repentance wasn't like, you know, some of my grandkids is just, I'm sorry. Say, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. David's repentance was so deep. I'm going to read it. Psalm 51. Psalm 51. Have mercy on me, oh God, according to thy loving kindness, according unto the multitude of thy timber mercies. Blot out my transgressions. Wash me thoroughly. That's not just saying, "Okay, let's let's get this over with and let me get back to my kingdom. Get back." No. No. Wash me thoroughly from my iniquity and cleanse me from my sin. For I acknowledge my transgressions and my sin is ever before me. Look at the reality of that. God's going to wash away his sin, but something about it is always going to be before me. And that's part of it. That's part of it, too. He's being honest. Against thee. Thee only have I sinned and done this evil in thy sight. That thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judgeest. Behold, I was shaped in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me. Behold, thou desireest truth in the inward parts, and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. I'm not so sure that David had the depth to say something like verse six until after he had come with through this terrible sin that he had done and needed to be forgiven of it. I'm not sure sure he is this deep to say this. Lord, thou desires truth in the inward part &gt;&gt; and in the hidden part thou shalt make me to know wisdom. What's he saying? The same thing I'm preaching tonight. I need wisdom and understanding about the depth of me, &gt;&gt; the inside parts. Because is he saying with that is he saying that this happened because something was missing deep inside. There was a thirst not being quenched. &gt;&gt; But he's learned here that this isn't just about something surface. This isn't just lust. It turned into lust. And when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin. How many know that's Bible? When lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin. But it doesn't start with lust. It starts maybe with a thirst that's not being quenched in the right place. &gt;&gt; Purge me with hissup and I shall be clean. Wash me. I shall be whiter than snow. Make me to hear joy and gladness that the bones which thouast broken may rejoice. Hide thy face from my sins and blot out all my iniquities. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. That's a strong statement because what's he saying? Something in my spirit wasn't right. &gt;&gt; Create in me a clean heart, oh Lord, and renew the right spirit within me. Something was wrong. It wasn't just a man's eyes that got a in lust attracted Bath Sheba. It was deeper than that. He's saying something in my spirit was wrong. &gt;&gt; Something was not being quenched. And he's saying that in his repentance. And what a repentance. Because it's not just saying, "Sorry, I looked at a woman and I killed her husband." And no, there's sincerity in this. And there's a depth of looking at his life to say, "Lord, let me see this, where it come from, why I did it, so that I'll never do it again." That's repentance. &gt;&gt; It's not falling into the same hole. He didn't go back and fall into the same hole. No, he's saying, "Lord, purge me and clean me." And he says something here later on that uh uh said verse 11, "Cast me not away from thy presence. Take not the Holy Spirit from me. restored to me the joy of thy salvation. We know it's been said it didn't that he wasn't asking for a salvation. He was asking for the joy of it and uphold me with thy free spirit. Then will I teach transgressors thy ways and sinners shall be converted unto thee. Deliver me from blood guiltiness. Oh God, thou God of my salvation. My tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness. Oh Lord, open thou my lips and my mouth shall show forth thy praise. For thou desireest not sacrifice else would I give it. Thou delightest not in burnt offering. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, a broken and contrite heart. Is he saying that I had some pride and the pride is got me into committing adultery with a woman? I didn't have a contrite heart. Is he saying that? Do good in thy good pleasure under Zion. And I love this. You know, you've heard me preach on this before. Build thou the walls of Jerusalem. What a revelation. You know what he's saying? He wasn't talking about the temple. In fact, it wasn't even built yet. He wasn't talking about a literal temple. He's talking about I'm the temple now. Look what happened to the temple. What's going on in the temple and I don't want it to ever happen again. And so, I'm saying build strong walls of protection around me that I'll never sin like this again. That's a repentance, friends. Thou shalt then thou shalt be pleased with sacrifices of righteousness when when with burnt offerings and whole burnt offerings, then shall they offer bollocks on thine altar? So why did I fall? What was lacking in me that made me do this? Why did I choose to drink from the wrong fountain, Lord? What was I thirsting for? And why didn't I find out how God could quench it first? Why did I drink from something else? These are questions that a shallow person does not ask. Why did I do this? Why did I fall? I know I fell and I go, I know God has forgiven me, but what led me to it? &gt;&gt; Why did I fall? What thirst was not being met by the Lord? So, you know, uh there's a lot of data out there. Let me talk about the men real quickly first. I'm doing good. It's only 10 to 8. Let me talk about and I I'll try. We got a mixed audience here, so I won't be as as plain as I was with the men down there, but we have a lot of uh thing research now that breaks down the science of a man. How a man ticks, how a man is attracted to certain things. He's different than a a woman. the needs of a man are different than a woman. And all this is out there and I don't have to tell you the data. The data is out there. The data is out there now of the damage of pornography. Now, the world don't care about that data. But I think sons of God should care. I think sons of God should care that there's statistics and things that are related to the biology, the mental thing, the mind, everything that happens and why it happens. And if that is out there and there's all this time to prove it and the damage it does to the thinking process and everything, we should be concerned as sons and daughters of God that we want to understand because our brain and our thinking is not to be manipulated by Satan. Our brain is not to fall into an addiction. &gt;&gt; An addiction is related to parts of our brain where our pleasure center is activated by the wrong thing for too long. Can you say amen? And so because of this scripture in Romans, be transformed by the renewing of the mind. We can conclude that many times the distance between you and the fountains and the springs of God to quench your thirst. The only thing in between that is the mind. It gets in the way if it does not know or understand. Our brain is made up of three areas. The cortex, the preffrontal cortex, and the lyic system. The cortex only as thick as six business cards but stores our higher reasoning. The prefrontal cortex where decisions are made. Our brain makes five trillion decisions every second. This area of the brain is not fully developed until around the age of 25. Might be good to wait to get married till then. That's what brother Barry would say. Um then the lyic system is where we experience you know if I was Steven's true brother rap or some of these guys I' I'd have a nice you know powerpoint tonight of this so you can see it. The limbic part of our brain is where we experience pleasure and memories form as we repeat or not repeat. It's far more powerful than our preffrontal cortex. Did you see what that said? It's more powerful than our prefrontal cortex where our decisions are made. So now if we activate the pleasure center in the wrong way with the wrong thing for too long it it actually numbs and undermines the thinking part of our brain. It doesn't even bring up the higher reasoning the cortex but but uh addictions whatever it may be this is what it does. It activates the pleasure center in the wrong way. Normal natural things are to activate the pleasure center. We have normal things in life. normal things that God has provided, normal pleasures of this life. But when you start messing with something that's unnatural, that's not organic, but it's something synthetic. It's something that's created by Satan, or I shouldn't say creative, but developed, whether it would be a Hollywood movie or some type of thing that you keep feeding on. It messes with the brain. Pornography messes with the brain. And I believe Satan can have an advantage over us if we don't understand how that works and stand strong and say, "Wait a minute. My mind is not a garbage can. My mind is not to be manipulated by Hollywood and Hollywood's music and Hollywood spirits. This brain, this body belongs to the Lord Jesus Christ. And I stand here as a son and daughter of God to give all of my being." Jesus said, "To love me with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength. everything that I am. You can't be a Christian, come to God and raise your hands, you give your hands, you give your heart, but all week you give your mind to all kinds of trash. And some of it is can be wholesome, but there's too much of it. And you're doing it just to pleasure yourself in your brain, and it can still have damage. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. One writer says, "When a man looks at porn, he is often trying to meet needs such as relief from anxiety or stress. To escape from emotional distress like loneliness or boredom or or a desire for fantasy, control, or power. When you want to escape real life because it's disappointing and discouraging to you, then you go into the fantasy world." You, you know, some of the women would say, "That's right. That's what those men do. They live in a fantasy. But you women can go to romance novels sometimes. Or you can go to social media and you might do it for the same reason. Cuz you're tired of life and you want to go into a fantasy world and it's a lot more enjoyable to read about the man and woman in the book. Cuz your marriage is not that good. Ph. I better find a back door to get out of here tonight. This is really heavy duty. Fantasy control or power with the effort or emotional risk of real relationship. Look what it says now. A man will do it for the desire for fantasy, a desire for control or power without the effort or emotional risk of a real relationship. Because in a real relationship, there's risk. Love is hard sometimes, real love. While porn can provide immediate gratification and a sense of being desired, using it as a primary coping mechanism can shift sexual preferences, reduce the entrance in the interest in and capacity for real life intimacy. And there's the key word, there's the deeper thirst. It it it it will reduce the interest in the capacity for real life intimacy. Could it be that's the real thirst? Looking for real life intimacy, not getting it from your own fountains, and then it leads to feelings of shame and isolation. Boy, I tell you, the devil just does such damage because he attracts you to something that's going to be some temporary fantasy. It's going to make you feel good, but then you leave. He leaves you with all the guilt and condemnation and all that goes with it, and it never fully satisfies. You know why? Because you go away with condemnation. &gt;&gt; And he knows that. He knows that he's got this figured out. Don't mean to give him too much credit tonight, but he has got these things figured out. So, it mentioned stress and l lust and many more things that drive a man to fall, but that's all surface. Turn with me if you would to Proverbs chapter 7. Could it be that the need for intimacy? You say, "Well, intimacy, let's the world says intimacy is sexually relations, but intimacy is not sexual relations. It's a bonding. It's a close bond. It's a connection. And when somebody's spirit gets distant from a real connection in life, especially a man, he withdraws himself. And I just want to break this down for the man and then if I have time, I'll talk about the woman's thirst a little bit and how uh a woman can come on to tap into these thirsts. Proverbs, well, we'll just go to Proverbs um 7 first. Verse six. For at the window of my house I look through my casement, and behold, among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths a man void of what? A young man void of what? So he's a young man, you know, he's young and vibrant and he's got, you know, everything there, but he's void of one thing and that's understanding. And in the next few scriptures, you're going to see what he's going to fall into and susceptible to because he doesn't have understanding of what's going to happen. So he's a man, he's got hormones, he's got all these other things. And so he's got he's got his eyes that are attracted by by sight. Men are attracted by sight. So, he's got all of that, but he's void of understanding. So, now he's going to fall into a trap here because he has a lack of what I'm preaching about tonight. I'm preaching about being people of understanding of what our thirst are. And because he doesn't understand his thirst and the woman that's going to come onto him, she understands by the anointing of the devil, she understands what a man's thirst is, &gt;&gt; but he doesn't. &gt;&gt; Passing through the street corn uh street near her corner, that was the first mistake. He was passing by her corner and he went the way to her house in the twilight in the evening in the black in the dark night. That's not good. And it's interesting how many things happen in the night in the dark. Temptation happens a lot of times. Then he goes and behold there met him a woman with the attire of a harlot and subtle of the heart. Number one, she appeals to man's man. The way that man's built is he's attracted by sight. So the first thing that she uses to attract him to that thirst and the way God's made him is to appeal to him by what she's wearing. It's all surface. It's all outward. But she knows it. And a harlot knows it. And the women of the world know it. And that's why godly women should not buy into that. You don't want to attract the wrong man. You don't want to wear something. thing. You don't want to have to wear tight skirts and slit skirts up to showing your leg and you don't want to wear tight clothes and stuff like that because you're attracting the wrong attention. You don't know what modesty is and you don't know that you could be wearing the attire of a harlot and you're not even a harlot and you're drawing the wrong attention. So that's the first thing she appeals to. She is loud and stubborn. Her feet abide not in her house. Now is she without now in the streets and lith and the weight in every corner. She's come out now to meet him. So she caught him and kissed him and with an imputent face said unto him, remember men are you know physical as well. So now her kissing him uh I think brother Bram said one place that he said you you can't um you can't have that happen without it bringing something up in a man. And I'm I'm generalizing but he's saying you can't have that touch you can't have that happening. He was talking about us all at church. He says, uh, somebody asked him that, um, should we do like the Bible when they they greeted one another with a holy kiss? And that was the greeting back then. And brother Ben says, "Oh, no, no, no. Don't get that started. It'll lead to homosexuals and everything just to get it started. Aren't you glad for a prophet to nip things in the bud where it's going to start something? It doesn't mean all that's happening, but it can grow into that because why the men and women now all of a sudden you're hugging somebody after church that's different than your wife and you're kissing somebody that's different than your husband. It's it's all supposed to be innocent but eventually it's not innocent. It's not innocent. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, you know, he can't be how how brother Brandon worded. I didn't get a chance to look this up, but a red-blooded male and not have this happen and not be affected in your body about it. Why? Cuz it's the way God made you. Is that thing that you're made is that impure? No. It's impure how Satan's trying to get him to use it in the wrong way. Go down the wrong path. Look what she does now. She said, she caught him and kissed him and with an imputed face said unto him, I have peace offerings with me this day have and have paid my vows. Therefore came I for to meet thee diligently to seek thy face. And I have found thee. I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with the fine living of Egypt. I have perfumed my bed. It's pretty direct now. I have perfumed my bed with myrr, alos, and cinnamon. Stop right there. Second thing, man has a stronger urge towards sexual relations than a woman. She's appealing to this thirst that's within him by saying, "I've got the bed ready." So, she's she's appealing to the thirst. Men are attracted by sight. She's appealing to his thirst to be with a woman. But let's go deeper. Come and let us take our fill of love until the morning. You know what this is? This is her version of love. It's not true love. But could it be that once again the devil is recognizing there's something deeper within him and she said I she's saying I together we can fill this thirst for love. This is the thing that just struck me. Let us soulless solace. I don't know how to say that. Let us soloulless ourselves with loves. That's the key. That's the key word. Soulless ourselves with love. Beyond the appeal to man's eyes and the potential for a sexual relation to fulfill his sexual drive, something deeper is going on. When she says, "Let us solace oursel together." It means solace means to give comfort to in a grief or a misfortune. It means the alleviation of grief or anxiety and to make cheerful again. It's only going to be a tempor temporal cheerful. But she's saying, "I can meet this thirst for your anxiety, for your need for soulless. You need comfort. You're you're feeling low. Sometimes a man feels low because he's not successful as he thought he would be and his spirit is low. And you're very vulnerable during those times. You better go to the Lord right away because you're vulnerable when your spirit gets low." A lot of times a man won't tell anybody else that his spirit is low. But when you get real low in your spirit and there's a need, there is a thirst for comfort for comfort for the grief or anx or a misfortune that's happened to you. I can make you cheerful. It's a source. A solless is a source of relief or consolation. She is the deception that this place she invites him to will fill all of these thirst and fill all these needs. How does she know that? Satan anoints her that this is man's particular needs and she becomes the temptation. I'm going to meet those needs even for solace. Praise the Lord. But then if you go back to chapter five says the same thing. Verse 5, my son, attend to my wisdom and bow thy ear to understand that thou mayest regard discretion that thy lips may keep knowledge. For the lips of a strange woman drop as a honeycomb in her mouth. Wait a minute. I didn't finish seven yet. Wait a minute. I didn't finish and I got plenty of time here. Go back to seven. Please don't leave. Don't get scared. Don't be scared. Be frightened. I didn't finish what how this guy ends up. Come, let us take our fill loves. 7:18. Until the morning, let us solstish ourselves with loves for the goodman is not home. He has gone a long journey. He hath taken a bag of money with him and will come home at the day appointed. With her much fair speech she caused him to yield. With a flattering of her limps she forced him. He goeth after her straightway as an ox goeth to the slaughter. Anybody seen an ox come back from the slaughter? Or as a fool to the correction of the stocks, till a dart strike through his liver as a bird hasteth to the snare and knoweth not that this is for his life. Hearken unto me now, therefore, oh ye children, and attend the words of my mouth. Let not thy heart decline to her ways. Go not astray in her paths, for she hath cast down many, say it, wounded. She's cast down many wounded. Yay. And many strong men have been slain by her. Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death. Chapter 5 and verse two. For the lips of a strange woman drop as a honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil, but her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword. Her feet go down to death. Her steps take gold on hell. Strange woman is mentioned several several times in Proverbs. It's also mentioned in Jude that after they left God, they went after strange flesh. That's the term strange flesh. Strange woman is any other woman than your wife. Strange flesh is something that God hasn't provided. It's strange to you and you're seeking after it. Whether it's a physical woman or man or whether it's on the the TV or in a book or on porn, it's the strange woman. Why is she strange? Why is it strange? Because it's a fountain that God hasn't provided for your thirst. Satan has provided it. &gt;&gt; Lest thou should ponder the path of life. Her waves are movable that thou cut not know them. Hear me now therefore children and depart from the words of thy mouth. Depart not from the words of my mouth. Remove thy way from her and come not nigh the door of her house. Lest thou give her on thine honor unto others and thy years unto cruel. Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth and thy labors be the house of a stranger. And thou mourn at the last when thy flesh and thy body are consumed and say there's nothing good about the fruits that come from this friends. There's nothing good. And he loses his money and everything. Sometimes his inheritance is shared with others. It affects his whole life. And say, "How have I hated instruction? My heart despised reproof." That's what he's saying now. "If I have not obeys the voice of my teachers, nor inclined my ear to them that instruct me. I was almost an evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly." And then he says, verse 15, you've heard me read this before. Drink waters out of thine own and running waters out of thy own well. Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad and rivers of water in the streets. Let them be only thine only and not strangers with thee. Let thy fountain be blessed and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. What is that saying? God has given you springs and fountains that you bring all of your thirst to. And whenever you deny those and go to another one, it's nothing but trouble. He provides fountains to drink from of satisfaction, of joy. My wife is the fountain God gave me. Enjoy the life of thy youth. Your children are fountains that God has given you. Your grandchildren are wonderful fountains to drink from for satisfaction and happiness. He's encouraged us to go to them. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Just one last note about what brother Brandham says here about the woman's effect on a man. They don't have this up here, but what is any sweeter in a man's life? What is any sweeter than to come home when he's tired and weary with his little bucket in his hand from working all day and plowing or whatever he might be doing to walk in and have a lovely wife to meet him at the door, sit down on his lap a minute, brush his brow a little and kiss him on the cheek and put her arms around him and say, "Dear, I know you're tired. You've worked so hard." Give him consolation. It gives him consolation. And that solless that that woman's trying to meet is supposed to be met in his wife. Consolation. Soloulless. Amen. What about the women? Of course, this is something I didn't get into at the men's meeting, but since I have more time here, the man is supposed to seek understanding of her as well. 1 Peter 3:7. First Peter 3:7. Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honor unto the wife as unto the weaker vessel, as being heirs together of the grace of life, that your prayers be not hindered. So, let me just mention these scriptures to you instead of going to them. We go all the way back to Genesis 3 when Eve was led on by the serpent. You know what the serpent used? Sure, they got into a sexual relationship, but it didn't start there. He used words to entice. Why? Because a woman, she's highly deceived, but she's attracted to words. &gt;&gt; She's attracted by words. And he uses words. He's appealing to the thirst in a woman to draw security from words. And when God says, "You will die." In other words, that serpent asked Eve, "Yeah, what what God said?" And and Eve repeats the word, God said that if we are to eat of that tree, we will die. And the serpent comes back and says, "You shall not surely die." You know what that appealed to her? Because a woman has a thirst to hear words, but also she's she's she's appealed to words, but she a woman has a thirst for security. A a woman has a thirst for peace and not to feel anxiety. A woman has a thirst to something to settle and so maybe in her spirit you shall not surely die. But he says, you know what, you're not going to die. Well, that feels like a little bit of relief. Okay, we're not going to die. That appealed to the woman. If you go to Genesis 34, she spoke kindly to Dina and he ended up uh misusing her and being in a wrong way with her. But the Bible says he spoke kindly to Dina. Why? He's meeting a thirst in her. He spoke kindly to her. Women do not usually have a physical affair. In most cases, they have a emotional affair because somebody's meeting an emotional need that's not being fulfilled. the guy at the office or the guy out at the park or whatever it is and all of a sudden he's played on things and meeting a thirst within her. But you know, uh, Dina did that and it was the wrong dude. It was the wrong guy. It wasn't that God provided man for her. Hosea chapter 2. And I'd like to read this one. I still got a little time here. Hosea chapter 2. You remember Hosea? he married uh was instructed to marry this uh woman that was kind of an unfaithful woman. And I just want to pull these quickly out of here. Verse 5, Hosea. And the whole book of Hosea is to show that Israel has committed adultery against God. In other words, she's gone after other lovers, gone after idols. And he uses this prophet's life to show Israel, this is what you're doing. He marries a harlot, marries an unfaithful woman. She lives with him for a while. Then she leaves again and she has many lovers. Does not necessarily say she did prostitution, but she went with she was unfaithful to her husband. And God is trying to say, Israel, you're being unfaithful to me. He says here verse 5, "For their mother hath played the harlot. She that conceived them hath done shamefully. For she said, I will go after my lovers that give me bread, give my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, uh my oil and my drink, thirst and women security of having the finances in order, having what we need." And I don't know if Hosea was not meeting it or not, but one of the reasons she went after her lovers is they're fulfilling all of these things. My bread, my water, my wool. They're they're quenching that thirst for that security of having those things in place. Last one, verse 13. And I will visit upon her the days of Balum, where she burned incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgot me, saith the Lord. Could this be that she is using the thirst for natural beauty that God gave her, and it's not natural beauty? She's decorating herself with earrings and with jewels too much. Not natural beauty or a character that attracts a son of God, but she buys into this unnatural, making herself unnatural. You can do that through makeup. You can do that for decorating yourself too much. All out of a thirst purely to be pretty. But you make yourself unnatural. In some cases, you make yourself look different than the way God made you. something wrong with that. I'm going to change myself. I'm not happy with myself. All coming from a pure thirst to be pretty and to be acknowledged that way. But now you're using she's using to appeal to her lovers. It's it's playing on the thirst within her to be pretty, but she's using outward things that are unnatural to try to attract her lovers. So, she has a need. A woman has a need for leadership. And Satan twists that. If she does not get true leadership, she can easily be misled. Eve is an example of that. The serpent came when her husband wasn't there. And so, she has a need for true leadership. Satan takes that thirst that the woman needs for leadership. And if she does not get the right leadership, she can easily be misled. and she takes on the leadership that she uh she can be easily misled or she takes on the leadership that she thirsts for herself. I'll do this myself. Example in the Bible, Jezebel Herodiius, if she don't have the right strong godly leadership, she can become a manipulator. Women's sinful tendency is to become dominating. Men's sinful tendency is to become harsh in his leadership. But women can become a manipulator. And where does that thirst start? It thirst. I need leadership. I need to be led. But now it kind of comes out if I'm not getting that right leadership. Sometimes somebody appeals and she'll follow a leadership other than her husband, other than her pastor, other than some guidance in her life. She can she's easily led. So that thirst, Satan abuses that for the leadership to be led in the right way. And so a woman takes an sometimes if she don't get that through something else, she takes an unhealthy control over everything like Jezebel did because she has a thirst for leadership. Could be two reasons. Her husband don't provide it for her or he does and she says, "I need to take over the leadership here and I need to do things my way. He can't do it. He can't do certain things. I need to guide this along myself. You're quenching your thirst for leadership that's supposed to be provided by God and you're trying to quench it yourself. Oh, I got to find a place to get out of all this now. But the biggest thing in women is almost the same as men is that is intimacy, emotional connection, feeling close as a friend, close to feeling that need. And that's when the enemy will appeal to a woman to her thirst for intimacy, for emotional connection. Because remember, uh I said this last Wednesday night that the quality of life is in the quality of relationships. And for men and women, if you don't happy have happiness and contentment and satisfaction in the relationships around you, a closeness, then you can look to other ways to fill your intimacy. But God provides it. You just have to take joy out of it. You will try to meet that on your own sometimes through books or social media or the fantasy of something and you're trying to fill a need on the inside, a thirst on the inside with something other than what God has provided for you. A woman also needs appreciation and affirmation. She has a thirst for that. And us husbands don't give her enough. We never give enough. But a woman has a need for that. Proverbs 31 woman, she gets it. Have you read it? She's a very confident, godly, productive woman. Proverbs 31. I don't have time to read the scripture, but I think three ta three times it mentions her husband praiseth her. Her husband. Her husband. Where is she quenching her thirst to be appreciated? Her husband. God provided a fountain for that. You say, "I'm single." God can provide the right fountain to receive your praise and appreciation, not the wrong one. So, church, we need an understanding of the thirst within us. Can you say amen? We need to go know where to go with our thirst and to understand our greatest and deepest need is for the living God. Deep calleth in the deep. David said at the noise of thy water spouts, I thirst for God and I thirst for the living God. How many knows that's our greatest need? That's our greatest thirst. And we need to know to take our thirst to the well that he's provided and draws satisfaction. God's well is so deep and full of springing water. And I showed this picture to the brothers down in the meeting. I'm going to show it before I close tonight. I love this picture I found because this is really represents what David's saying. what I'm preaching tonight. If a man is willing to go to God's fountain, look where he's pulling from. Look at the beauty. Look at the purity. Look what God has provided. The springs of fresh, clean water. You don't see that up there, but if you'll go to the right fountain, that's what he has for you. That's the depth of what's underneath it all. That's why it's important to take all of our thirst, understand what they are, and take all of them to the correct fountains. Because underneath that fountain, you're drawn from the right thing. It's only going to be fresh water from the Lord. It's only going to be satisfaction. It's only going to be true joy. It's only And the thing about, let me say this as we close. When we are going to his well and we are fully satisfied, you know what? You don't really want the other thing. We preach against sin. We preach against temptation. We stay away from this, stay away from that. But the truth is, if you were fully satisfied with God's fountain drinking from it, you wouldn't want the other. &gt;&gt; I should get a bigger amen than that. Brother Brandham says, "I've been satisfied." He says, "Uh, are you are you drunk?" He said, "Yeah, I've been drunk for 30 years since I've been a Christian. Drunk on the Holy Spirit." And they were in the upper room. He said, "That means I've been fully satisfied with the Lord. He is my contentment. He is the source of my joy. He's where I go for truththing." And when we're really going there, and that's the evidence that you've turned from other things on your own because that all has lost its attraction. &gt;&gt; Going to other stuff privately loses its attractive because you're so satisfied in this fountain of the Lord. You're drinking from it and it's like, I feel so satisfied today in the Lord and what he's given me. That doesn't mean you're not going to have hard days. One of my children said uh uh before church, she said, ' Man, I I I read this morning and I communed with the Lord. He said, she said, 'But boy, I've had one of the hardest days. I said, 'That's the way it is. And it's probably because you're communing with the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, I'm not saying today you're going to h you're not going to have bad days. But listen, all I know is this fountain when you're satisfied, you don't turn to other fountains. &gt;&gt; You don't want to do that because this becomes more satisfying. It's the greatest power to turn down temptation and turn down sin. The greatest power is to know you're fully refreshed, quenched, and satisfied. You just don't want it because you found your completeness completely in him. How many would say, "Lord, help me. Lord, help me tonight because I know I turn sometimes to something that I think, but Lord, help me understand how deep all of my thirst are. And then help me to understand where to take those thirst because I know everyone that you put within me, you gave me a place to fulfill it. Friendship, companionship, connecting. You say, "Well, I'm single. I don't have a husband. I don't have a wife." Listen, you think God can't provide for you. You don't think God knew you were going to be single? God knew that. And he's already got something in place for you to be satisfied, for you to quench that thirst. Praise the Lord. I'll read the scripture up again. Proverbs 20 and verse 5. You can stand. Proverbs 24 verse 5. Counsel in the heart of a man is like deep water, but a man of understanding will draw out. How many want to draw out? Bring that picture up again. You got to You got to find his fountain. You got to draw out of it. You got to take that bucket. Where's that picture at? If you guys still got it. You got to take that bucket and find God's fountain and you got to dip it down all the way into those beautiful springs. You've got to do the work. You can't just be out in the field somewhere. You got to get your thirst and bring them to the fountain and drop that bucket and get that fresh water. You've got to do that. God can't do that for you. But he can show you where the fountain is. &gt;&gt; He can put it right in front of you. Gideon sang a good song tonight. It was led into it just perfect. I love the words that take me deeper. But let's sing that. Let's sing uh I had another one here I wanted to sing and worship the Lord with under this uh subject tonight. Come quench this thirsting. How many would say that's my prayer tonight? Come quench this thirsting. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm sorry. I don't need the I'm not ready. Might be a tad high. Come quench this thirsting. Lord, I am ready. Here I am. Wait. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Go up one hand. First verse. Let's sing it again. Oh, fill this void and empty it. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Shine your light on my darkness and satisfy and restore my soul. I long for you to make me whole. Come quench this thirst. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Second verse. Come fill my life. I am incomp complete. Let your love rain down on me. I need you more. Lord, I confess more of you. Nothing less. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am. waiting. Come fill my heart. Oh, you are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my love. So, we just bow our heads tonight and pray before we're dismissed. I wonder if we just ask that question to the Lord. Lord, guide me and give me understanding of my deepest thirsts that are within me. Don't let it be that Satan understands me more than I understand myself. The cravings, the the cravings for praise, the crazy the cravings. Let me understand them, Lord, and let me understand where I need to take them so Satan never has the advantage on me. Help me not to be ignorant, Lord. Help me not to uh be taken advantage of by the enemy, but let me understand your word and who I am, not only in the Lamb's Book of Life, but how you've made me even here on this earth. That I could be an overcomer, Father, and not always beat up by the enemy. That he's got the upper edge all the time. But Lord, grow your people into a people of understanding. Grow your people, Lord. form them into people that are are Lord walking so strong in the overcoming power that the devil would not know where he could hit them at. That's what I desire. Lord, start with me. Start with me, Lord. Start with the pastor. Oh God, take me deeper. Oh God, quench my thirst, Lord. May it be quenched by your satisfying wells, inexhaustible fountain. Lord, let it be satisfied only by you. do I pray? Grant it, Father. Forgive us, Lord, where we maybe have looked to other things. God, forgive us. Make us into the people, Lord, to understand ourselves in the word of God. Thank you, Father. We give you glory and honor and praise for the time together tonight to break bread. And may you grow the people into what you've called them to be in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen." Praise be to God. God bless you tonight. We'll just sing. There is no satisfaction outside of salvation. S. Praise the Lord. God bless you as you're dismissed in Jesus name. If you need prayer, just come forward. Praise the Lord. There is no satisfaction outside of salvation. S A L V A T I O N. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L P A T I O N. Oh, shout it out loud and clear. S A L V A T I O N. You got to shout it out loud and clear. S A B A T I O. Amen. I know there is no satisfaction outside salvation. S A L V A T I O N. Yeah. There is no outside of salvation. S A L I O N. Oh, shout it out loud and clear. S A M B A T I O N. We've got to shout it out loud and clear. That's a b a t i o. Well, there is no satisfaction. Hallelujah. S a f a t i o. There is no satisfaction outside salvation. S a l p a t i o n. Shout it out. Oh yeah. Loud and clear. S A L B A T I O N. We got to shout it out loud and clear. S A [Music] I O. Amen. Praise the Lord. You need to go up the other side of that keyboard there. Well, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is its power. Sweet is its taste. With every temptation and trial I face, well, I keep coming back to the well. Oh, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is its power. Sweet is its haste. Whatever temptation and trials I face, I look back to the well. Blessed is the fountain in a barren land. Satisfies the thirst of the inner man. No better place to be found to dwell. Oh, won't you come to the well? Oh, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is its power. Sweet is it taste whenever temptation and trials I face our [Music] Jesus made a well at Calvary for healing, cleansing and victory. How it joy overflows. No tongue can tell. And I thank God for the well. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is his power, sweet is his taste. With every temptation and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. Blessed is the fountain in a barren land. It satisfies the thirst of the inner man. No better place could be found to well. Oh, won't you come to the well? Coming back to the well of grace. Great is his power. Sweet is his taste. Whenever temptations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. Well, Jesus made a well at Calvary. Healing, cleansing, and victory. It joys overflows. No tongue can tell. I thank God for the well. Oh, I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is his power. Sweet is his face. With every temptation and trials I face, keep coming back to the weather. I keep coming back. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
