################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-14 - 2025.12.14 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Sarah Finally Sees What The Prophet Sees - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-14
Title:   2025.12.14 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Sarah Finally Sees What The Prophet Sees
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LN7FbR0z8b4
========================================

You are welcome. comes this place through the atmosphere. Your glory God is what our hearts long to be overcome by your presence. Oh, is that your desire this morning? Your presence, Lord. Can we all stand and sing that again? Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Come flood this place and fill the atmosphere. Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. to be overcome by your presence. Lord, your presence. Oh, sing it last time. Sing Holy Spirit. Oh, Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Oh come flood this place and fill the atmos. Oh, your glory, God, is what our hearts long to be overcome by your presence. Lord, your presence, your presence, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, here I am and here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down and here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonder. All just worship him this morning. Sing here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days. Sing that verse with me. He's the king of all days. Oh, so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Oh, humbly you came to the earth. You created all for love's sake became poor. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that. Oh tell them, oh you're all together. Love me allto together worthy allto together wonderful to me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Malachi, would you come and lead us in a word of prayer this morning? Amen. Morning everyone. Bless our hearts. Lord, heavenly father, Lord, we just want to thank you so much for bringing us safely here to come together in this place to worship you as your people, your covenant people, Lord, with your promises all over our lives, Lord. And that's why we look to you this morning, Lord, because we know that you made promises to us, Lord. We believe in those promises, heavenly father. We have needs in our lives, Lord. Each one, each heart, each life that's here, Father. We're crying out to you this morning, Lord, to meet these needs, Lord, your people. We just invite you in the service Lord to speak to us Lord as we invite you Lord our lives Lord we just thank you so much for your blessings father we commit the service now to you bless the song leader bless us to minister Lord as it brings forth your word we open our hearts even our lives Lord in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen he is worthy this morning so grateful to be here amen thank you for his safety and and bringing us here I know some of you went through a blizzard coming from Pennsylvania that way, but the Lord supplied. Amen. He He made a way for you this morning. So, we thank God. Amen. I know some couldn't make it. So, God bless our streamers this morning. Amen. It's Brother Louis Blevens. That's what he says every Sunday. I don't I don't bless I don't I don't say a blessing over our stream streamers too often. I need You're still there. I don't see you, but they're still here. Amen. Why don't we go and greet each other this morning and let's sing um let's sing we're together again this morning. We're together again. Oh yes, just praising the Lord. We're together again. Oh, in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together. Oh, we're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh yes, we're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Let's sing this one. Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Rejoice this morning. Rejoice. Look where he's brought us from. When you stop and think about it, just what the Lord has done. Oh, I remember way back when I was living in darkness. He shined his light around me so I could see my way out. Hallelujah. When the lamb rose to claim, I clearly saw my name. And when I stopped to think about it, I let out a great big shout. Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. Aren't you glad this morning? He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, rejoice. Look where he's brought us from when you stop and think about it. Just can we take it up one? Can you take it up one? Oh, you know the enemy is always trying to keep us defeated. Oh, he always seems to point us everything that's going wrong. But if we only keep our eyes on the message he supplied, the joy will begin to swell up. You'll be singing a glad new song. Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, rejoice of where he's brought us from. Hallelujah. When you stop and think about it, see what the Lord had last time. Rejoice, oh, rejoice. Oh, what the Lord has done. He drove away darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, rejoice. Look where he's brought us from when stop think about it. What the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This morning. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. That song made me excited this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's so good to be in his house again this morning. Praise God. Amen. I worship you, almighty God. Oh, there is none like you. Oh, just worship him. Tell him, talk to him. I worship you. Oh prince of peace, that is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. Yes Lord. Oh I worship you all mighty God. Oh, there is none. Oh, can we sing that again this morning? I worship you. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. Hallelujah. Oh, I worship you. Just let go of this morning. Oh, prince of peace. Oh, that is what I want to do. you. I give you all the praise for you are my rightuous name. Oh, I worship you almighty God. Oh, there is none like you. Sing this one this morning. Not because I've been so faithful. Not because I've been so good. Your loving arms are right there. Oh, could you pull off those lyrics? You were there when I was lonely. You were there in all my pain, guiding my guiding my footsteps, my shelter, my shelter from the rain. Oh, and it was you who made my life complete. Sing it with all your heart this morning. You are to me my everything and that is why I sing. Jesus I love you. Oh Jesus I love you. Oh because you care. I couldn't imagine. Oh, if you weren't there, Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. Oh, if you weren't there. First verse again. Oh, not because I've been so faithful. Let's all stand and sing it. Not because I've been so good. You've always been there. You always been there for me to provide my every need. You were there when I was lonely. You were there in all my pain. Oh, guiding my footsteps, you my shelter from the rain. Oh, and it was you testify this morning that made my life complete. Oh yes, you are to me my everything and that is why I sing. Oh yeah, Jesus. Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. Yes, Lord, I couldn't imagine. Oh, if you were in there. Jesus, I love you. Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. Oh, I love this verse now. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, you are and you're the joy of my salvation. You're the peace in every storm. Hallelujah. Your loving arms protect me. Oh, you're my shelter from all harm. You are alpha and omega. You're the beginning and the end. Oh, you're my strong tower. You're my dearest and best friend. Oh, and it was you who made my life complete. Oh, you are to me my everything and that is why I sing. Jesus, oh Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. Hallelujah. Oh, you were a thing. Jesus, I love you. Oh, because you care. I couldn't imagine. Oh, if you were in there, a prayer request will come. Let's just repeat that. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you, Jesus. I love you. I love you, oh Jesus. I love you. I love you. Oh, because you care. Jesus, I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, Jesus, I love you. I love you because you care. Last time Jesus, Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, because you care. Oh come, let us adore him. Oh come let us adore. Oh come let let us adore. Hallelujah. Oh come let us adore adore him in Christ the Lord for he alone. Oh yes you are for he alone is over. Hallelujah. Oh, for he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. Christ the Lord. as the tithes and offerings come this morning. Amen. We'll sing that a few more times. Um, Brother Ryan, make your make your way up here this morning. We will song for you guys this morning. And then after that, we'll have Sister Lightner, Sister Rachel Hunt. Praise the Lord. So, oh, come let usore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore adore him. Christ ad the Lord for he alone. last time. For he alone is worth. You're worthy, Lord, for he alone. Yes, you are, Lord. You're worthy. For he alone is worthy in Christ the Lord. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Give us a second. In a world around me where wickedness abounds a proud and boastful spirit in Satan's Eden I am found. But God has called his people to walk in his humilies to have a humble heart and live life in simplicity. &gt;&gt; Lord, give me a humble heart like yours is what I pray. I don't want to be hoty or think I'm great in any way. You showed us by example how to serve our fellow man. To live our lives for others is your great and mighty plan. &gt;&gt; If my heart is lifted up. &gt;&gt; If I think that I am great, your holy spirit will be grieved. The hotty look the Lord does hate. Pride will separate us from the presence of the Lord. Being full of vanity or boastfulness has no reward. &gt;&gt; Lord, give me a humble heart like yours is what I pray. I don't want to be hoty or think I'm great in any way. You showed us by example how to serve our fellow man. To live our lives for others is your great and mighty plan. Broken spirit and contrite heart, the Lord will not despise. Approach him with humility, that's what he'll recognize. &gt;&gt; A broken spirit and contrite heart, the Lord will not despise. Approach him with humility. That's what he'll recognize. Lord, give me a humble heart like yours is what I pray. I don't want to be hearty or think I'm great in any way. You showed us by example how to serve our fellow man to live our lives for others is your great and mighty plan. Lord, give me a humble heart like yours is what I pray. I don't want to be hearty or think I'm great in any way. You showed us by example how to serve our fellow men. To live our lives for others is your great and mighty plan. to live our lives for others is your great and mighty plan. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Jesus. Amen. Sister Rachel would come on up. Praise the Lord. Is that your heart this morning? Amen. Amen. This world, Amen, is full of that. Amen. The proud spirit. Amen. and we don't want anything to do with it. Amen. Lord, Lord, give us a humble heart this morning where we could receive your word. Amen. So freely. Praise the Lord. Oh, come. Oh, come all you unfaithful. Come. Weak and unstable. Come. Know you are not alone. Oh come barren and waiting once weary of pray. Come see what your God has done. Christ is born. Christ is born. Christ is born for you. Oh come bitter and broken. Come with fears unspoken. Come taste of his perfect love. Oh come guilty and hiding once. There is no need to run. See what your God has done. Christ is born. Christ is born. Christ is born for you. He's the lamb who was given, slain for our pardon. His promise is peace for those who believe. He's the lamb who was given slain for our pardon. His promise is peace for those who believe. So come though you have nothing. Come. He is the offering. Come see what your God has done. Christ is born. Christ is born. Christ is born for you. Christ is born. Christ is born. Christ is born for you. Let's just turn in our Bibles if you would. Hebrews chapter 11. Just just stay. Amen. Hebrews chapter 11. And we're going to just read one of the scriptures we read from last Sunday. and to continue on a little bit with that subject. God bless you all the visitors that are here with us this morning and we pray the word of God will find a place in your hearts. We are living in uh troublesome times and uh every day it's not that we have shootings every day but it's sometimes two and three in a day now and uh we are praying for the families that have lost these some of the celebration in Australia uh yesterday and someone um lashing out their anger and shooting I think it was 12 there and and so this morning the safe place in Christ we value it and And we appreciate that we have a place to come, but I think eventually there may not be any safe place to go except in Jesus Christ and except in the word. So we pray for those families and we realize the world that we're living in has changed and is changing every day getting closer to this wrapping up and what we do today in the presence of the Lord and this word coming. It's not me but this word. What we're doing today giving this attention and settling down from our busy lives. I know probably none of you have a busy life, but anyway, most people do. And to shut all of that out and to give attention right now for an hour or so to this is the most important thing we can do. We need revelation. We need to know where we stand. There's a lot of mental instability today, even amongst sometimes our own groups. There's a lot of things and demons that we're fighting against. We need this word to stabilize our minds and hearts that we know where we stand. And thankfully this morning that don't come, it's not me. That's the word he's provided. Brother Bram said it this way. He said, "We're he headed for turbulent waters in the 1960s." He said, "But God has put the stabilizers in the ship and will crest every one of these waves until the rapture. He's given us the word for our families, for our lives, for for for our mental stability. He's given us the word for that in his presence. And we we rejoice in that this morning." Hebrews chap 11 and I was reading last Sunday a little bit about Abraham and Sarah particularly Sarah. Hebrews 11:8 says, "By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for inheritance, obeyed, and he went out, not knowing whether he went. By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as it a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the promise, same promise. For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God." Brother Eli was on that uh Wednesday night. wonderful message Wednesday night on that. And then we find Sarah comes into the picture who we said last Sunday. She didn't come as quick to the revelation as Abraham did. And Abraham was the prophet of the hour. It was also her husband. And he come to this revelation pretty quickly. Faith is a revelation. And he come and once you come to Revelation, you see you see what you need to see in God's eyes. But Sarah didn't come to that too quickly. But thank God she finally come to it. And that's why I was preaching last Sunday. They need to have grace for the Sarah cuz there are many Sarah. They don't see it right away. But if they're a daughter of God, if they're a son of God, they're going to see it. &gt;&gt; And she seen it cuz it said and she made it to the the hall of faith chapter through faith also. Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of a child when she was past age because she judged him faithful who had promised. &gt;&gt; How many need that strength this morning? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I wonder if she's saying as she said there she judged him faithful. I wonder if she's saying he's been faithful faithful to me. Looking back, his love and mercy I see in my heart. I've had questions, even failed to believe. But he's been faithful. They fall to me. Sing it again. He's been faithful. So faithful to me. Hallelujah. Looking back, his love and mercy I see. And in my heart I've had questions even fail to believe. Yet he's been faithful. Faithful. Has he been faithful to you? Can we sing it again? Can you tell him this morning? He's been faithful. more faithful to me. Hallelujah. Looking back, his love and mercy I see. broken my heart. I've had questions, even failed to believe. Yet, he's been faithful. faithful to me. Our heavenly father, we thank you, Lord, that when times come in our lives that Lord, there's questions that Satan tries to put in our mind. And Lord, things that come in our heart, emotions move us sometimes. But Lord, you've been faithful. You've been steady. Lord, your promises are true. You've always come through for your people. Lord, you have a perfect track record in watching over your people and sending your word to heal them, sending your word to stabilize them. Lord, we want to thank you this morning. And Lord God, we just pray that you'll come. We invite your presence in this place. Any unfamiliar spirit that's something that's not in harmony with you, we pray, Father, you'll drive it away by your light this morning. God, may you find our hearts open and willing to hear your word this morning. We commit the service and commit these precious lives into your hands. Lord, may you meet the need of everyone. And Lord, we thank you once again for being faithful through the years. Faithful, Lord, to us, even Lord, at times when we didn't show that as much. We're thankful, Lord, that you were there for us. We pray, Father, you'll bless and anoint and instruct us this morning. Give us encouragement from your word. In Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. and amen. God bless you. You may be seated this morning. We appreciate all of you being with us and been enjoying the services to be able to put forth the word of God. It's one of the greatest privileges that a man could have to be able to feed his sheep. And so we want to do that this morning. I want to speak a little bit more uh on Sarah. And we were talking about the grace that God gave her last Sunday and seeing her slow uh way that she responded. And then this morning, I want to speak a little bit about Sarah finally sees what the prophet sees. Sarah finally sees what the prophet sees. And speaking of seeing something, I'm I've just I've caught a little uh pattern that's in the Bible here that there's a time when believers are called upon to believe God's prophet. And uh first of all, that's a very important thing. You can't begin anywhere unless you believe the servants that he sends. &gt;&gt; If you want a place to begin, it's believing. It's believing the prophet that he sends, believing the word that he sends, believing the word for your day, not a God of history, but what God has sent in your generation. And so I I certainly wouldn't uh belittle the part of believing because everyone starts there. You can't begin anywhere unless you believe Christ. How many believe that? &gt;&gt; And Christ is the word made flesh in every generation, in every age. And so to find this living Christ and to find him manifesting himself when he does manifest himself then we of course we we believe that with all of our heart and we trust that uh in most cases Christ was speaking his word through a prophet and though we don't make the prophet Christ we realize that the that's the manner that God chose to bring his word. Christ was revealing himself through speaking through the lips of a prophet. So many times it's related to believing the servant that he sends but also believing the word that he sends in modern times. So we will go nowhere unless we begin to believe. And the the entire message theme song was only believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. And I don't think you can come into the channel or cross over into the God of impossibilities. a God that can do the impossible unless you first begin to believe. And it's just simply believing. And then we can cross over into God into a God that all things are possible. We can't get to that until we begin to believe and begin to trust in Christ, his word. But then there are times we see in the Bible that we see Sarah, she she finally seen what the prophet was seeing. And I don't mean that she she I believe that she believed what he said. And it's important we believe the prophet. But there's a difference I'm seeing in the scripture of just believing him. There has to go through something deeper from our lives than just believing that God sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; There has to be go and that happened. Revelation is not something that you just believe something. But the believing goes deeper because you actually see something and you actually see WHAT THE PROPHET IS SEEING. NOW, we know we're not prophets and we don't see a vision like him, but yet by by vision and by uh by the way God brings revelation to his people. Then uh I looked it up one time when I was uh when I was uh younger in the ministry, I looked up vision and there were two meanings for for it. And number one, vision is like a trance and they actually used the word prophet in the definition. A trance or something you go into and we're familiar with that because how a prophet sees a vision and see he's built that way to go into that. The second meaning to vision is one who catches what what has been brought in that vision. He catches it by revelation. And it's just HAS JUST AS MUCH POWER IN IT. WHEN WE CATCH by revelation the same VISION A PROPHET CAUGHT BY A VISION, WE CATCH IT BY REVELATION. &gt;&gt; And he brother Brad even says may our young people he says may they catch the vision of the hour. And I think that's important that we all catch a vision. But when she began to see things, she began to see what the prophet seen by revelation because we know it in if Hebrews 11 ev the faith is the evidence of things not seen. So it's things that you have to see. It's something that you see by revelation. Not with these eyes, but it's something that is so visible. It's the evidence of things not seen. It's so convincing that you I YOU SAY, "I SEE IT. I SEE IT." YOU KNOW, YOU CAN PREACH something and teach something for years, maybe to your children or to people in your church. You say things for years and then all of a sudden THEIR EYES ARE OPEN AND THEY EVERYTHING'S SETTLED. I SEE IT. I SEE IT. EVERYTHING GETS BEEN SAID. I SEE WHAT THE MESSAGE IS. And we'll struggle until we get to that point. Thank you for believing it when you don't see it. But you've got to pray. Let me see it like the prophet seen it. LET ME SEE IT THE way I'm supposed to see it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, so now we we we find Sarah when she when she uh found this then she received supernatural strength. She received strength then in order to bring forth the promised it it's not just the prophet now seeing it. It's not just Abraham seeing it but Sarah herself. That's why I love how it's worded in verse 11. Through faith also Sarah herself. So it's not just the prophet sees it. IT'S NOT JUST THE PASTORS see it, BUT SARAH HERSELF A type of the bride. Sarah herself. You you have TO SAY THAT I CAUGHT IT FOR MYSELF. IT HAS TO BE AN INDIVIDUAL AFFAIR. &gt;&gt; And Sarah herself for years uh the the prophet seen it and Abraham seen it for many years. But Sarah was slow coming to it. And I believe that there's a move of God going on. There's a stir going on even within our ranks is that it is so important that WE CATCH WHAT THE PROPHET'S SEEN BECAUSE we can read it all day long. But it's important we CATCH WHAT HE'S SEEN. I find that IF PEOPLE DON'T CATCH WHAT HE'S SEEING AND HOW HE'S BRINGING it and the reason he's bringing because of what he sees, then we can make a mess of this message. &gt;&gt; Our divisions AND OUR FALSE DOCTRINES AND ALL THIS IS, YOU KNOW WHAT IT REALLY COMES DOWN TO? we're not seeing it through the same eyes of a prophet. And when we don't do that, then we'll interpret it ourselves as what we think it means. &gt;&gt; And that's a tragic thing. So, how important is it then that we see and I believe there's a real move of God going on that this is more than just God sent a prophet. This is more than just preaching God sent a prophet. This is more than just saying I'm good because I'm a part of a message church. You better make sure that message church is preaching the full revelation &gt;&gt; and not some slant or not taking us back to Pentecost or not some type of thing that that brings sometime as long as you believe God said prophet YOU'RE GOOD. NO, WE'VE GOT TO PRE HEAR THE WHOLE COUNCIL OF GOD AND SAY LORD GIVE ME A REVELATION THAT MY EYES ARE OPEN TO SEE THIS. &gt;&gt; You say I've been HERE FOR YEARS. THAT'S NOT THE QUESTION. HOW MANY YEARS YOU'VE BEEN HERE? I'M IN THE MESSAGE. I BELIEVE GOD SENT A PROPHET. THAT'S NOT THE QUESTION ANYMORE. WHAT DO YOU see &gt;&gt; this message is being? &gt;&gt; There's a move of God going on. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And I I believe there's a stir in the hearts of the people. I don't want to go back to something in the past. I don't want to just be uh presuming. Can you say amen? But I I want to see this. And that's the thing about Sarah. She not only seen the word for the day, but she's seen her identity. SHE'S SEEN WHAT GOD THOUGHT of her in the promise. She's seen it. &gt;&gt; She's seen what God thought of her in the promise, not just what he thought of Abraham, the prophet, but she's seen what God thought of her. We'll get into that just a little bit more in a minute. So, you know, the revealing of the son of man is not just one man. It is husband and wife. And one place, brother Brandham actually mentions, he mentions that son of man, we were in the time of son of God, the holy spirit. We go through a time of a son of David in the millennium. And so it's the same God coming in different offices, but he said now that we're in the time of son of man, we were 2,000 years ago and then Jesus prophesied in the revealing of the son of man, the end time, we have find that's taken place in our day. But one place he says husband and wife. So it's not just a one-man ministry, the son of man in the 2,000 years ago when the son of man was manifested the way that he was in that day, then it broke off after he left. it it didn't stop. THE SON OF MAN BROKE INTO A MANY MEMBERED BODY &gt;&gt; BAPTIZED BY HIS SPIRIT. CAN YOU SAY AMEN? &gt;&gt; SO IF THAT'S THE PATTERN OF THE SON OF MAN THAT IF WE'VE HAD A REPEAT TODAY, IT'S NOT A ONE-MAN MINISTRY. IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT BROTHER BRANDHAM AND IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT JUST THE FIVE-FOLD MINISTRY, BUT THAT SON OF MAN BREAKS INTO THE BRIDE, A MEME member bride. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT ONE MAN. AND WHEN WE LIFT UP ONE MAN, SOME PEOPLE ARE STILL DOING IT. YOU'RE MISSING THE REVELATION OF WHAT THIS SON OF man is. &gt;&gt; I don't CARE HOW BIG THE PREACHER THINKS HE IS OR THE PEOPLE LIFT HIM UP. YOU ARE MISSING THE REVELATION. CAN I SAY IT? YOU'RE MISSING WHAT THE SON OF MAN IS. IT BEGINS AS ONE man and then it ends in a many membered body. &gt;&gt; The same son of man. &gt;&gt; And that's why he had to give Sarah that revelation because she's part of the promise. It wasn't just good enough for Abra. Oh, she's good enough for Abraham. No, she had to see it herself. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, now there's a trans transition taking place that I think not too many people make, but they need to make it. And that's from believing to really seeing what this is and seeing your identity in it. God was trying to show Sher Sarah who she was. She was part of the promise. And then she finally sees herself as God sees her. What a revelation. &gt;&gt; She sees herself as God sees her as part of the promise. This is not going to come through Hagar. And and so I I just I I think it's a little bit humorous sometimes when you look at Sarah and last Sunday we talked about when the three angels came and she actually laughed in her heart. She had sarcasm in her heart. That sarcasm had grew because Abraham had been telling her this promised all these years. She had, you know, before those three angels came, one day Abraham comes in and says, "Hey, Sarah." And she goes, "Why why are you calling me Sarah? My name is Sarai. You know that we've been married for teen years. Why did you just call me Sarah?" He said, "Well, I met the Lord and he's changed our names. He changed my name from Abraham to Abraham and she's he's changed your name by the way. So you got to you got to remember now she's not she's not on board. She doesn't believe yet. It took her years to come into this revelation. &gt;&gt; So all these weird strange things are coming from her old husband and if she had sarcastic thoughts in front of the angel. I was wondering last night what kind of thoughts were going on when he says, "I just met God and your name has been changed." &gt;&gt; From Sarai to Sarah. &gt;&gt; I just wonder she's thinking, you know, and I love old people. I really do. You know, my husband, you know, it's not what she said verbally, but you know, he's he's kind of getting old here. He's off his rocker a little bit. He's a few fries short of a happy meal. you know, the the lights are on, but nobody's home or something. If she was sarcastic towards, you know, so she's thinking, you know, I love to and I don't know what to do, but okay, Abra Abraham, if that's what you want to call me, you know, it sounds a little crazy. And she if she laughed in her heart before Lord before the Lord, she's wondering about all these strange things. And she she didn't catch it. Uh even when God changed the name and all you believers should know this that the reason God changed their name is the Jewish interpreter said that Yahweh added the H from his name to Abram's name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If this doesn't make me shout, I'LL BE SURPRISED. YAHWEH HAD to add the H from his name to Abram's TO GIVE A SHARE IN HIS CREATIVE POWER. &gt;&gt; Why did Abraham need THIS POWER? BECAUSE HE AND HIS WIFE SARAI, WHOSE NAME GOD ALSO CHANGED TO SARAH BY ADDING AN H, HAD TO ADD THAT BECAUSE THEY WOULD BE A PART OF THIS CREATIVE PLAN TO BRING FORTH THE PROMISE OF GOD. I'M GOING TO TAKE MOVE YOUR NAME, PUT MY NAME IN THERE BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CREATIVE POWER OF GOD. I SAY HALLELUJAH. GOD CHANGES OUR NAME. MAYBE NOT PHYSICALLY, BUT THE BRIDE HAS A NEW NAME. &gt;&gt; CAN SOMEBODY SAY AMEN? THE BRIDE HAS A NEW NAME. &gt;&gt; And it's because she's participating in the promise of God. &gt;&gt; Put my name in there. Sarah didn't catch it. She didn't catch what was going on. But later on, I thank God. And I'll read the same quote I led to read to you last Sunday. But remember when Sarah first heard that man when she is a type of the church when she heard that seen that sign take place to Abraham, she actually laughed about it in her heart and she disbelieved and doubted it ever being. So is that right? At that time God would have rubbed her name off. That's right. BUT HE COULDN'T. SHE'S PART OF ABRAHAM. THEY are one. And if you've really NOT BEEN EXCITED, NOT WORKED UP IN AN EMOTION, NOT GOT SOME CHURCH CREED, BUT REALLY RECEIVED THE HOLY GHOST and you're really part of Christ, LISTEN NOW. AND STILL A LITTLE SKEPTIC IN YOUR MIND. &gt;&gt; Interesting way TO SAY THAT. &gt;&gt; GOD WILL NOT SHOVE YOU OFF FROM THAT BECAUSE HE CAN'T. YOU'RE A PART OF CHRIST. HE'LL BRING YOU TO TRUTH. Wish I had the whole quote there. I read it to you last Sunday. It was amazing. He says, "I'm looking out at this crowd." He says, "I can see you're disbelieving right now. I can see that you're resisting this right now." He says, "But let me give you a little spot of grace for a minute." He said, "I can see beyond that." &gt;&gt; That's why I'm preaching. We have to say see THINGS THE WAY A PROPHET SEES IT. I CAN SEE BEYOND THAT RESISTANCE, THAT REBELLION, THAT DISBELIEF. LISTEN, if we have PEOPLE IN OUR LIVES, DON'T WRITE THEM OFF. DON'T PUT THEM IN A CATEGORY JUST BECAUSE THEY'RE DISBELIEVING. OH, THEY LEFT THE MESSAGE. DON'T WE DON'T HAVE A RIGHT TO TO TO DUMP ANYBODY OUT. &gt;&gt; IF THEY'RE A CHILD OF GOD, THAT PROPHET VISION COULD LOOK, HE SAYS, I'M LOOKING BEYOND WHAT YOUR RESISTANCE IS. AND I CAN SEE YOU'RE GOING TO ACCEPT THE TRUTH SOMEDAY. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Why am I preaching this? Because we need to look at people the way God looks as sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; And we have no right and we don't know what's in a person's heart. &gt;&gt; NO MATTER HOW REBELLIOUS they are, we have no right to tell who's predestinated and who's not. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, praise the Lord. And I just love the grace part. What grace is this? And even a man that has the Holy Ghost, just still a little skeptic, God will not shove you off because he can't. You're part of Christ. He'll bring you to the truth. &gt;&gt; I'm thankful for the grace of God in my life. &gt;&gt; How many times I presented a a way that God should have shoved me off and he didn't do it. He didn't do it with you. You ought to raise your hands this morning. Say, "Thank you, Lord. You didn't shove me off. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord, for that measure of grace in my life when I didn't deserve it." That's grace, unmmerited favor. So, she finally sees what the prophet seen. And until she did, God gave grace to her until she seen what the prophet seen. Now, I'd like to bring in this morning, it might be a little strange, but I I know why I'm bringing in just for a short time. We know that there were four anointings that God sent to the church for them to be able to combat the particular antichrist spirit for their age. God set four anointings and he symbolized them as we knew. He symbolized the the different phases of the antichrist spirit in four horse riders. The white horse, the red horse, the black horse, and the pale horse. These were different ways that the antichrist would come and come upon not the world to come against the people of God. Could come against the work of God. But God in his grace sended a special anointing through the Holy Ghost. Now we know it's the Holy Ghost throughout the ages. But he sent that Holy Ghost with a particular anointing for the people if they will come in contact with it. This they have the thing that they need. The only thing that they would have to have IS TO HAVE THAT ANOINTING TO combat that particular antichrist spirit for that hour. &gt;&gt; That's God's grace as well. And so we know it was symbolized then in the anointings as a lion anointing, an ox anointing, a man anointing, and an eagle anointing. And we find them back in the Old Testament. And then it's it's brought in under the revelation of today as we see those anointings, it's brought in as those symbolisms are there. And th those who are taught and read those things, you understand it. But what I want to bring it to is in the last days, we have received an eagle anointing. &gt;&gt; It's a different anointing. We are not under the anointing of the ages before. We're under the same Holy Ghost, but we're under a specific eagle anointing. &gt;&gt; The eagle uh uh well, let me just say this first. We must work with the anointing that God has sent us. &gt;&gt; Or we not we will not be able to overcome in the last days because the people of God can only function according to the anointing God gave them. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. News flash, we're not under the lion anointing or the ox anointing or even the man anointing any anymore. &gt;&gt; We have moved to the eagle anointing. I got a few quotes to to remind you of about this. The martyrs down through the ages there suffered terribly. But what was they? They were under the inspiration, the spirit of God, the power. Don't forget this church and you brethren on tape. I want you to examine this. How could men do anything except besides the power of God that had been released to them? I'm going to set this box up here to represent if God sends a certain spirit among them, that's the only thing that they can work by is the spirit that works among them. Now, we'll prove it to you by the history of the church by the opening of the seals and the powers that let loose. And watch exactly. THE CHURCH RESPONDED TO the anointing and THEY COULDN'T DO NOTHING ELSE. NOW, HOW IMPORTANT IS THAT FOR US TO COME UNDER THE ANOINTING THAT WE'RE UNDER IN THIS HOUR? It is an eagle anointing. That means an eagle flies higher. An ox is an earthly animal. Man is an earthly creature. &gt;&gt; LION IS AN EARTHLY. SO, YOU'RE ONLY GOING TO SEE THINGS A certain way. But when he sends THE EAGLE ANOINTING AT THE LAST DAYS, he's lifting our eyesight. &gt;&gt; Can I have an AMEN THIS MORNING? HE'S LETTING US SEE WHAT OTHERS CAN'T SEE. &gt;&gt; He's letting us SEE WITH THAT ANOINTING. AND THAT WILL BE THE ANOINTING IS THE EYESIGHT TO SEE FROM THE VIEW OF AN eagle anointing. That will be the anointing. &gt;&gt; IT WON'T BE A FEELING ON YOUR FLESH. IT WON'T JUST BE SPEAKING IN TONGUES. IT WON'T BE JUST SOME MAN ANOINTING OR SOMETHING TO THE PAST. WE'LL HAVE ALL OF THAT EXCEPT FOR WE NEED THE EAGLE ANOINTING TO BE ABLE TO COMBAT THE SPIRITS OF THIS HOUR. I tell you, it takes more than a feeling or a sensation to come against the devil's we're against. &gt;&gt; It's subtle. It's sly. The Antichrist spirit is even coming in our own ranks. &gt;&gt; Come on now. Listen. It's my church. I can preach it the way I want. I guess that Antichrist spirit is not good enough. Some sign over the door that has a denomin. No, he wants to come in in all the churches. And he definitely wants to come near where the truth is being preached and bring those little denominational traits and those little things and that antichrist SPIRIT. HE WANTS TO BRING IT EVEN TO DIVIDE US. HE'LL DO IT. HE'S NOT GOING TO THE WORLD. HE'S TRYING TO COME IN. WE HAVE TO HAVE EYESIGHT. &gt;&gt; WE HAVE TO SEE THIS LIKE GOD SEES IT. &gt;&gt; We can't say, "Oh, oh, just God will take care of it." No, we want his eyesight. We want this anointing &gt;&gt; to be able to lift far above and see things the way that God sees them through this eagle anointing. He goes on to say in what shall I do with Jesus called Christ? He is thoroughly a vindicated. He is thoroughly identified. The word of this hour, the promise of this hour, not the promise of Luther's hour. That was then. That was the word in the reformation's age. And as you have heard the seven seals when the reformers age went out the beast with a face like a man organization issued. But this is the face of the eagle. The beasts that went to make the challenge today goes on to say in the Easter seal as it was in the days of Noah so shall it be in the coming of the son of man. They were eating drinking and marrying and giving in marriage. As it was in the days of Lot, so will it be in the hours that the son of man will be revealed on earth. Not son of God no more. Son of man, come back as the prophetic message for the last day when that eagle will be flying. Not the lion, not the ox of the sacrifice age. And you realize the reason people could stand in the in the time of the red horse rider and be actually slayed, actually cut aunder, THEIR HEADS CUT OFF, STAND THERE AND NOT DENY CHRIST. HOW DO YOU NO human being could be able to do that on THEIR OWN. THEY WERE UNDER THE OX ANOINTING, THE SACRIFICIAL ANOINTING. AND THE ONLY WAY THAT THEY OVERCOME WAS THROUGH THE ANOINTING. &gt;&gt; If that was true back then, it's true today. &gt;&gt; You're not going to get by with just a man anointing today. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, let me be under the this Holy Ghost anointing for this hour. &gt;&gt; They only survive. They only overcome based upon that. And he goes on, let me finish this quote. Every time, excuse me now, not but the message of the last day when the eagle will be flying, not uh not the lion, not the ox of the sacri every time a religious power went forth to meet the challenge of the political power of the world. When the lion raised up the religious power, it went to meet the Roman power. And when they when come the sacrifice hour, the ox went because he's the sacrifice beast of the word. Then come the reformers down through the church ages. come to the face of a man and the reformers had been since Luther Wesley and Calvin on down Pentecostal age. So if you don't understand the man anointing was in Luther's day and Wesley's day and and the Pentecostal day. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; They were still under a man anointing until the word was open to us by the seven seals being open. Until the word was open, we didn't have the eagle anointing. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. The eagle anointing was NOT PENTECOST. WOO! FLY ABOVE. THIS IS THE EAGLE AGE. NO, NO, NO. IT had so much deeper meaning than that. &gt;&gt; But the Pentecost and Luther, they had debates back in Luther Luther's day, Calvin's day. They had great debates of the scripture. God putting anointing on man to be able to debate and debate doctrine and to settle things and to be able to bring that in a real debating way. That's why it's hard intellectually to go up against a real studied person of the scripture from seminary. Sometimes if you try to combat them with just your mind, you might lose. &gt;&gt; I won't ask for a show of hands, but some of you have lost arguments. &gt;&gt; You know why? Because they're under a certain anointing that this will solve it. If I just go to seminary or learn enough of this, I can tie people in knots with this. And I'm right. &gt;&gt; Sure. But we have a deeper anointing than that. &gt;&gt; It's eyes to see. &gt;&gt; It's seeing like the ego. It's seeing like a prophet sees things, not as man sees it. &gt;&gt; You try to take a man anointing and go up against just a man and go up against what we're going up against today. it won't necessarily have the power with it because God has sent us another anointing that's deeper for the more subtle works of the antichrist that we have working among us today. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, let me finish this. Then when the reformers down through the ages come to a face of a man and the reformers have been since Luther, Wesley, and Calvin, I'm certainly not those who are listening online and those who are listening maybe on the broadcast. Listen, I'm certainly not belittling the the godly men of God throughout the ages that had Christ and preached, sacrificed, lived the life under their anointing. They were men of God. &gt;&gt; And I quote from some of them and I acknowledge them. I never believe the Christ that they had. BUT I CANNOT GO BACK AND LIVE UNDER THAT anointing and make it work for today. I MUST RECOGNIZE THAT GOD HAS SENT US AN EAGLE ANOINTING AND I must see things deeper than just a man anointing. &gt;&gt; The last message that went forth there come a flying eagle. It's eagle time, revealed time. The word of God made manifest the word of God proved. It is eagle time. &gt;&gt; Can you say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; What's my pastor doing this morning? Well, I'm not going to hand out eagle belt buckles. That's for sure. I'm not emphasizing some symbolism because that's another cultist thing. It's just they have the symbolism. Symbolism over substance. I don't want the symbolism. I want the substance. &gt;&gt; And I just say this is that it's a beautiful thing to have a picture of the pillar of fire, but I would rather have the pillar of fire working amongst his people than have a picture of it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I believe in the cloud. We don't have a huge amount of pictures of that. I've got one. But you see now, I don't emphasize that was a sign for the end time of what God was doing. I don't make that a symbol that I'm in the rapture. No, I don't want to just see that's our Lord up there and I want to see that Lord that's in that picture working among his people every Sunday, every day. &gt;&gt; I don't need a picture. I NEED THE SUBSTANCE OF WHAT THAT IS. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; So I want to make it clear in history now. They could not combat the spirit of their age outside of the anointing God sent. We are not even under a Pentecostal anointing, a man anointing. What spirit is it that takes us back to that? What kind of influence is the spirit that would take us back to the the traditions and the the the mannerisms and all of the things to try to take us back and say that's the thing that we're missing and that's the thing that we need. We've got to go back to that because that's what we've fallen away from. No, the church is not falling away. She's actually growing higher and deeper in the word if she'll follow the word. If she don't follow the word, she'll fall back. &gt;&gt; But but listen, I am right really concerned with something, some influence that wants us to take us back under a a man or a Pentecostal anointing. &gt;&gt; I hope I don't offend anybody today, but but I'm concerned and you should be concerned of that. You should pray and say, "Lord, Lord, I I want to know what you have sent us in this hour, the full impact of what you've sent us, and I want to be living in that every day. I want my eyes to be open and I WANT TO BE LIKE SARAH. I WANT TO SEE IT AND I WANT TO RECEIVE STRENGTH THAT I NEED IN THIS hour &gt;&gt; for what you've sent. So we respect you know uh let me just move on here. I've got a lot but uh you know we need eyesight and when we see eyesight like Sarah we see our identity what God's thoughts are of us. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; You'll never meet the challenges today with an anointing from the past. God's word moves. &gt;&gt; For our visitors here who may not see the pattern or something, I just step back and just explain this a little bit. In the Old Testament, when they had the tabernacle and the tent and they put it up, they built it, put it up so they could meet God and that's where the word was. That's where they met God. And then when the pillar of fire and the cloud when it began to move, the people says time to move. So they'd pull up the stakes and they moved according to where that pillar of fire was moving and they moved everything and then they set the tent in the place wherever that stopped. That shows a pattern in the scripture. We have to move when the Lord is moving. &gt;&gt; We can't stay back in some denominational system or some denominational understanding of the word. I respect and I could as I said last Sunday, listen, I said I didn't say it. The prophet said if if we're under the the the blood of Jesus Christ and that man believes that I can shake his hand and call him brother. That's in God in simplicity at the beginning of the seals. &gt;&gt; And I don't think that changed after the seals. &gt;&gt; I can shake his hand and call him brother if he believes in the blood of Jesus Christ. That's it. But listen, I hope you didn't misunderstand me. We can shake hands and be a brother and respect anyone. But to shake hands and join the hands of fellowship with a denominational system, that's where I draw the line. &gt;&gt; I don't have a right to draw my line on the the love of God, the brotherhood. I should hold that in my heart. But listen, I'm not going to join hands with fellowship. That's something that's going to influence me to take me to the past. The pillar of fire is moving. You got to move with the pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; You got to move where God moves. So that same pillar of fire that moved that 10 in the Old Testament. Is it okay if I just explain this? That same pillar of fire now coming in the New Testament when the the church was destroyed by denominational systems when they had a conference at NASA and split God into three persons and all this began to happen. The church began to be affected by it and by by the time that the end of that we come to a thing called all historians called the dark ages. Why was it dark? THERE WAS HARDLY ANY LIGHT. The the the church had taken our Bibles away. They had IT'S LIKE JEZEBEL. SHE CUT OFF ALL THE PROPHETS OF GOD. &gt;&gt; IT WAS A JEZEBEL SPIRIT THAT COME IN THE FALSE CHURCH AND CUT OFF ALL THE GODLY MEN. CUT THE WORD OUT OF THEIR LIVES. WHEN you cut THE WORD, YOU CUT THE LIGHT. &gt;&gt; So people lived in the dark ages. And then God said, "I will restore." He begins to move in Luther through justification. The purifier moved in him. The piper moved the church from Lutheranism to from Luther to Wesley. And that was a further revelation of the word. And if you didn't move with that, THEN YOU DRIED UP AND DIED under that Luther's message. &gt;&gt; I'm talking collectively now. You if you didn't move, there's a lot of people said, "No, we're going to put a period on this. We're staying. This is we are now Lutheran and still go on today. I'll shake hands and be brother with anybody. But if you tie to the system that holds you back from moving on, &gt;&gt; that's where that's where we have to disagree because it moved to Wesley sanctification. Then it didn't stay there. The purifier moved into Pentecostal restoration of the gifts. &gt;&gt; And if you stayed in Wesleyanism, you dried up and died because why? The word was moving to more restoration. &gt;&gt; And then there was another move of God. Now there was a the same Leodysian age where both of these things take place. But there was another moving that you had to move with and that is out of all the systems once again because Pentecost had become systems instead of the purity it had at the beginning it had become systems. Where did they get you? Excuse me. Those who know these things just act like you don't know them right now. &gt;&gt; I want to make sure that our our children even understand where we're at. you understand is that this is a move of God. This is the pillar of fire moving. If we we have to follow where God's moving. &gt;&gt; That's why so many people if they don't understand this, they go back. They go back to that. SAY THAT'S NO. NO, WE'RE NOT GOING BACKWARDS to that. We can be brothers with anybody, but we're not going back to that. So the word moves us. And if we'd have stayed in Westianism, we'd have dried up and died being tied to that system because what the word moved out of there and begin to take us further. Then it comes in Pentecost. And guess what? Then they dried up in denominational systems. They dried up because why? There was another moving to another anointing, an eagle anointing. &gt;&gt; If you don't move with the word &gt;&gt; even this morning, &gt;&gt; God's showing you something. You need to trust him enough to say, "I'm moving where the word's moving me." &gt;&gt; You don't need a picture of the pillar of fire. You need to say, 'Lord, what's the pillar of fire burning in my heart right now? &gt;&gt; How is he moving my heart closer to the word of God? &gt;&gt; All those in the book of Revelation are called daughters, not the people, but the systems of denomination come from the mother system. The first organized system, just don't be offended. Now, the first organized system was the Catholic Church. &gt;&gt; They call themselves the original church. They're not the original church. The original church was in the day of Pentecost. &gt;&gt; Attached themselves to the original church. Attached Peter as the first pope who wasn't even in Rome. &gt;&gt; Develop denominations and split God into three persons. This is a serious thing. It's like what's going on here. This is the mystery. I'm preaching to you. The mystery behind church history &gt;&gt; that there's a true church and there's a false church that looked every bit close as the true thing. &gt;&gt; Nicicoatan spirit. read your Bible. It's in the book of Revelations. It's all there. &gt;&gt; So, she was the first system. And then as the restoration come along, then Satan said, "Well, I'll do this again." And systems, not the people, but systems of denomination. The daughters in Revelation is called the daughters of the mother of harlots. That's what the Bible calls it. I didn't. The Bible said it. This a serious thing. Why did he say the mother of harlots? Because it's a woman. A woman types the church in the Bible. This is the type of the church, but a false church. &gt;&gt; A false system. So we realize that when that type of denominational slant comes up in other churches and they set up their system just like the mother set up their system. And really in a nutshell what it is is that they take their Bibles and they decide what they believe and they put a period on God and say this is our church belief. We'll put it in writing and this is it. And we don't go back. We don't go beyond. We're staying right here. And that's what denominational systems do. &gt;&gt; And if they're staying there, the people are staying there. &gt;&gt; Never move beyond it. Never grow beyond it. So that's a serious thing when you got a restoration of God going back to the life and back to the real thing, back to a people being set free from denominational systems and you got Satan that jumps right in to bind the people up again. Today we're full of about 35,000 different denominations, not other religions. 35 different denominations within Christianity. And most all of them think they're right. &gt;&gt; Well, they're not right. And we're not right. Everyone say they're right. There's no church right. The word is right. &gt;&gt; The word is right. Can you say amen? that that kind of rubs our message skin the wrong way for a little bit the wrong way. But listen, don't rise up and say we're the only ONES THAT'S RIGHT. GOD IS RIGHT. THE WORD IS RIGHT. AND IF WE FOLLOW THAT, then we'll become right. But listen now, we don't have a right to have A MONOPOLY ON GOD OR on his word. LET THE WORD DO HIS WORK IN PEOPLE'S LIVES. &gt;&gt; DON'T BIND IT UP AGAIN. IT'S BEEN BOUND UP FOR 2,000 YEARS, BUT IT'S TO BE LOOSED IN THE EVENING TIME. BY THE EVENING time message. &gt;&gt; AND WHEN HE LOOSES THE WORD TO THE PEOPLE, it means he wants to LOOSE THE PEOPLE AND SET THEM free as well. &gt;&gt; Your families are free. Your marriages ARE FREE. YOUR LIFE IS FREE. YOUR MIND IS FREE. &gt;&gt; GOD IS ALL ABOUT FREEDOM. YOU SHALL KNOW THE TRUTH AND THE TRUTH SHALL SET YOU FREE. &gt;&gt; Blessed be his name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I don't know why I took that time to do that, but I felt led to do it. &gt;&gt; Follow the pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Follow where the word's leading. He changes dispensations. &gt;&gt; My dad used to say it this way. He said, "Justification, they built a wall. Sanctification, they built a wall. Pentecost, they built a wall." But he said, "God's building a whole building, not just three walls." That's right. &gt;&gt; And my dad would say, he'd say, "People got in Luther's day and they started building on that wall of justification and putting those bricks up. We're building a wall. We're building a wall. Glory." And then the Holy Spirit comes and says, "We're turning a corner because we're building a building here. &gt;&gt; We're building a building." And God gave John Wesley the revelation of sanctification and they turned a corner. But people said, "No, no, no. I don't want I'm going to keep building the wall of Luther. I'm going to keep doing that." And you're bu still building out there. somewhere forgot to turn the corner. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; Built sanctification. Then God turned a tor corner back. Pentecost restoration of the gifts, restoration of the blessings, all those other things. But some kept on building that sanctification message. &gt;&gt; They didn't move with God. &gt;&gt; And then he said, my dad said, God's building a building. And Pentecost did not turn the corner &gt;&gt; to this final move of God. this final eagle anointing. &gt;&gt; This isn't into this isn't this morning to to belittle any other move of God. They were moves of God. This is to encourage you. You can't stop and keep building. You have to turn and move when God moves you. &gt;&gt; And that's what we want to do as Christians today. We want to keep building. And any spirit that comes and says, "This is it. Period. We're done." You will dry up and die &gt;&gt; just like any other church &gt;&gt; because it works the same way. &gt;&gt; You'll make the message a denomination. &gt;&gt; Can I say it? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, we're called to a we're called to a different time. Can you say amen? We're called to a different anointing. And you know, we don't want to just live on the anointing. One of the things with Pentecost is just to get a fe just a feeling. And the feeling was good enough. And you can feel so anointed. And I believe I believe in that. But it has to be more than just a feeling. You know, the other night, a couple weeks ago, uh we had our devotions and I was very sincerely in prayer, very anointed in prayer. And I was praying there with all the couples. And you're all supposed to be closing your eyes, so I hope you didn't see this. But that dog in my house came up while I was under the anointing praying. And it was just like the devil. It was just so much like the devil. You know, I don't like dogs. But while I'm under this strong anointing, this dog comes up to me. Now, he usually wags his tail when he wants me to put him out. I don't have a dog. My son-in-law lives with me. He has a dog. I don't like dogs. I long for the day. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I I that dog usually wags it tail. It's It's growling at me while I'm praying. While I'm in the holiest of holies. I don't know if you seen it. Hopefully you didn't. But I'm praying and I kept praying. I just kicked that dog in the face. I'm not going to ask who's seen it because it would embarrass me so bad. My wife started laughing. She had to pull over because she started laughing. I'm just I did it two or three times. Get out of here. Pray. And I actually almost spilled out, Lord, can I please pray that there'd be no dogs in heaven. And I know that's not I know there's quotes you're going to give me. There's going to be dogs in heaven. But I was under an anointing. And the devil was trying to take that away from me. And I'll tell you, when we get under the true anointing of this hour, get ready for the enemy to fight you. &gt;&gt; And it's not just a feeling or an emotion. This is so much deeper than that. This is an eyesight that we see like we've never seen before. How many raise your hand? I want that, Brother Paul. &gt;&gt; I want to be under that anointing that my eyes can see. Uh why am I bringing this up? Because if that is the anointing we're under, what is the nature of it? It's an eagle. It's a prophet. Prophets in the Bible are typed as eagles. They're seers. They see things. And we are privileged to be lifted up to see everything from an eagle's perspective. Can you say amen? Not earthly. Lion, ox, and man. That's really They needed that back then. But we're going to need the Holy Ghost today to come if there's an eagle anointing and to live under that eagle anointing. Can you say amen? Here's an example of being lifted to what the prophecies. 2 Kings 6:13. Can you guys pull up 2 Kings 6:19 if you want to put turn your Bibles to it? 2 Kings 6. 2 Kings 6 and verse 13. 2 Kings 6 and verse 13. Quick example here if we could. Do you guys have that? And he said, "Go and spy where he is." They're trying to find Elisha that I may send and fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan. And therefore sent he horses and chariots, and a great host. And they came by night, and compassed the city about. And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, a host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, "Alas, my master." Now, just stop right here. He's the one to get up and maybe make the coffee. He's up. Elisha's probably still sleeping. He looks out the window. Why? He puts the stuff in the carriage and he looks out and there's a whole host surrounding their house. &gt;&gt; That's what he sees. &gt;&gt; And he says, "Wake up. Where's Wait a minute. Wake up, Elisha. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. Don't you care? Alas, my master, what are we going to do? Wake up." And he wakes up. And he answered, "Fear not, for they that be with us are more than they that be with them." &gt;&gt; Prophetic eye is seeing it different. &gt;&gt; This is the servant of the Lord. Now here we have a we have a thing. This servant of the Lord, he's a faithful servant. You know what he say going to say? If the prophet said it, I believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. If the prophet said that there's more with us, I don't see what he's seeing, but I believe what he says because he's God's prophet. &gt;&gt; But look at this transition. Look at this transition. &gt;&gt; And Elisha prayed and said, "Lord, I pray thee, open his eyes that he may see." Yes. &gt;&gt; And the Lord opened the eyes of the young man, and he saw, and behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha. &gt;&gt; It's the transition. &gt;&gt; He believes God sent a prophet. He believes what the prophet said. And that's the first step. But can you imagine, friends, that the Elijah prays, "Let them see. Let him see. He's not a prophet. He's just a servant." But guess what? into this calling of this hour. The servants, the bride can see what the prophet sees. &gt;&gt; Somebody ought to PRAISE THE LORD. &gt;&gt; LORD, LET ME SEE WHAT THE WAY THE GOD SEEING IT. &gt;&gt; LET MY EYES SEE THINGS THE WAY GOD SEES IT. SOME OF YOU YOUNG PEOPLE, SOME OF YOU DIFFERENT ONES, SOME OF YOU OLDER ONES, YOU LOOK AT SOME OF THOSE QUOTES AND YOU'RE GOING, I DON'T KNOW WHY HE SAID THAT. THAT'S HIS OWN OPINION OF HOW TO DRESS. AND YOU you just quickly CONCLUDE AND MARK IT OFF AND JUST SAY THAT'S HIS OPINION. YOU BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU DO BECAUSE IT MAY BE YOU CAN'T SEE IT YET. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE WHEN YOU SEE IT THE WAY GOD IS SEEING IT, YOU'LL SEE IT IS THAT GOD HAS SENT HIS WORD TO YOUNG GIRLS AND WOMEN IN THIS GENERATION TO ESCAPE THE LUST AND TO ESCAPE THE IMMODEST spirit that's here. &gt;&gt; Amen. young boy, get into that message and pray and say, "God, let me see what you're saying here. Let me see it the way God is seeing it." &gt;&gt; I sent a little quote to the youth the other night in our chat. I just said, "What I appreciate as a young man, as I begin to read, choosing of a bride." Can you imagine? Can you imagine a title of a sermon that God breathed on this generation? How to choose a bride. Why did he have to have a title like that? Why did he have to speak something like that to this generation? because of the condition we're in. 60% DIVORCE. &gt;&gt; AND GOD IS SAYING, I WANT YOU TO KNOW FROM MY WORD HOW TO MAKE A DECISION OF CHARACTER. &gt;&gt; I love you so much THAT I'LL TELL IT LIKE it is. Don't choose that thing with caked on makeup and scantily dressed clothes and don't choose on beauty and something that's pretty, BUT CHOOSE CHARACTER. THEN IF SHE'S PRETTY, FINE. THAT'S FINE. BUT IT'S SECONDARY TO THE CHARACTER OF THE WORD. THAT'S GOD BREATHING ON THIS GENERATION TO OUR YOUNG PEOPLE AND TO ALL OF US. HE'S SAYING, "I'LL ADDRESS THAT SITUATION. I'LL SPEAK THAT. AND IF you'll see it the way I see it, it's the greatest blessing this generation has ever received." Somebody ought to shout, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. God opened the servant's eyes that he can see. And he looked and there was the army and he seen there was more with him. You know, brother Eli was on those dimensions Wednesday night. The two scriptures tie it together. What a wonderful service. We're called to heavenly places, the believer's position in Christ. So, it's not us. It's not flesh and blood. It's it's it's we're called to something our theophies. And that body has never failed. That body is a word body. Can you say amen? We're hearing from that. So this is a another dimension. That's why I preached last Sunday to you is that we battle not against flesh and blood. And then he says at the end of that scripture he says but principalities powers spiritual wickedness in high places. So you have heavenly places and then you have high places that's fighting against it in the other other dimension. You know, Brother Bram said in a service, he said, now he said, I can see, he said, in this, you can't see it, but he says, angels of God are here and the demons are here, and there's a battle going on, and your faith determines which way that battle goes. &gt;&gt; Absolutely true. &gt;&gt; Now, this morning, we still are not able with our eyes to see that with these eyes, but it's the same in the service this morning. It's in the other dimension. There's spiritual religious demons in high places that's even messing with your mind even maybe now to CAUSE YOU TO DOUBT. BUT YET IN HEAVENLY PLACES, WE HAVE A POSITION IN JESUS CHRIST. AND IF WE'LL STAND IN THAT POSITION, WE RECEIVE THE strength to go against the demonic forces. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And that's what that's what the servant is saying. Okay, I just Elisha just said there's more with us than with him. I believe what the prophet said. But then his eyes were open. He could see the chariots of fire. God had chariots of fire before it was a movie. By the way, he could see it. And he could see, you know, what he said is the truth. You know, there's some people that's there's some real vindication coming to them that have come against this message. They're going to find out someday you fought against the wrong thing &gt;&gt; because you didn't see it. I say that respectfully. I pray for their souls. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't write anybody off, &gt;&gt; but it's just because they don't see it. And Elijah's servant says, "I see it now. There's more with us." And when you're fighting demons every day, you remember there's more with you &gt;&gt; than is with them. &gt;&gt; Greater is he that is within you &gt;&gt; than he that is in the world. &gt;&gt; Here's another one more quote I wanted to read to you. It's a little bit lengthy, but I'll end on this. a young man or a young woman or a woman or man asked Brother Bham this question and it was amazing how he responded to it. He said, "I lived many years in sin until I found the Lord. Please, Brother Brandham, I have sinned again and I'm not worthy to come before you in this holy place. Please tell me if I can be restored whole again. Yes, you have not sinned, my friend, so far in God. But what you could be restored, if you had sinned so far that you could not be restored, you'd never want to be restored. &gt;&gt; Now, I just I'm reading this to show we have to see things through God's eyes, eagle anointing, or the devil will beat us up &gt;&gt; in our mistakes and our unbelief. I would love to I would like the man in the Bible that Jesus said, "Lord, I believe, but help thou my unbelief." That's the way I pray because I know sometimes in my heart, you have little questions, whatever. But I say, "God, dissolve all the unbelief out of my heart." &gt;&gt; Absolutely. But when we see things the way God's seen and how he's answering this question, this is looking from an eagle anointing, from a grace anointing, from from the way the prophet sees US BECAUSE HE HIMSELF HAS DEALT WITH HIS MISTAKES, BUT HE HAS FOUND TRUTH ABOUT HOW TO DEAL WITH YOUR MISTAKES AGAINST THE ENEMY. &gt;&gt; He says some he said you never want to be restored. You see, but as long as there's something dealing with your heart, you're still in line of restoration. Guilty of the least is guilty of the whole. I have sinned many times. Every day, every one of us do things that we don't want to do. Did I just hear the prophet of God say that I have sinned many times? &gt;&gt; And it's a bit quiet in here. &gt;&gt; The prophet of God for this age. &gt;&gt; I have sinned many times. Every day, every one of us do things that we don't want to do. It's in our heart. you don't want to be that way or you wouldn't ask this question. &gt;&gt; You see that itself that's itself a proof that God still is dealing with you. You've probably gotten nervous. Probably Satan telling you that you can't be restored. He's lying. Certainly he is. Because look, if there's a deep calling, there's got to be a deep to respond. &gt;&gt; It goes to show that you only fell from grace. I'm skipping through the quotes a little bit. Goes to show that you only fell from grace. Backsliding is not lost. I want somebody to tell me where backsliding is lost and prove it in the Bible. Backslider is not lost. He's just out of fellowship. &gt;&gt; Israel backslid, but they never lost their covenant. &gt;&gt; THEY LOST THEIR PRAISES AND JOY. DAVID LOST THE JOY OF HIS SALVATION WHEN HE TOOK BASHEBA, URIAH'S WIFE, BUT HE NEVER LOST HIS SALVATION. &gt;&gt; HE LOST THE JOY OF HIS SALVATION. What's that song? We're going to have the choir come and sing it. I think I I lost a lot of things. I LOST THIS, BUT I NEVER LOST MY JOY. &gt;&gt; I never lost my hope. Can you say amen? There's certain THINGS THAT SATAN CAN'T TAKE AWAY FROM YOU. &gt;&gt; He'd like to. &gt;&gt; He said, he never said, "Restore to me the salvation." Said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." Oh, there's so much of this legalism today that touch not, taste not. You don't do things legally. I didn't come to this church tonight legally. I FEEL TIRED. I'VE BEEN NERVOUS. I'M UPSET. I'M WONDERING ABOUT SOMETHING THAT'S out before me. My heart's burning. Even as such as much to MY HEART'S FLUTTERING WHILE HE'S STANDING THERE PREACHING. I GOT A CRAMP PAIN RIGHT at this minute. Just shooting BACK AND FORTH UP AND DOWN THROUGH HERE. WEAK, NERVOUS, TREMBLY. Catch a a hold here and squeeze. I GOT MY TOES SQUEEZED UP IN MY SHOES. I FELT ANYTHING BUT COME DOWN HERE TO CHURCH. Why did I come then? Because I love God. &gt;&gt; Just sending out a message for those who sit at home. I I I feel oh just there's something not quite right. And the prophet's standing here with a cramp, curled up toes, &gt;&gt; feeling the burdens and all kinds of things, weighing on his shoulder. &gt;&gt; If this was a legal thing, he said, "I don't do this for a legal thing. We don't come to church." Boy, I could preach right now and say some things. &gt;&gt; We're getting people are getting lazy. Can you say amen? When the Bible says you come together so much the more as you see the day approaching, &gt;&gt; you think you don't need it, but you do need it. You need the body of Christ. I said it last Sunday. You need to be in the presence of the Lord. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And can you still be a Christian? Brother Bren's going to say it here in a minute. You can still be a Christian. But you see now there's a love of God that wells up on our soul that I want to hear the word. I want to be in his presence. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; You don't you don't sit home. You don't I don't you know I don't like that. Excuses. Excuses. There's a song that says excuses. Excuses. You hear them every day. &gt;&gt; I don't even remember the words, but I'm at quartet. Maybe we can sing that one. It's amazing the excuses. But he's he's under this cramp pain. I felt anything but come down here. Why did I come then? Because I love God. Live or die. I'm a stand here for him. It's not because I have to. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't care about whether I did or not. If I die, I'd go to heaven anyhow. But I'm coming because I love him. You serve God because you love him, not because you just got to do it. Because you love him enough. If you make a mistake, you don't sin willfully. You just done something wrong. See, you've slipped back. True. You was up here in fellowship. You've dropped back down into this moss down here again. But what is it? It's just like an eagle. One time I saw up here at Cincinnati Zoo. I took Sarah and was going down there. If anything I've seen that hurt me is to see something pinned up. I just can't stand to see anything in a cage, even little birds. He says just after that in the quote, he said, "I'd like to go into all these homes and just open the cages and let all the little birds out." Then how about that big eagle? He's a heavenly bird. He lives way above the clouds. That's where he goes of the morning, way so high, nothing else can follow him. Not another bird. He would disintegrate in the air if you tried to follow him. He's a specialmade bird. And then somebody had caught him in a man-made trap. He had caught this big eagle and put him in his cage. I thought, "Oh my, isn't that terrible? I wish they'd sell him to me. I'd pawn my ford to buy him just to turn him loose." Oh, it made me feel so sad. That poor big bird there beat the feathers. I thought that's the most horrible SIGHT I'VE EVER SEEN. NO, NO, I TAKE IT BACK. THE MOST HORRIBLE SIGHT I'VE EVER SEEN IS A MAN BORN TO BE A son of God and then pinned up in some creed. and he looks up there and sees a God that he really wants to serve, but he just can't do it. They won't let him do it. See, pinned up. That's a horrible thing. Yes, sister, brother. Now, he goes back to the question. Ever who wrote this? If you have fallen down here, that don't mean you're lost. You're just an eagle got into a pen. That's all. You're caged up down here in sin again. You don't want to be there. That's the reason you're looking upward. There you are. Oh, brother Brandham, I once lived up there. Is there is there a way here? Yes. You may think you're tied too, brother, sister, that wrote this question. You may think the devil has got you tied down there, but he's lying. There was one time a man come to earth, Jesus Christ, the son of God. He untied you. &gt;&gt; Don't you believe it? You don't have to stay down there. No, sir. I'm closing the service. I'm saying from this, you don't have to stay bound. You don't have to stay down there. &gt;&gt; You can see things the way God sees him from an eagle's perspective. &gt;&gt; That's right. He died in your place to take away your sins. You just believe on him, flop your wings, and fly away with the rest of him. Don't stay in that pit of the devil. No, sir. Now, will you lay your hands? They they said in the question they said will you lay your hands on upon me and free from that sister dear or brother dear? Sure I'd lay hands on you but that wouldn't free you. &gt;&gt; It's amazing isn't it? I'd hand laid hands on you but it wouldn't free you. Would you would what would free you is to understand that you're already free. Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; It's not laying on hands. It's under It's It's seeing something. &gt;&gt; It's seeing you're already free. &gt;&gt; You're already untied. You don't have to worry about being free. You're already free. Jesus made you free. Be not again entangled again with the yoke OF BONDAGE. YOU'RE FREE AS YOU CAN BE. YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE TANGLED UP. Laying my hands on you is just a tradition. We might do that. &gt;&gt; That why I could do that. BUT THAT STILL WOULDN'T SET YOU FREE UNTIL YOU ACCEPT WHAT HE DONE FOR YOU. THAT'S JUST ME SAYING, "LORD, I believe it." &gt;&gt; AMEN. SOMEBODY GIVE GLORY to the Lord. HE'S ALREADY SET you free. HE'S ALREADY SET YOU FREE. HE'S ALREADY SOMEBODY RAISE YOUR HANDS. STAND TO YOUR FEET. SAY, "LORD, YOU'VE ALREADY SET ME FREE THIS MORNING. You've already given me freedom in this word. YOU'VE MADE ME AN EAGLE. I ALWAYS WILL BE AN EAGLE. I CAN RISE ABOVE ANY SITUATION." YOU KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT? It's seeing things through God's eyesight. &gt;&gt; YOU HAVE TO SEE YOURSELF. &gt;&gt; SEE YOURSELF AS GOD SEES YOU. You have to see your victory as God sees your victory. You have to look at it not through flesh and blood. Not through flesh and blood, but to look at it through God's eyes. One day Sarah caught it. It doesn't even show when she caught it. It just knows. It just says she received strength. She received seed. She brought forth the promised son. But what day she caught it? She was being uh uh sarcastic to those angels, even to the Lord. I didn't laugh. She denied it. She lied to the Lord. Write her off. No, can't write her off. She's a daughter of God. One day, something her eyes were open and she seen it. Like the prophet Abraham, I see it. I see it. And I believe the moment she seen it, her body began to receive strength. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm glad to live a life that I might lose a lot of things, but I never lost. Can you pull that song up? I love that song. Why don't we have the choir? You can sing it right there in your seats. Who Who leads it, Kenny? Come on. We need a lead. Gideon, come and lead it. I'm forming my own choir here this morning because we're going to worship the Lord. Grab your mic there. Any of the choir, anybody who knows this, I've lost some good friends a long life's way. Some loved ones departed in heaven to stay. But thank God I didn't lose everything. How many raise your hand say? Thank God I didn't LOSE EVERYTHING. THERE'S CERTAIN THINGS I can't lose. &gt;&gt; I've lost some good friends along. Some love departed in heaven to stay. But thank God I didn't lose everything. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I've lost people. &gt;&gt; That's right. Who said they care in the time of my crisis? They were never there. But in my disappointments, in my sinless pain, oh, one thing ever wavered, one thing ever changed. &gt;&gt; Sing it now. Hallelujah. I never lost my home. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; I never lost my joy. Oh, no, no, no. I never lost my faith, but most of all, I never lost my praise. Still here my praise. Yes, still. I've left some blessings just slip away. Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I've lost my focus and went astray. But thank God I didn't lose everything. Hallelujah. Oh, and I've lost possessions that were so dear. Oh, and I've lost some battles, my walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggle, in my Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, one thing ever w I never lost my home. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord, I never I never lost my soul. No, no, no. I never lost my faith. But most of all, oh, I never lost my friend. I never lost my hope. I never lost my hope. Oh, I never I never lost my joy. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, most of all, I never lost my praise. Yeah. Yeah. Praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody said, "Praise the Lord." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. We're grateful, Lord Jesus. Praise him. him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Jesus, blessed savior. He's worthy. This is time to praise him. Singing now. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Oh Jesus, blessed savior, is worthy to be. Oh, from the rising of the sun until the going out of the He is worthy. Jesus is worthy. He's worthy to be praised. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Jesus, blessed savior, worthy to be. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads this morning. If you would just turn, lay your hands on your brother and sister. Pray for one of this mo one of this beloved next to you here this morning. We certainly heard something from the Lord today, I believe, that would encourage us to stand in our position in heavenly places in Christ and know that there's no enemy that can be bigger than the promise. How many believe there's no problem bigger than the promise of this hour and you're a part of that promise. You have to believe that and see it the way God sees it. Heavenly Father, let us see it just the way you've seen us before the foundation of the world. Let our eyes Lord be anointed with Isaab that we could see. That's what we needed in the leosian generation, a blind church. But Lord, you have given us eagle eagle eyes, Lord. And look at the whole panorama and look above it all and be able to see where we've come from, where we're going, who we are, Lord. And there is no devil in hell. There's no power of the enemy. There's no doubt. There's no fear that can ever be bigger than that. And I'm so thankful, Lord, to be your son. I'm thankful for this people who love the word of God. And Lord, something that goes beyond just something surface when we worship and express oursel exuberantly this morning, Lord. It goes deeper than just a feeling. Lord, what there's no better place than to take our emotions and our our our love for you than to you, Father, and express it. We love and thank you, Lord, for what you've spoken to us. And we pray you take each one now, Lord, in your presence. May you go with them, Lord. May they live in this truth and live under this anointing for this hour. Every day, every teenager, may they live under this anointing. If they don't have the Holy Ghost, I pray, Lord, that they get such a hunger in their heart, Lord, to be filled. I pray and they wouldn't leave you Lord until they've had that satisfying portion. Bless it Lord Jesus. There's no devil in hell that can keep us from your promise and we believe that in Jesus name. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Do you love him this morning? Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Thank you Lord Jesus. He's promised to hold my hand. You know that he's promised to hold my hand. He's promised to help me stand when the valley's too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. His promise is a light my way. Never let my feet to stray. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promise. Sing it again. Oh, he's promised me. Oh my. Hallelujah. Help me stand with the valleys to flow and the rivers to wide. He promised he will lead me to the other side. Oh, his promise is a light my way. Never let my feet too strain. Giving his word I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Oh, I may have to walk through the valley of death. And I may not be sure of my very next step. He's promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand with the valleys to flow and the rivers to wide. Promise he will leave you to the other side. His promise is a light my way. Never let my feet to stray. Living in his word, I will overcome. standing on his promise one by one. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Brother Kyle, it's good to have you this morning. Would you come and close us in prayer? Would you mind doing that? God bless you, Brother Kyle. My heart visiting him and his wife and family today. Praise the Lord. Forgive me for getting a little emotional. If you or I were to leave, I I might dance today because I'm living in the liberties of the Lord Jesus Christ. No matter how bad our week would go, no matter where the what the devil speaks to us, I want to see through God's eyes. I want to see others through God's eyes. I want to see me through God's eyes. I want to see this word, this message. I want to I want to catch the thought of what he meant when he said it. &gt;&gt; And guess what? We can catch that thought &gt;&gt; by revelation. That way we're not interpreting things oursel. We're walking on this earth as our brother Eli said Wednesday night. We're voices. What's the other dimension? We're vocalizing that word &gt;&gt; in the earth because Jesus prayed, "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. We're pulling from that other dimension and building that kingdom here on earth in our home." Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Kyle. &gt;&gt; It's great to have you this morning, brother. God bless you. appreciate you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; God bless you all. I wasn't expecting that. Uh I have to say I had just preached I had studied the countdown this last couple weeks, brother. &gt;&gt; He said, you know, you watch science as science progresses. So that's where God's taking his church, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He said, "We went from the horse and buggy age, then we went to the automobile age." He said, "From justification to sanctification." &gt;&gt; He said, "From the automobile, we went to the airplane age." Yep. Y we moved from justification, sanctification, the restoration of the gifts of the spirit. He said, "Oh, but there's one more stage to go." He said, "It's the astronaut age." &gt;&gt; He said, "We've moved on into the intelligence of God. We're guided by something." And I so love that. He said, "In 1933, I saw a car." &gt;&gt; Is this okay? I preach. &gt;&gt; He said, "I get excited because I got &gt;&gt; Hallelujah." &gt;&gt; He said, "I saw that car in 1933. It was guided by something. Some radar was guiding it along." He said, "Oh, that's where the church will be guided by the Holy Ghost to navigate all the dangers that are ahead." So, we're resting in that Holy Ghost leadership. He said, "In the airplane age, there's still turbulence." He said, "But not in the astronaut age." He said, "They wreck up, they fuss, they fight, they argue, they complain. All in the astronaut age, but or in the airplane age, but not in the astronaut age, the bride age. We've moved on into the intelligence of God guiding his church along. Yes, sir. And I just got excited, brother. That that really encouraged me. Wonderful. So, let's just bow our heads and thank the Lord for his grace. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, it's so good to be in your presence. The word, Lord, it's so rich to us. It's a living word, Father. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; You said, "I'll never leave him. I'll never forsake him. I'll be with him even to the end of the world." &gt;&gt; Lord, it just encourages our hearts, Lord. seeing the day of age that we're living in. This age of deception, Lord, you never lost sight of your children. Yes, &gt;&gt; Lord. You're still guiding us along, Lord. Lord, we so appreciate it. We appreciate the word. We appreciate the atmosphere, Lord, that's been created by each personal made a sacrifice, Lord. And &gt;&gt; God, on the roads, Lord, in the cold, but we gather together in your presence, and it's been such a blessing to us. We thank you, Lord, for your grace, your mercy. I pray, Lord, you be with us all. Continue to guide us. take us from one height to another by your grace in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother Kyle. You know the thought that I had while he just started preaching there. Why don't you come Wednesday night and just do all that? That'd be all right. Can you come Wednesday night and preach for us? &gt;&gt; Uh, sure. &gt;&gt; Okay. He needs to continue that on. God bless you. Let's give him a hand. We We've been made. We've been made. God bless you all. You're dismissed in Jesus name. If you need prayer, God is able this morning. Overcomers in this life. Oh yeah, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made. We've been made for the comfort for the life. We've been made glorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. We will pray for the color overcomes. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the Lord's body. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. It's power. The blood that Jesus Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, way back on Calary. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. for it's high for it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Glorious. The blood that gives me strength from day to today. It will never lose its power. s my and it soothes my doubts and it calms all my fears. Oh, oh, and it rise all my tears. It's the blood that gives me strength. Hallelujah. From day to today, it will never lose it. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh yes. and it flows to the Lord Valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. Take me down. Sing this one as we go. I won't be shaking. No, I won't be moved. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I won't be No, I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. Oh, so I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Oh, my God is so much better the troubles I face. Oh, and why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Oh, my God is great. For his promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Time to move. Oh, cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Hallelujah. Oh, my eneies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Thank you, Lord. Oh, my God is stronger. The victory is already won. Yes, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is gater than ever. So I won't be shen. I want my God of his promises. So I speak, I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain. There's no mountain to high. No valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high, no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. And I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Oh, my God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak. I speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger. My God is bigger, better, stronger. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes you are God. We worship the great I am. Hallelujah. Wonderful Lord. Wonderful Lord. Hallelujah. Let's take it up one key. He's been faithful. Faithful to me. Looking back, his love and mercy I see. Though in my heart I've had questions, even failed to believe. He's been faithful. So faithful to me. He's been faithful. He's been faithful so faithful to me. Oh, looking back his love and mercy I see. Oh, though in my heart I question even fail to believe. Yet he's been faithful, so faithful to me. And every day, every hour, you are faithful. Every day, every day. Every hour, you are faithful. Every day, every day, every hour, you are faithful. Every day, every day, every hour. You are faithful. You are faithful. Oh Lord, you are faithful. Lord, you are faithful. Oh Lord, you are faithful every day. Every day, every hour. You are faithful every day. Every day, every hour. Lord, you are faithful. Every day, oh, every day, every hour, you are faithful, oh Lord. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. And he's a reality. Something keeps holding me. The trials of this world were getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. But something keeps holding me. Every day I see. Yes, Lord. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, Lord. Oh, he's a reality. Something keeps holding me. And Satan laid before me his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. Thank you Lord for I have found inside the revelation. The strength I need to keep me in his grace. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see, oh, helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Oh, something keeps folding me. Oh, every day I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. is a reality. Something keeps holding me. So just hold me close. Let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near. Draw me to your side. Oh, and as I wait, I'll rise up like a eagle. And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Just hold me close. Oh, me glow. Lord, let your love surround me. Bring me near. Bring me near. Draw me to your side. Oh, and as as I wage, I'll rise up like an eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. Oh yes. Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see in me will all be stripped away. All by the power of your love. So Lord, hold me home. Oh, hold me close. Let your love surround me. Lord, bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like an eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Yes, Lord.
