################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - 2025.06.25 - Bro. Steven Strooh - Genesis: Creation and Formation (Part 3) - Steven Strooh - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   2025.06.25 - Bro. Steven Strooh - Genesis: Creation and Formation (Part 3)
Speaker: Steven Strooh
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EUqk9T5QeQ
========================================

[Music] [Applause] Are you? [Music] When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I began to worship. Is that what you come to do tonight? Let's all stand and sing. I'll worship you, Lord. Oh, I worship you when I come. Oh, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Yes, Lord. Oh, I worship him for all. Oh, for all he's done for me. redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's God. Sing that again. When I come, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Yes, Lord. That's what we've come to do. Oh, I worship him for all. Oh, for all he's done for me. redeemed and set me free. And because just because he is God for all he's done for me. Oh, for all he's done for me. He and set me free. [Music] And because Hallelujah. Just become. [Music] Just be. [Music] Just because he's God. Praise his name tonight. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you, God. Let's just bow our heads in word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, that's truly why we're here, God. To worship you, Lord Jesus. God, not in our Lord, our own works, God, that we can work up, Lord God. But we want to worship you in spirit and in truth tonight, God. So when we lift up uh these hands, Lord, these physical hands, know that it's coming from a heart that Lord wants to lift you higher tonight, Lord Jesus. God wants to lift your name higher tonight, God. Lord, just just ask the blessing on your word tonight, God, as we receive it, Lord, we want to be taking action every every word you say, Lord Jesus. God, for we don't live by bread alone, but every word that proceeded out out of your mouth, God. And tonight we want to hear from you tonight Lord Jesus. Not a man God but we want to hear from you Lord. We love you Lord and we just give you this service. Every single need, every single heart completely under your power right now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I got a few uh sometimes I'll take Wednesdays just to sing some ones we haven't done in a while, some that we've so just uh join in as we sing it. Um this one we will sing every step I take. Um key of E flat. Yeah. Maybe go up one. Lord with every step I take with every move I make. Let your Holy Spirit be my guide. Let me always heed your voice when I have to make a choice. I want your perfect will for my life. Lord, every glory, every step I take with every move I make, let your holy spirit be my guide. and all your voice. When I have to make a choice, I want your perfect will for my life. [Music] There is a resting place in the center of his grace. I long to be in it. So should you. Hallelujah. Oh, so Lord guide my way in this way the sea and day. I only want to do what you want me to [Music] step I take with every move I make. Let your Holy Spirit be my God. your voice. When I have to make the choice, I want your purple in my life. Sometimes we think we're right. We think we have the green light, but I want you finding God's permissive will. Oh, what glorious one beauty to me in the light of beauty will I always want to every step I take with every move I make. Let your holy spirit be my guide. Let me all teach your voice when I have to make a choice. I want your perfect will for my life. I don't ever want to be caught doing God a service without his will. Cuz I know he has a plan for me. I know that wonders to fulfill. I will I will take with every move I make. Let your holy spirit be my God. Let me all your voice when I have to make a choice. I want your perfect will for my life, Lord. With every step, Lord, with every step I take, with every move I make, let your Holy Spirit be my guide. Let me always hear your voice when I have to make a choice. I want your perfect will for my life. Ah, give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Wow. Praise the Lord. That was good. That was real good. They even caught my key change. I didn't even know we were going to do that, but they did it. Wow. How about that? Praise the Lord. Let's sing this one. It gets sweeter as the days go by. Why don't we greet each other tonight in the name of love sweeter as the moments fly? His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. Oh, it gets sweeter. As the days go by, it gets sweeter. As the moments fly, this love is returned deeper, fuller, sweeter. Oh, it's sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. Oh yes, it gets sweeter as the days go by. It gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller and sweeter, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter. As the days go by, first verse. The more that I trust him, the more that I love him. Nothing good for me will deny. The longer I know him, the better I can show him. Couldn't stop. Now if I try, oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. It gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter. As the days go by, second verse. The moment he saved me, his good grace he gave me. His face is love in my heart. His great joy in knowing to him I'm going. And never more for him to depart. Oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. Oh, it gets sweeter as the moments fly. Oh, love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the day. One more time. Oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. It gets sweeter. Oh, as the moments fly by. Oh, love is richer, deeper, fuller, sweeter. Hallelujah. Sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Amen. It sure does get sweeter. I was just piggybacking off of one of grandpa's old songs from Sunday when I sang it. So, amen. Praise God. Let's sing this one here. Um, sing that. The Lord is my shepherd. You have F. I think we do that. Maybe not. Give a D. Try that. The Lord is my shepher. Oh, he goes before me. Yes, Lord. You are defender behind me. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I won't fear. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Oh, I'm filled with anointing. Oh, my cup's overflowing. By God's grace, no weapon, no weapon can harm me. With you, Lord, I won't fear. The Lord is my shepherd. Oh, the Lord is my shepher. He watches over his own tonight. Oh, he goes before me. Thank you, Lord. Oh defender behind me. Thank you, Lord. No, I won't fear. Ask for a refilling tonight. I'm filled with anointing. Yes, Lord. Oh, my cup's overflowing. Thank you, Lord. No weapon, no weapon can harm me. Oh, I won't fear. Let's praise the Lord tonight. Oh, hallelu. Hallelu. I am not alone. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's my comfort. He always holds me close. Yes, Lord. He's my guide tonight. Oh, he always guides me. Aren't you glad tonight he's your God? Oh, through all the mountains and valleyies. Yes, Lord. Oh, his joy is refreshing. Thank you, Lord, for restores my soul. Thank you Lord for your mercy. Oh, mercy and Yes, Lord. Oh, he gives me assurance. Yes, Lord. All that I see is gloryy. [Music] Yes, Lord. Face to face. Oh, yeah. Sing it now. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelu. I am not alone. Thank you, Lord. Oh yes, you are my comfort. Oh, he's my comfort. He always holds me close. Let's all stand and sing this with confidence. Your spirit, Lord, your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit is within me. My victory, my victory. Your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within. It's my victory. My victory. Your spirit. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. It's my victory. My victory. Hallelu. I am not alone. Yes, Lord. Oh, and he's my comfort. [Music] Always hold me close. Last time. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelu. I am not alone. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he is my He's my comfort. Always hold me close. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. Hallelujah. For being our comfort, our everpresent help in our time of need. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Let's just sing this morning as a prayer request. Come. Something keeps holding me. Keep give. Praise the Lord. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see [Music] he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly. He's giving me victory. He's a reality tonight. He's a reality. Oh, cuz something keeps holding me. Take it up. Oh. Oh. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, Lord, he's a reality. Cuz something keeps holding me. [Music] And I stand I stand in all of you. Yes, I stand. I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. I stand in awe of you. Let's sing it tonight. Oh yes, I stand. I stand in all of you. Hallelujah. Yes, I stand. And I stand in all of you. Glory God to whom all praise is to. Yes, I stand in it all. Can we take it up one more sing this verse as brother Stephen will come. You are beautiful beyond description [Music] to marvelous for words. [Music] Too wonderful for comprehension like nothing ever seen or heard? Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depth of your love? And you are beautiful beyond description majesty [Music] from above. Last time I stand and I stand. I stand in all of you. Yes, I stand. I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. I stand in all of you. Amen. Lord bless you all. Wonderful to be here. It's nice to see all the smiling faces. I'm just checking some of them are not smiling, but that's because they found out I was preaching. So, no, it's good to it's good to see everybody. And um I'm just going to get hooked up. Let's turn in our Bibles uh while we're standing. Uh Genesis chapter 2 and we're continuing in this um uh series um which uh I'm finding that um actually uh doing things or covering things I haven't done for either at all or for a long time. So it's been quite encouraging to me at least. I hope it will be for you too. uh Genesis chapter 2 and we'll just uh read the first three verses. And the heavens and the earth were finished and all the host of them. And on the seventh day, God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. So let's uh bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we just pray you would bless your word to our hearts, Lord. And as we heard on Saturday, Lord, we want to give you consent, Lord, to come this evening, Lord, to speak to us and to bring us into your presence, Lord, and to give us everything that we have need of, Lord. And may we just boldly claim those things that we need, Lord, from your abundance, Lord. We know that we can't even we can't even think or ask any more than you're able to provide us, Lord. And so, we just want to be bold and and be strong this evening in our faith, Lord, as we believe that you are a God that can do all the things that we need. From the very beginning, those attributes were in you. And so, Lord, even this evening, we we pray Lord for uh clarity of mind. We we pray Lord for for understanding and for revelation of your word Lord. We ask it all in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Right. So um looks like we're making steps to get hooked up. And uh I just wanted to mention something which I I didn't u put in my in my notes. Um in verse three um if you look at that he says that he rested from all these works which he had made. And it looks like brother Ike's on his way. It it only it only doesn't work when brother Ike's here. If he's not here it works fine. So it looks like they're trying to keep you in a job, brother Ike. So maybe power or something down there. So what I find interesting from this is that we've been talking about Genesis 1 as a type um of uh as brother Renim says of the believer and um starting with seeing the light and then uh um the sanctification process and then of course the baptism of the Holy Spirit on the third day when life comes into the seed and then um you know and then on the fourth day he places us. He positions us. It's adoption. And it's uh it's it's clear it's clear from this pattern that's laid out in Genesis 1 um that uh that's the final stage before the creation of man. You see what I'm saying? So if we spiritualize that, if you like, then the creation of man would be that change in the body because that's a spiritual form. when we we heard something that brother Brandham said that I must say even at that time was a little bit uh new to me and that was um that when God uh expressed himself in the logos he he he wrapped that logos brother Renom says he he uh let's just use the word wrapped the logos in a physical form but he said not like his resurrected body that could eat and drink it's a physical form but it's a it's it's a theophonic form And uh that's what that that creation was there in Genesis chapter 1. And that's what we're going back to is we're going we're finding our way back to that theophony that was in the mind of God from the foundation of the world. Amen. And um how we doing? Aha. Thank you. Got it. Yep. Thanks, brother Ike. Yeah. I was going to ask for a round of applause, but I don't think so. So um oops. Oh no, not that again. Um let me uh exit here and um I just want to do this manually and see if it makes a difference. Uh yeah. Okay, it should be there. Nope, it's all the same. There we go. That was good. It should be that um that screen uh the lovely looks like a scene in Italy. So it's intermittent. Okay. Sure. Okay. I I can keep talking. I'm I'm good at that. So that's that um that pattern laid out in Genesis chapter 1 that ends with um man uh a couple of different things. One is uh coming back into the image of that God had for him from the foundation of the world, right? That that theophony. Um and then the second uh part of that is that if we if we understand that um uh that was male and female then we have a picture which is going to come up later on in the slides is that it's a picture of Christ and his bride. So when we when we when we read of this um we actually um get get a when we read chapter one we get this very clear picture of the way things are um going to be. It's almost like as I said last time it's like Genesis is a is the DNA of of the whole gospel. It's got all the things in it that are needed to bring the whole program of God to pass. And now we're going to look at that again here in chapter 2. But I wanted you to notice this verse three where he said he rested from all his works. Now if that's us at the end of chapter 1 when God makes creates man male and female and then he says he rested from all his works. And guess what? That's when God's going to rest from all his works is when we're united again with Christ. And then we actually are this one body that he envisaged from the beginning. Now when he splits Adam and Eve up um that was the beginning of trouble. We know that. So bringing it back together is going to be the end of the trouble. Right? And we'll get to that in a little while. But the point is he rested from all his work. Now I want to say this. If we believe where we're at, can we rest? Can we rest the way God rested? Now remember in Hebrews chapter 4 it says that um that we have now entered into his rest and we rest the way God rested. That's what Paul says. And how did God rest? What do we know about his rest? He never went back to his works of creation again. It was a done deal in the mind of God. And that's sometimes hard for us time time bound people to imagine is that this is all done. This is all done. everything that we're going through, it's it's all done. And all we're doing is going through a process to get to the all done part, but it's all done. And God rested and we can rest. Praise God. So, we can get started now with the real service. But that was enough. I think we can go home, brother Paul. Either that or we're here until 10:00. So, I'm going to have to um browse through these slides in normal uh uh battle speed. Um, but I may have to leave out some things. I told Brother Paul we may have a mutiny if you find out I've left out stuff. So anyway, but I think we'll have another mutiny if we go on too long. All right. So last time uh just to summarize, we we talked about things um that would help our understanding when we get to Genesis chapter 2 and then Genesis chapter 3, which we're not going to get to tonight. But notice that God says at the end of chapter one everything that um uh sorry before that at the end of when he's created all the all the vegetation all these things the fifth day the animals everything and he talks about the food that they would eat and then he says that it's all good. So problem is what about this bad tree that we're going to read about later? Where's that come from? Now, if this was a literal tree, then it would have to have been a actually identified here where he's making all the trees. But he says he made all the trees and they were all good. So, the bad tree is not a tree. All right? So, that that's that's a really good thing. Now, I want you to notice one other thing as we summarizing in the animal kingdom. He told every animal to bring forth of their own kind. You see how that could be a problem when we get to chapter three. And so we can see that there's many hints in chapter 2 especially even in chapter 1 that uh God has um a picture of obviously what's going to happen. And here he's saying now watch out every animal must bring forth of his own kind. There should be no mixing of things between the animals. Right? So we know that human beings are made in the image of God even his supernatural form. That's what we talked about. Um but this uh supernatural Adam was given dominion over the earth and everything in it. So guess what? He had dominion when he went into the garden. when he was placed into the Garden of Eden and all these things transpired, uh, he had the authority to make the rules, if I can put it that way, or to keep the rules, and he chose not to do it. Now, there's a little uh trickiness here, and that's because supernatural Adam was Adam and Eve together. Once that got pulled apart, now there was something that Eve had to somehow learn, if I can put it that way. She had to become aware of something that must have been I want to say obvious to Adam. And when the command was given in chapter one to multiply and replenish, I have a very strong suspicion that this was a scripture which we saw when Jesus was tempted in the wilderness. uh he um h uh when Jesus was tempted in the wilderness uh he was tempted by Satan with scripture. And this is what I think is happening in in chapter 3 is when he's coming to Eve, he's not coming to him in the enticing words of man's wisdom. It's not that obvious. He's not coming to her with another gospel, but he's coming to her with exactly what God said. Amen. And now we know that the God's plan of multiplication, God's plan of replenishment is not what took place. That wasn't what God had intended. But Eve didn't have that revelation. And so, she's listening to the serpent and he's saying, "You know what? This is what God said. Now, he's keeping this this experience from you, this truth from you. He's he's he's keeping you in the dark. And and you know um by the way he didn't he say that you can't eat of any of the trees. She should have been triggered right away because that wasn't anything like what God had said. But she's setting it up that God's an ogre and that he's making all these beautiful things but you can't touch him. That's the picture that he's painting in her mind. And there's something about her response as we're waiting for the slides. There's something about her response that lets the serpent know, Satan, that he's got her right there. He says, "Yay, hath God said, you you may not eat of any of the fruit of the trees of the garden?" And she says, "Oh, no. He's a good God. He wouldn't do that. We may eat of all the trees of the garden, but of the tree that's in the middle of the garden. We may not touch it. Now, she made two mistakes. She made three mistakes now that I'm thinking about it. First of all, she said God said, and she wasn't there when God said it. All right? In the garden. Uh when when God told Adam, "You may not eat of it lest you die." He wasn't uh she wasn't there. and I'll make way for the other expert. Now, that would be you, brother. So, you're just going to pull out the HDMI. Good. All right. Oh, and this is the old version, right? All right. It's fine. It'll work. So, I had to email them the version, but until the last minute, it's never the right version. Oh, look at that. That worked like a charm. So, so going back to uh chapter 3 for for a minute as we talk about that. So, three things that she said that told Satan that he had her. Number one, she said God said God didn't say anything about um not touching it. He just said don't eat of it. But somehow she had gotten this picture of not touching it. Where did that come from? So here's the picture. Thank you, brother. There's two trees in the middle of the garden. She describes only seeing one tree. She says, "But of the tree that is in the midst of the garden, we may not eat of it, neither may we touch it, lest we die." And he goes, "God didn't say that." And what do you mean not touch it? That's not what God said. So when Satan starts off adding to the word when he said, "You'll not be able to eat of of, you know, any of the trees," she doesn't catch him on that. She just starts trying to defend God's reputation, all right, as not being a bad God. And Satan then goes one step further when he hears that she only sees one tree. He goes, "Hm." So he says to Eve, you know, you'll be like gods. You you'll know good and evil and and you know, all of these things that God's hidden away from you. You know, that's what he said, multiply and replenish. and she and he we you know whatever the word is into her thinking to get her away from what Adam had told her. So the reason she said don't touch it when she said God said don't touch it is because when Adam had brought her to when that was before she was uh created formed into a body and Adam must have been bringing her around showing her everything and then now he comes to the two trees if we picture them as trees and he says now Eve you see this one this one is good we can eat of that one but this one you must not eat of it and she looks and as brother Brennon says they were intertwined and she's looking at it and and then he says, "Well, go ahead, you know, reach out." Now, any any person in that position, if they say, "Do you understand?" Oh, yeah. I understand. So, he says, "Go ahead and, you know, take of it." And she reaches out and grabs for the wrong fruit. Oh. He says, "Whoa, just stop right there. If you want to eat of the tree of life, you come and ask me, and I'll give you to eat. But don't you go near it. Don't touch it because you don't understand. Now, you have to picture this in terms of what we know those trees represent. But because the Bible uses the symbolism, it's really helpful that we can sort of see this as as different fruit hanging from very similar looking trees. And if I had to speak on that subject tonight, I'd be talking about how that applies to us today because we still have two trees. And the thing we know about this Leodysian age is that we're as the bride being drawn back into Eden. They're being restored back to that Edenic condition. But guess what was in Eden? There were two trees. One was, let's say, good, one was bad. And today we now have two fully formed trees. the fully revealed word on the one hand and Satan's fully revealed plan on the other hand. We're in Satan's Eden. So that means that we're back in that condition where we have these two trees before us and now we are blessed with the revelation of the word to know which is which. But if you're in a if you're in a in a in a let's say in a in a in a in a faith um uh what are the words they use? community that uh doesn't have this revelation, you're still reaching for the wrong fruit because you don't have that revelation. So, you're thinking that God is going to uh use this organizational man-made system to bring about the catching away of the church and the change in the body. And it's absolutely not going to happen that way. And it's because we're at the stage where the two trees are now fully formed again. If we see them going through the church ages, we see them going through stages. Satan's plan going through stages, God's plan going through stages, but now they've both come to a head. And remember what Jesus said about the tears where he said, "Let them come to fruition. Let everything grow to and then we can start doing separating, but don't try and separate it before then." So, we're in the day that we now have to make a decision between the truth and a deception that's very close to the truth. Yes, sir. All right. Now, we got to chapter two. All right. So, we're going to back up a little bit. So, God gave them Adam and Eve as in one in the spiritual body complete dominion over the earth. So once again we get a picture of Adam uh a not being deceived but choosing not to exercise that right. He chose not to he could have he could have with complete dominion over everything the Bible says he could have um made the right um uh choice let's say. And the other thing we notice from chapter one is that there were no restrictions regarding the fruit. So if there were any bad fruit or any bad trees, then God would have used the restrictions. But the restrictions only appear in chapter 2 because that's when man was put into a body. And the other thing that happened is everything was very good at the end of chapter 1. But then at the beginning of chapter 2, the middle of chapter 2, God said it's not good. Now when Adam says when God comes looking for Adam and he says the woman that you gave me, [Music] he's not wrong. Obviously, it is the woman that God gave him. But it's fascinating that God wanted that to happen. He said it's not good that man is alone because if he's alone, we're never going to have the plan of salvation. We're going to never need a redeemer. We're never going to need a healer. I'm never going to be able to express these attributes. So, it's not good that man is alone. We need to have something in place that will allow my plan to go forward. So, now we're back uh to uh chapter 2. We have already read the first three verses, but I wanted you to notice this um creation and formation. I me I mentioned this in chapter 1 is that we often mistake um Genesis chapter 1 as as the six days of creation. It's just like come it's just an easy way to talk about it but it wasn't. There were only uh three creations in chapter 1. There was the creation of man going backwards and then there was the creation of animals and then there was the creation of the sun, moon and stars and the heavens and the earth in chapter 1 verse one. Those are the only creative acts in chapter one. So the rest of it was making or forming and that's what this verse says. All the things that he had made during that period which obviously would also include the things that he created obviously. But the fact that it uses the word made becomes apparent here in verse three where he says he rested from all his work which God created and made. not just created, not just made, but created and made. So we we do need to um be careful about how we think about that chapter one because if that's an illustration of our path, if that's God's plan of salvation, then there are things that um uh God's not creating sanctification in us, the separation of the waters from the waters. He's not creating a seed in us. He's bringing that seed to life. He's not creating the the sun, moon, and stars analogy of the church and and the and the sun and and and us as believers. He's not creating those things. Those were already in his mind from the foundation of the world. He's only positioning them. And the Bible says he made the sun to rule the day and he made the moon to rule the night and he made the stars also for signs and for seasons and for days and years. So what's he doing? He's making them do something. He's making the sun do this, making the moon do that. And if you listen to any of the young earth people, they completely miss that. They always have that fourth day as the creation of the sun, moon, and stars because it suits their agenda, but it's not scriptural at all. Now verse four, these are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the heaven earth and the heavens. He he reverses it. Why is that? Because he was making things happen on the earth. He was making things happen in the heavens. It wasn't the creation of earth and heavens. That was all chapter one. But it was at the end of this he's saying okay these are the different things creation and formation. And then he says and every plant of the field before it was in the earth and every herb of the field before it grew for the Lord God not cause it to rain. So in other words those seeds were laying there. So if we ever doubted that, this is the verse that actually uh cements that picture that brother Brandham has of a previous uh order system where these seeds had been carried over from that and uh of course without any moisture without the environment being right with the atmosphere and and the dry land those seeds couldn't grow. But once the atmosphere had been set, once the environment was set, those those seeds sprang to life. But it was before they were, and I just love that every every field before it grew. For the Lord God not caused to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground. So this is brother Renom always uses this to say that must have been a spiritual creation in chapter one which again you'll find I don't know if I've ever read anybody else um you know maybe other than Scoffield or anybody say saying that oh it's a touchcreen h thanks brother. All right but says there there went a mist up from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground. Um, yeah, I was going to say things about that, but I'm going to try and move on. So, the Lord God formed man. This is the word yatsar in the Hebrew. Very important. All right. And it's the exact same word used for as a potter as he forms the clay. It's the exact same word. So, when the scripture comes up, remember this is the seed book. So, we're reading things in here that will get enlarged on later. And so when we read that the the the pot cannot say to the potter why have you made me thus all right? And so it's not that's not made up. I mean that comes right from this scripture. And the other thing I mentioned last time was that I always pictured Adam somehow on the ground getting getting sculpted but he wasn't. He was standing up in my my understanding. And so he formed men of the dust of the ground breathe into his nostrils a breath of life. Man became a living soul. Now, there's a few things we want to look at here because it's a teaching note. So, out of the ground is how he made Adam. It's also how he made all the plants, trees, and creatures in Eden. It says he brought them out of the ground. All right? And then in Ecclesiastes 12:7, he says, "Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was, and the spirit which shall return unto God who gave it." So now we're seeing the difference between the physical flesh and blood pieces and the supernatural part of Adam. So that supernatural part is the breath of life which in Hebrew is ruach and it's the same word used in the Greek which is panuma. And so it's got many meanings but the main ones are breath, spirit and wind. So the breath of animals in Genesis 7:15 is also the same word used for humans in Isaiah. It's the same word ru the breath. Why is that important? It's because brother Brennham goes on to talk about uh the form that Adam was in in chapter 2 when he's formed from the dust. And so the living soul that word is nephesh. This is also interesting because nephesh is mostly translated as creature. In fact, if you read most of the new translations, it says, "And man became a living creature." And that's interesting because that's the whole um the whole uh thrust of evolution is that we're just creatures. We we're just uh you know we just are so much uh animalistic uh you know um makeup and that goes to um our morals as well obviously. And now we know this from another scripture. The body is earthly but the soul is heavenly. So now we're seeing the the trouble that Adam has in this body is half of him if you like is earthly and half is spiritual. He has the memory of the spiritual things, the dominion and all these things, but he's also in a natural body. Brother Brandham says he was given five senses. So if we go back to Ecclesiastes, this is wonderful. Now time is against me. I said in my heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them and that they might see that they themselves are beasts. Oh, this could have been any psychology professor today, by the way. for that which which my psychology professor did that to us as a class. He said, "Okay, what's the difference between animals and humans?" And whatever we came up with, he said, "Nope, that's no difference. For that," and if you said mind or soul, he would kick you out of the class. "For that which befalleth the sons of men befalls beasts, even one thing befalls them. As the one dies, so dies the other. Yay, they have all one breath, so that a man has no preeminence above a beast for all his vanity. All go unto one place, all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again. Now, he he poses an interesting question. Again, if you read new translations, you'll get this all mixed up. But this this verse 21 says, "Who knows?" In other words, do you know how this works? Who knows the spirit of man that goes upward and the spirit of the beast that goes downward to the earth? In other words, he's asking the question why why is it that we believe as Sol S Solomon's kind of, you know, commenting here, how is it that we know that dust to dust, but the spirit goes back to God? Why is that? And I can just tell you in one in one second, otherwise we'll be here again all evening. Um because the spirit of man has a soul and that soul has to give account to God. The soul that sins that soul shall die. So that soul has to go back to God. But how does the soul get back to God? Because it's wrapped as uh as um um Abigail said, the soul of my Lord is wrapped in a bundle of life. So, it's because the soul is wrapped in the spirit that the spirit of man has to go back to God because it's got to take the soul with it. That's how the soul gets there for judgment or for for being recognized as being under the blood. But in either case, that soul has to be alive in order to go back into the presence of God. Animals don't have a soul. And that's why the spirit of a man goes up and the spirit of a beast goes down. But nevertheless, based on the previous verses, um, he's making a a very close connection between animals and humans. And the reason I'm So it wasn't my computer, brother. Um, so the reason I I'm I'm stressing that is because of this proximity, not the right word, this uh compatibility between the serpent, the beast, and uh, Eve. And you can see from these scriptures that there's all these similarities that you know we can we can ex you know make u make uh draw conclusions from but brother Brennham makes this conclusion here um you don't have it on your screen but in in questions and answers on Genesis which by the way is really good that that whole sermon this human man here and he's talking about Adam is made after the image of an animal. These human bodies are made in the image of animals. So Adam was made in the image of God but uh Adam in the flesh was made in the image of animals which is brings us to the point of why there could be this intermingling. All right why there could be something. So again brother Brennham says this in the sermon why is it that so many Christians find it so hard to live the Christian life. He says it took the Holy Spirit I love this. It took the Holy Spirit to bring me from the earth. And if the Holy Spirit made me what I am without me having any choice, we didn't choose to come into this world. All right? How much more can he bring me back out of the dust of the earth by choice? In other words, if we believe that it was the spirit of God that was moving on that on that earth and and and producing this this this man and his wife and we say, "Oh, if God can do that and I had no choice in the matter of coming into this world, what can he do by choice?" If we actually give him consent, if we actually say, "I want you to bring me out of the ground. I want you to bring me out of the dirt. I want you to bring me out of unbelief. And I want you you to bring me into your light. Wow, that's just fantastic. So now we're going to talk about Eden as a as a higher dimension. It looks like they're running it from up there. Is that right? Yeah. That's why the titles are wrong. That should say Eden, higher dimension. So in 1 Corinthians chapter 15, he says it's swn a natural body, raised a spiritual body. There's a natural body, there's a spiritual body. And in other words, we're going back from Genesis looking that as the DNA, as the seed book. Now, we're seeing here in Corinthians, Paul's drawing on that. All right? That's why I believe Genesis is so important. Remember, Brother Brandham said Genesis and Revelation. So there is a natural body and there's a spiritual body. As so it is written, the first man, Adam, was a living soul. The last man was made a quickening spirit. How be it that was not first which is spiritual but that which is natural and afterward that which is spiritual. That can tend to be a little confusing because it was spiritual first as we believe. Ah thank you. So, it was spiritual first. That was Genesis chapter 1. And then it was natural. But now Paul's going backwards. And he's saying now if we're going backwards through the story, it was first the natural man that caused the problem and got into trouble and the whole world got into sin. And but before that was a spiritual man. And that's what Paul's saying we're going back to. That's that's the implication here. How does this work? There you go. Oh, put this down. It'll confuse me. Except I can't read that. All right. So, um I see we're a little behind. Okay. So, the first man is of the earthy. The uh the second man, oh, can't do it. Is the Lord from heaven. And as we have borne the image of the earthly, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly. And I just love the fact that he's saying because we look like Adam in the natural, we're also going to look like Adam in the spiritual. I just it's just incredible the way Paul's tying this back to Genesis in in such a a way that, you know, we we can't ignore it. So, carrying on in chapter 2, and the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, breathe into his nostrils a breath of life, and man became a living soul. And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden. And there he put the man whom he had formed. And out of the ground, again, God made the um the ground made the Lord God to grow. Now, here's the thing. Every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food, here's where it becomes difficult if you're not a careful reader. the tree of life also in the midst of the garden and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. It's because of the way the sentence is structured that it can lead you to think that this is uh two different you know completely different trees and just something completely different and not this intertwined uh picture that brother Brandham gives us of the two things being so close but it's that they were both in the middle of the garden and I can tell you there's only one middle by definition now you can draw a big circle and say well that's the middle but There's only one middle. So to be in the midst of the garden, both of the trees in the midst of the garden would put them so closely together that we couldn't tell the difference. Now talking about trees, have we all heard of Methuselah? Methuselah, the tree. All right. It's the oldest living organisms. 4,855 years old this year. That's incredible. Think go back. So 2,000 years to Jesus. So 2 and a half thousand nearly 3,000 years before that this tree was growing. Why is that important? It's because the natural types are spiritual. So God had to have something that showed us that there could be a spiritual tree that would last for eternity. And here's an example of it. And it's it's just beautiful. And then we of course we know that this life is in his son. And he that hath the sun hath life, and he that hath not the son hath not life. So it's just a beautiful uh picture. I love that uh story about the bristle cone pine. Now we keep reading. And he put the man whom he had formed out of the ground Lord God to make every tree that's pleasant to the sight and good for food. You see how Satan's question was actually tying Eve up a little bit because if she knows this, if she understands if Adam's explained this to her that every tree is good for food and now she Satan's saying, "Well, you can't eat of any of the fruit of the tree." And she's going, "No, we can. We can." And guess what? She's quoting this verse. And good for food. All right. without realizing that there's a another approach to multiply and replenish that she hasn't cottoned on to yet and that we'll have to get to in the next session. Um, so the reason that I've got this scripture in there is verse 18. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. So you've got the tree of good and evil. That's not a natural tree. So, if you don't like lemons, which of course I love lemons, but if you don't like lemons and you think you're going to eat an orange from an orange tree and you suddenly get a lemon, you're going to have some speaks with the uh with the farmer because that's not right. It shouldn't happen. Now, of course, brother describes, you know, grafting and so forth, but the point is in the natural that doesn't happen. So this is again just another example of why this isn't a natural tree because it can't be both. Now I will I will say this and I'm just going to mention this because hopefully we'll we'll get to this in chapter 3 at some stage. I just want you to know if you think about and brother Chris and I have had a bit of discussion on this. If you think about what is there in our experience, nature, any any any part of our experience that's both good and evil, the same thing. So, it's okay to steal, you know, if you really need something. You know, if you talk to the people that are robbing stores, oh well, we're very hungry and we're poor and that excuses us, but it doesn't make it right. So, what is there that we know that's good and evil simultaneously? The same thing. Not necessarily at the same time, but the same thing. And it's what happens when a young couple gets married. And the night before the wedding, the dad's at the door with his shotgun keeping away any strange guys. And the night of the wedding, he's at the same door keeping his daughter away and saying, "Go back to your husband. You get the picture. In other words, what was evil the night before is now perfectly good the following night." So, what changed? Nothing. It's the same exact thing. It's the knowledge. Remember that's a Bible word for intimacy, right? That Adam knew his wife. So knowledge of good and evil is exactly what's being described. And especially if you run it through to chapter 4:1 and Adam knew his wife and then we find later on Jesus saying you come to me and say Lord Lord but I never knew you. What does it mean? It means I had never planted my seed in you my word in you. I had never had an intimate relationship with you because it said I never knew you. So you can see how it's important that this word is knowledge. Now of course we can take brother random says many times you know knowledge like science and they invented gun power gunpowder and the atomic bomb and so forth and they're going to kill each other you know but yes so there is that natural aspect to knowledge but it's good and evil the same act. So each tree is told to reproduce after its own kind. Now we know that the tree symbolizes a person and in this case each person in the garden the two trees had a plan for the humans. Now I want to put it to you this way because brother Brennham doesn't say this exactly um but if you put it all together this is what he's saying is that because he always when he talks about the trees he talks about them in different ways. church age book he talks about as persons. Other times places he talks about it as as Adam and Eve as the good tree and the bad tree. So these trees are representative and obviously they could represent a number of different things. But in the in the in the Garden of Eden it represented two plans, two uh means by which God was going to multiply and replenish the earth through this couple. And we know now that the one plan was that Adam would speak the word. Eve would conceive behind the veil and she would then give birth to uh the Messiah or Jesus. He would raise up to 33 years of age and then speak the saints from the dust of the earth. And so the earth would be filled with his glory. And we know that's exactly what's going to happen. So God doesn't change his mind. He doesn't, you know, he could plan can get interrupted, but it's never going to never going to change. It's going to be the same plan. And so that was multiply and replenish the earth in chapter one. But now that she's no longer able to conceive behind the veil, now the plan is broken. So it's no use she her repenting if she goes back to God. Oh gosh, I'm so sorry. The problem is the the Jesus has to be conceived behind the veil. Every time we see Jesus appearing, it's from behind the veil. That's why it was important in the tabernacle, but it was also what happened when Jesus was intombed. He came out from the sealed tomb. Remember how they made a big deal of it being sealed and so forth and gods outside? And so that principle of uh how Satan was going to try and manifest himself in the flesh is um what God uh was planning. So remember in Ephesians 3:15, God's plan is to express his family. And you remember he says of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. So God's going to have a family, a spoken word family. Yes. And it's not going to be through natural processes. But there's a reason that Satan was so eager to do what he did. Brother Random says he was injecting himself into the human race. He wanted to do what? Let me see if that slide comes up. Yeah, this is the one about I never knew you. So, we'll go first past that. And let's read this slowly. Man could not directly come and partake of the tree of life in the midst of the garden. The tree of life had to become flesh first. But before God could raise and save a sinner, he had to have a sinner to raise and save. Man had to fall. The fall that Satan would cause had to have flesh to make them fall. And then he said Satan had to be had to come through flesh also. So what he goes on to say I think Satan could not come through human flesh to make them fall. In other words, he couldn't create himself a body. He couldn't become flesh like the word could become flesh even as Christ would come in human flesh to restore the fallen. But there was an animal serpent so close to man that Satan could get to that beast and through that beast he could get to human flesh and cause the fallen inject himself thereby into the human race. Even as Jesus would one day come and inject himself into the human race into human bodies even to the extent of a resurrection wherein we would have bodies like unto his glorified body. So that's the kind of synopsis of what this whole plan and purpose of God was with the tree of life. It was that Jesus would become flesh. He would be born and he would then speak the saints from the dust of the ground and that would be his plan. Now going to switch gears because we're not talking about chapter 3. So Eden was a higher dimension. I'm going to spend a two minutes on that from maybe from the last can't remember what I said last time. But um the reason that I'm saying Eden was a higher dimension is there's certain things by the random says that that that leads to that. But uh primarily it's that um he brought all the animals and all the fruit out of the ground after he had planted a garden on earth. He had planted Eden on earth and then he had brought these things out of the ground. He he didn't say he brought them like Noah did from from the different parts of the earth and you know sort of bring them in but God actually brought them out of the ground especially for Adam and Eve and I would say that this represents another dimension and which is why we cannot find any sign of Eden right no physical sign no remnants there's nothing about Eden that remains and the other thing is of course we know spiritually now if we go make it spiritual as a type is that um uh you know, we're going to this promised land as we see Israel doing and we know that that's the that's the word that that's the heavenly places in Christ Jesus. So, I think it's important that we understand this Eden that we're going back to is not going back to some place on earth. That would be a bit of a letdown, I think, cuz we've been there, done that, and didn't work out so well. All right. So, there's going to be a a new heaven and a new earth. And there's going to be this recreated, if you like, Eden, which we won't have time to get to tonight, but when we go to Revelation and we see the trees, the the the tree standing on both sides of the river, um there's an implication in that. But this is just like Eden, it's supernatural. I mean, imagine one tree sitting on both sides of a river. Um, but there's also this aspect of these uh of this river that went out of Eden that became two heads. If you look in other translations, it'll say and became, sorry, four heads. It became four rivers. Now, that's not the way rivers work in the natural. Uh, tributaries flow into a big river. The river doesn't flow into four big rivers. That's just not how the closest thing we have is a delta, but it's certainly no one would call that a river. So the thing is this is a supernatural realm and the reason that's important is because it would had to be that for Satan to operate. It couldn't have just been, you know, a completely natural situation. The other thing I wanted to bring to your attention is remember when God says to Adam, because we're going to have to kind of summarize this all. God says to Adam, "The day you eat thereof, that day you'll die." And I think I mentioned this last week. What's death? Uh, can you can you define that for me, please? I I don't get it. What's death? No, nothing's ever died. I mean, what what is what do you mean die? And I think uh it makes sense if this was a higher dimension. If this was some thing as we understand that the the road back to the Eden would be protected by the flaming sword and so forth and we understand that this is protecting another dimension. This is Christ in in in a different dimension. All right? then we would just picture it as some pretty place on earth. Is that if if that uh supernatural dimension is where uh Satan could operate in those days and that's why he operates in this supernatural dimension. Not just us but in our community of believers. We see this happening. It's because we're crossing over as it were into the supernatural realm. And that's why uh our battle is against powers and principalities of the air. That's why we have all these these these these these the demonic activities that that are so prevalent. Of course, the 200 million demons don't help, but it has to be a a similar situation. Now, we've got the two trees back in manifestation. We're now in a spiritual dimension as it were. And now we find Satan really having a go at us and it's completely different than just in an average church. I can assure you of that. There's one other point I wanted to bring up. Um if you look in your Bible since you have your Bibles most of you and it's wonderful to see um you notice I've started bringing my Bible because you got to walk the walk as well. Um, but if you look in your Bible, you'll see something really interesting. All through chapter one, and you don't do it now, but you can go back and and do it. Every time it refers to God, it just says, "And God said, it's always God in chapter one." But now look in chapter 2, right there in verse four, the day that the Lord God made the heaven and earth, heavens, earth and heavens. Now just keep going verse 5 Lord God 78 13 times in that ch I think was it 11 times in chapter uh two and then notice in chapter 3 and it's not it's never just God in chapter 2 by the way it's always Lord God all right and reasons for that we can't get into chapter 3:1 the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made and he said and and the serpent of course says to the woman has God said. So whenever he refers to him, he's always referring to him as God. But then if you jump down to verse eight and they heard the voice of the Lord God walking and then it's the Lord God, the Lord God another three times. Very interesting because if you want to read about it, um Scoffield has the explanation of Lord God. But it's very it's very interesting that Satan doesn't use that term. For him, it's just God. All right. Object of worship, the boss. But for for Moses writing this and he's seeing what's going, he says, "Oh, this is the Lord God." It's really beautiful. And and I we don't really have time to to go into it. So, let's see what else I have in the short time. Uh yes. So this is what I was saying in the ESV and many other translations. It divided and became four rivers. How much time do we have? I'm sorry. I don't know what time we started. Is it Oh, it's like 10 minutes. Is that right? We started about 7:30 usually. Okay. Let's see if I can scratch through this. This is uh really fascinating to me. So, Revelation 22, we read about the pure river of water of life, clear as crystal proceeding out of the throne of God and the lamb. And in the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river was a tree of life. Guess what? Supernatural. All right? So, now this is, you know, Genesis, Revelation, this is like Eden again where there's these supernatural things going on with the with the rivers. And then in Ezekiel, we see some more information on this. And he brought me again unto the door of the house, and behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward. For the forefront of the house stood toward the east, and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house and the south side of the altar. And now we know that there was water up to the ankles, up to the knees, up to the loins, and then waters to swim in. Verse six. And he said to me, "Son of man, have you seen this? Now when I returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other." H So John sees it. He sees one tree. Ezekiel sees it and he sees many trees. What's not mentioned in this passage is that these were different varieties of trees. These aren't different species. This is he's not saying and of you know all manner of fruits like we have in revelation where we think of you know many diverse trees or something. Nope. So the river of water of life and the tree of life on both sides of the river is interesting because one tree on both sides and now we have the same river with many trees but nothing about different types of trees. So here's what I wanted you to read. So the bride tree and the bridegroom tree go back and become one. We'll show how brother Brandham says this in a minute. Like Adam and Eve who got separated by the fall and now come back as one. This water spiritually is the pure word of God. And whatever the water and wherever the water flows, it heals. And we see a bride living on either side of this river. So her roots are right into it. And she's just pulling life from the word. Let's read how brother Brandham says it. The word of God is one in his church today, making it the headship of the body that is redeemed to bring the message in the last day, be taken up from the dead in the resurrection to go back and restore again as Adam and Eve in the beginning in the garden of Eden. He says that tree of life is in Eden. Now, spiritually speaking, now when this tree that God planted, it was to bear different kinds of fruit. That was God's tree, he planted it in the earth on the day of Pentecost. Ah, now we're getting the picture. And as he being the groom, the bride has to come forth because it's part of him. And it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations that others have spoken of. The bride, it can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. It isn't the bride because she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, power of his power. She is him. And if you hear him saying this, brother Brennham's really excited. She is him. So guess what? The one tree. Uh-oh. Go back. So the one tree in Revelation is Christ and the bride back as Adam and Eve were one in chapter one. And that's how there could be many trees as brother Brenham explains about the wives in the Old Testament. Every one of those women was his wife. And so when it says one tree, it's because the Christ and his bride have become one. Which if you, you know, we don't have time to know, but you can play that all the way through the scripture and even in the New Testament. I pray that you would be one, even as I and my father are one. And one doesn't mean we don't have an identity. We still have our individual identity. Why is that? Because we had that identity in Christ from the foundation of the world as an attribute of God. We were always who we are. We didn't morph into something else because we got born. No, he took that spirit that was you and I and put that into that physical body. And you say, "Well, that means I had like a pre-existence." And that's where a lot of churches struggle with this pre-existence idea. And yet Paul explains it so beautifully when he says Levi paid tithes in Abraham. Levi was the son of Jacob who was the son of Isaac who was the son of Abraham. So this speck that became Levi was a speck inside of the speck who was in speck inside of this speck who was a speck inside of this speck. But it was Levi that paid the tithes. And Paul even goes on to say why that is? Because he would have to live off the tithes. How did he know? It's in the same way that God tells Job, "Where were you when the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for?" Tell tell me if you can can you tell me. Now God's not asking him an impossible question. He was there. He just doesn't remember it. Levi doesn't remember that he was the one who prompted Abraham to pay tithes to Melkazedc. And neither do we know what it is that prompts us in our daily lives when we make decisions. When we choose God, when we give him consent, when we throw ourselves on his mercy, what is that? It's that deep calling to the deep. And I like deep from way back where that that's where that deep was. And somehow that's not confined to space and time, right? It's like right here when we make that decision, when we get approached by the word, when we get con convicted, when something happens in our life, it's those two things come right up into the present tense. And that's exactly what those two trees were representing. Uh is that initially it was two different plans, but it was supposed to just be one plan. Then the serpent comes along and he says, "No, there's actually two plans. There's two ways to make babies, and I I I don't want you to miss out on anything." Hm. Yeah, it's not so different from today. And so the Lord God took the man, put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. And the Lord God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree you may freely eat, but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat of it. The day you eat of it, you shall surely die. What's death?" Told you these slides are not the right slides. It's okay. And so he said, "It's not good that man should be alone." And so out of the ground, now this is the next verse. He says, "Not good that man should be alone." But he carries on and he says, "Out of the ground the Lord God formed every beast of the field, every fowl of the air and brought them to Adam." Every beast, including the serpent. So who's behind all this? It's not Satan. He's a tool. God's setting him up. God knows what's in his heart. He knows what he wants. He knows how to manipulate him. He goes, "Okay, let me put Eve in a separate body. Uh, let me give them this special garden where everything looks funny and it looks lovely and then uh we'll bring the serpent along and uh we'll see what happens." But God knows exactly what's going to happen. And he actually has orchestrated the whole plan. And that's why we can have confidence in the word of God, in the spirit of God, in his plan and purpose for our life. He's never taken by surprise everything that happens. We heard um on was it Sunday? Sorry, I don't remember um maybe last Wednesday where um that tree that was planted at the Buddha waters of Mara. I love this example that that tree would have been planted like 30 years before they got there. In order to be a tree in the desert, it had to be there a long time. And here comes Israel and they need to have those waters sweetened. And guess what? Oh, this happens to be this tree here. God's provision always way ahead. In the same way, he can have his plan way ahead that we don't know what's happening. We look at this and we go, "Oh gosh, I'm in so much trouble." And yet God's like, "No, no, no, no, no. It's all fine. Just have faith. Just believe that God is all right." And then you have to give him consent. Now, he brought forth every priest, every foul. The reason I emphasize foul is because birds in the parables are always bad. Uh you can look that up. All right? So, the birds are the one that came and took the seed, remember, um off the path. And then it says, "Adam gave names to all the cattle." Now, this is really just in my mind. He's naming the serpent and he's seeing this creature that looks just like him and he's giving it a name. It's almost like he's empowering, you know, if you name something, you've empowered it. And he could have gone, I don't like you. You know, I'm not going to give you a name. All right? Just that's just my silly silly way of thinking. So, what does Adam mean? The Hebrew word is adoma. What does adama mean? Means a man of the soil, right? So it's not that uh in not that difficult. And that we we consist of 21 elements mostly oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen. That's why we're called carbon life. And then uh the seeds require some things. This was what we were talking about in chapter one. Soil, water, air, sunlight to grow. And so that's why Jeremiah says our soul shall be as a watered garden. Why am I bringing this up? It's because to be in a body of flesh is exactly the pattern that God wants to bring about at the end. We're not going to be, as brother Brandham said, little like ghostlike wisps floating around. We are going to have physical bodies. They're just not like this physical body. Praise God. At least 100 pounds lighter. But it's going to be a physical body that can eat and drink and all the things that um God made us to do. But he said that it would our soul would be like a watered garden. And then of course he took one of his ribs and put him into a a deep sleep. And why is that important? Because that's close to his heart. And so now we read something else that I'm going to close on. Therefore shall a man leave his father and mother and shall cleave unto his wife and they shall be one flesh. This seems out of place. There's been no marriage. There's been no children. There's been no fathers and mothers. So, what's this doing there? If you have your Bibles, you can flash back and we'll close our promise in a minute. Um, just one last thought. Um, let's see. Uh, it's in the last stages of chapter 1. Um, he says, uh, put my glasses on if I could find them. Oh, here we go. Um, so where is that? Ah, yes. Uh, verse, uh, 29. And God said, "Behold, I've given you every herbbearing seed which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed, and to you it shall be for meat." You see, brother Brandham says that original creation, that spirit creation in chapter one couldn't eat or drink. So, this is why the the the commentators get confused because this looks like it's a natural man. Looks like it's a natural person because he says it shall be for meat. But the key is the word shall. In the same way that the key is the word shall when we get to uh the end of uh chapter two or or close to the end where he says that a man shall leave his father and mother and shall cleave. So you can see that this is this is this is Moses I suppose writing in his commentary about oh is this why it happens. Now I'm gonna uh see if I can swing to the very last um uh oh genie I need a pin. You can just shout it out. Oh it's actually brother brother James. Whose computer is this? Genie. Oh dear. Everybody got that? Thanks sister Genie. All right, let's uh shame. All right, let's just uh flash ahead here because I I want to get to this last part. Oh, see I told you there'd be a rebellion and they see all the things we're missing here. Um that's why I'm scrolling through. I could have just jumped. Uh uh yeah, 47. All right. Thank you. All right. So, when we get to this part Oh. Oh, this is Oh, this is my computer. Yeah, it's um it's 49. This is confusing. I'm glad you guys are staying with me. It's actually keeping you all awake. Did you get it? Slide 49. That's it. So, I just wanted you to see the difference between chapter 2 and and chapter 3. Chapter two ends with, "And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed." Chapter three, God comes to them and Adam says, "I was afraid because I was naked, I hid myself." So to go from not ashamed to afraid, and it's not just that, and it's not just that he's afraid, he no longer has the clothing of righteousness. Remember from Isaiah that that that he was clothed in righteousness. Now he no longer has that covering of righteousness because of sin. And what are those major symptoms of sin? We actually covered this in the in the adult Bible class. Shame, fear, and guilt. Those are the main things that you'll run into when sin lies at the door, so to speak, is that you will you'll feel shame. you'll have this this uh sense of fear of the word, fear of God. Remember, it was the voice of God in the garden. And they they were now afraid of the voice of God. Whereas it before it had been a wonderful thing and then of course they had the guilt. But we'll end with this. The son of man has come to seek and to save that which was lost. So we do not have to stay in the realm of shame, fear, and guilt. That's what Adam had to deal with. And he tried to cover it up with excuses, which is the subject we're covering now in the adult Bible class. Shameless plug as it is, but please feel free to come along and catch the second part of excuses. But the problem is their excuses didn't work. They were making excuses about how they could cover up their shame, fear, and guilt with excuses. God's not interested in your excuses. God just wants you to come honestly and throw yourself on his mercy because he came to seek and to save that which is lost. And he proved that in the garden in the garden of Eden. So you can see how this all ties together. So Lord bless you. Let's stand and uh thank you for your your time tonight. Amen. All right. I'll just leave that. Thanks, brother Paul. God bless you. That's all right. Praise the Lord. I was going to have Brandon in the service. I just wanted to get up and first of all apologize to brother Steve. Is nothing worse than the technical things uh messing up for a teacher, but we all want to say it didn't matter tonight. Uh there's a a just tons of material there and little revelations and nuggets that I hope we were all listening. So we apologize, brother, and we want you to, you know, I asked brother um Stephen, you know, how many Wednesdays he needed, which I'm open to however many it takes. Uh and he said, you know, Genesis 1 and 2, three services. And so, but I realized tonight I looked in my Bible, there's 50 chapters to Genesis and I know he didn't feel like he, you know, I know a preacher and you just with these nervous things of these computers going on and and just and then not being able to just settle into it. I know that he could break down. I I wanted to say how blessed we are in this day, but also for the young people and everybody. I hope this builds a value in your Bible to not just skim over things because every word has a meaning. Every word, brother Rem says, everyone reveals Jesus Christ and his redemption. It's related to your life. And we look at this big old book, we think, oh my, there just so much there. But you got to settle down. And I like teachers to settle down, take their time, take each word because there's such depth in every word. We found it in first first uh of Genesis, 2 Genesis, and it's the seed chapter, and we have redemption, and we have all the themes running through there, running through the Bible. And I love when he goes into Ezekiel and those other because it ties it together with it. So, I just want to show my appreciation tonight. And I want him to, you know, that's the thing with a pastor, too. we have a lot of time to take serious and take our time with something. And I've had uh people say to me, "Take your time because we're in no hurry." Sometimes we have to get going on a Wednesday night, but as far as the series, we want to hear. We don't want to skip over things. We'd like to hear it. How many would say that? Amen. So, we'll give him some more services. if he wants to do the 50 chapters of Genesis, we I don't know how we'll figure that out because I know he didn't get to finish Genesis 2 like he wanted to. So, we'll work something out. But praise God for the word and just what I what I have received so much out of the the the what the Lord has shown brother Stephen in this is to see the f the difference in creation and formation to see how God created the things and then all of a sudden now he's going to take the thing he's already created and form it. That's our lives. So in other words, God doesn't have to create something. He's already created in you what he wants to do. But then he takes this flesh man and begins forming him into that original image that he's already created. You see, and it says all of that in first and second uh Genesis there. It's it's it's amazing. And and so then he goes through all the process. Then he says then he brings them to a positioning. All the things he created, he he brings them to a position because once they're in a position, then God can be again to form them into what he really wants. Let me say don't underestimate with all your past and with all your troubles. If it's today or the past, whatever it is, don't underestimate what God has already governed over your life to give you the right trials and to allow the certain things in your life to bring you to an expected end. And I'm not talking about the person next to you. I'm talking about you. I'm talking about you. There is a purpose in your life that's much bigger than you can even comprehend in this mind. You can't even comprement and hind. And these don't try to figure it out in your mind. That's why we need the mind of Christ. But when we get into these things, we're we're we're exploring into the very mind of God to see, wow, this is bigger than any of us. And he's got a plan. He's got a purpose. He's got an expected end. And he's forming you into something, whatever it takes. And God's committed to his word. That means he's committed to you. And it doesn't matter how many years it takes. It doesn't matter how low you've gotten to the myy clay that you would get into. He his redemption is going to pull you out and begin forming you into what you need to be. Praise the Lord. God bless you. God is good. Amen. Thank you, Father, for your word tonight. Thank you, Lord, for our brother that you have brought this gift to us, Lord. Him and his wife and daughter moving into us. and we have enjoyed what you show him, Lord, in the word. We appreciate it. Thank you, Lord, for all of the gifts that you have sent our way and so many uh wonderful things and ways they look at the word of God. We're just so blessed even in this in the bride worldwide and then we're blessed in this local congregation, Lord. And you you've given us such resources to be able to grow in our journey of faith with you, Lord, and grow in revelation. Lord, you've sent us so many good gifts and so many things. And you know, Lord, I've been through the summer taking some of these wind Wednesdays and giving them to these brothers and because we need to hear what you have shown them. We need to hear the things that you've dropped in their heart, Lord. So, we want to give them time as well. We appreciate this is not a a one-man show, Lord. If there is one man in all this, it's the man Christ Jesus. Every time we hear things, it makes you bigger in our eyes. Lord, I pray the young people tonight that are listening would get the value. Even if it's someone, Lord, that that it's they're older, but they haven't seen the value of their Bibles and the value of the word and how every word has such a powerful meaning behind it and revelation behind it. May it give them a hunger to be in the word of God. I pray you'd do that. Lord, bless us as we go to our homes tonight. Um know some have traveled, Lord, from Lima, different places. put your angels around us, Lord, as we go home with our families. We're thankful, Lord, for your grace and love in our lives. And we just live each day, Lord. Your mercies are new every morning. And we live on those mercies. Thank you, Father. And we just commit the evening to you now in Jesus name. Amen. I was remembering that song my sister Sherry wrote or one of I think it was Sherry. Um, it's all coming back to me now. Anybody ever heard that song? It's all coming back to me now. Where were you, Job, when the sons of God shouted for joy? And she says it's all, she said in the song, it's uh I remember the joy. I remember. Help me out, Sherry. Come up here real quick and help me out with this. I remember the joy. I Isaac sings it, but he's been up here enough tonight, I think. And you ever heard that one? Okay. If you don't remember the verses, just sing the chorus. I remember the joy and I remember the peace and I remember the worship. Pharaoh, what a sweet release. I remember the love. I was in the mind of God. I remember some way somehow it's all coming back to me now. I remember the joy and I remember the peace and I remember the worship there. Oh, what a sweet release. I remember the love I was in the mind of God. I remember some way somehow. [Music] It's all coming back to me now. But you can't remember the verses. Praise the Lord. And that's it. That's it. You know what? Every service this is doing, we're getting the right memory back that we lost. Sons of God are getting their right memory back and now they're coming into the mind of Christ. We got our minds, but we're going to die with these minds. But when we start to tap into the mind of God, it's all starting to cuz we we didn't know who we are till we get the new birth and we start to recognize who we are. start to recognize, okay, now my you ever have somebody lost their memory and then they get there something they hit their head and then they're everything comes back to them. You know, that's what's happening in our lives. It's all coming back to us, friends. And we're blessed. God bless you tonight. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. Yes, he is all the time. God is good. Yes, he is all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine [Music] all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. If you're walking through the valley and there's shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you. nor forsake you. And his word is good. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this part of life. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We were sinners so unworthy. Yet for us, he chose to die. filled us with his holy spirit so we stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy they will never God is good all the time but I saw of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God bless you.
