################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-06 - 2025.08.06 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In He Cares, Do You Care (Part 6) - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-06
Title:   2025.08.06 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 6)
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E9f-bMSKzA
========================================

How are you? Sing. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone may my spirit yield. Let's all stand and sing it. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Sing that verse with me. First verse. As the deer penteth for the water so my soul longeth after you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Tell them tonight, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone may my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Amen. Henry, you're not playing the guitar tonight, but would you come pray for us? Got to do something. Uncle Henry, Brother Henry, Precious Lord, we're so thankful for the opportunity to be here tonight. Lord, we ask that you would just meet with us, Father. Meet each need, Lord. Just look into our hearts and, Father, answer those questions that have just been nagging at us all week, Lord. And I pray that you just touch our lives, Lord. Just speak to our hearts, Father. and bless the service. We ask in your precious name. Amen. Lord, it's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight again, isn't it? Amen. I'm excited for what the Lord has for us tonight. Amen. Let's sing this uh song. God is good. Has he been good to you? Let's just let's just tell him how good he is tonight. If your walk giveth. If you're walking through the valley and there shadows all around. Do not fear. My Lord will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised, hallelujah, to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is good. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Yes, you are all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, he is. God is good all the time. And we were sinners, so unworthy. Yet for us, he chose to die. fill us with his holy spirit so we can stand and testify that his love that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good. Oh yes you are all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart. My God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Yes, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. I will enter I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. And I will say this is the day that the Lord have made. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. He has made Oh, heath made me glad. He have made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. So glad. He have made me glad. For he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. Amen. He's made me glad tonight. Praise the Lord. We'll sing. Um wouldn't take nothing from my journey now, but I was going to continue on with that beat, but I find myself with this song. I fumble over my words way too often. Way too often. There's a lot of words in this, so I wanted to slow it down just a tad. So, same key. Ready? Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I'm going to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil turns me and tried to turn me around, he's offered everything that's got a name, all the wealth I want. World of fame if I could still wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Why don't we go and greet each other tonight singing well wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil temp me around. He's offered everything that's got a name. All the wealth I want world fame if I could but still wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I got link to heaven somehow. Though the devil temp me around. He's offered everything that's got a name. All the wealth I want. world of fame if could still wouldn't take love on a journey now. First verse. I started out traveling for the Lord many years ago. I had a lot of heartache, met a lot of grief and woe. Oh, but when I would stumble, then I would humble down. I can say thank you, Lord. I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Well, I would take another for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil takes me and tried to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got to name all the wealth I want. World of fame could still would take another journey now. Well, there's nothing in the world that ever will take the place of God's love. All the silver and gold can never by a mighty touch from above. But when my soul is healing, I begin to feel in his power. I can say, "Thank you, Lord. I wouldn't take nothing for my jour." Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make heaven somehow. The devil tempts me and tried to turn me around. Hallelujah. He's offered everything that's got a name. Wealth, I want the world of fame. But if I could still wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You may be seated tonight. Amen. That reminds me of just along that same same thought. Wouldn't take nothing from my journey. I can't turn back on him. I like that song. Let's sing that one or two. I can't turn back on him. I've turned away from sin. I walk with him every day. There's just no other way. While bridges behind me burn, pressing ahead will be my earth. Have you been there? I've reached the point of no return. First verse, when I think of all the Lord has done for me, yes, Lord, his holy prevailed. So I can walk in victory since I've touched the cross and felt the pain he bore. Oh yes. forsaking all my life before. I've set out for heaven shore to go with him all the way, never to return again to yesterday. Sing it with all your heart tonight. Oh, I can't turn back on him. I've turned away from sin. Oh, I walk with him every day. Oh, there's just no other way. While bridges behind me burn. Pressing ahead will be my earth. I've reached the point of no return. Having put my hand to the plow, I won't look back. Hallelujah. Nothing behind could ever match what I now have. Oh, the Savior now that I have come to know. Hallelujah. He has everything I need to grow. To whom shall I go? Don't never want a part. Yes, it's true. This Jesus, he has won my heart. Oh, I can't turn back on him. I've turned away from sin. Hallelujah. Oh, I walk with him every day. Oh, cuz there's just no other way. While bridges behind me burn, pressing ahead will be my earth. I've reached the point of no return. I've reached the point. Oh, I've reached the point of no return. last time. I've reached the point. I've reached the point of no return. Yes, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Give me. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am. way. Come fill my heart. Let's all stand and sing. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Is that your desire tonight? Oh, come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Hallelujah. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my Just talk to him right now. Worship with fill this void. Fill this void and emptyness. Shine your light on my darkness. Satisfy and restore my soul. I long for you. I long for you to make me whole. So come quench this thirsting. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. You are the only hallelujah. One who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Fill my life, Lord. Oh, come fill my life. I am in complete. Oh, and let your love rain down on me. I need you more, Lord. I confess more of you, Lord. more of you and nothing less to accomplish this third. Hallelujah. Lord, I am. Oh yes, here I am waiting. Come through my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Come quench this. Come quench this thirst. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Lord come fill my heart. Oh you are beyond me. One who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Amen. The prayer request would come tonight. Amen. We'll just sing this one. Let's go up to Kath. We'll go back to Kath. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Just the first verse. You are my strength. Oh, you are my strength. When I am weak, you are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. Seeking you as a precious jew to give up be a fool. You are my all in all. Worship him now. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, the lamb of God. Worthy is your name, God. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Give us one of those verses again. I love those. Give us a verse. You are my strength when I am weak and you are the treasure that I seek. You are my all and all. Yes. Seeking you as a precious jewel, Lord. To give up. I'd be a fool. You are my all and all. We worship you Lord. Oh Jesus. Lamb of God. Worthy. Worthy is your name. Yes Lord Jesus. Lamb of God, worthy is your name. Praise the Lord. We invite your attention in the Bible tonight to Matthew chapter 24. We're going to read in three places. And God bless you tonight for fellowshipping together. You can open your Bibles in your homes as well, wherever you're at. Matthew chapter 24. And we're going to read a few verse uh one two verses here and then Luke 21 end time scriptures and end time characteristics and then go to Hebrews 2 and 3. So three places Matthew 24:10 says and then shall many be offended and shall betray one another and shall hate one another. So the the time of the end time of course is a a time of betrayal. So keep that in mind. It's a time of betrayal. And then he says in verse 11, many false prophets shall rise and shall deceive many. So now we have a characteristic of deception and there are false prophets in the name of the true word and in the name of exc I should say under the name sometimes of Christianity. But the problem with false prophets is when they rise as they cause deception. And then verse 12 says, "And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold." Luke 21 and:e 16, it's also Jesus speaking about the end time as well. Luke 21 and verse 16. One verse of scripture here says, "And ye shall be betrayed both by parents and brethren and kins folks and friends, and some of you shall they cause to be put to death." And then if you would turn over to me to Hebrews chapter 2 and verse three, and we'll add this one in. It is if you've been now, some of you are following along in the message. He cares. Do you care? Some of you agreed to listen to that. And now that you're follow following along, you'll see this is one of the texts that brother Bran read in the um in the text for this subject. Hebrews chapter 2 and verse three. How shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation? How many believe this salvation is a great salvation? It's a powerful salvation. How shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation which is at the first begin to be spoken by the Lord and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him? Pay attention if you would to the word neglect because that doesn't seem like it's just outright rebellion and running from it. It's just neglecting it and that can come in different forms. But we don't want to neglect what God sends. It is a great salvation. Praise the Lord. Father, we just ask you tonight to bless your word. Give us your anointing, Lord. And I pray you would inspire it just like you have to my heart today. And I pray that you'll help your people. These are your uh chosen ones before the foundation of the world. Hold them in your hand. Form them, Lord. And form our opinions by your word. Form, Lord, change our minds. And may we take your thoughts tonight, Lord. May we be instructed and corrected and encouraged, Lord. And I pray father every wrong would be made right by the word of God. Send your holy spirit among us tonight we ask and sweep among us in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So when we move along in the message he cares do you care. There we'll get to a a pretty lengthy section that he begins to and I want to break that section down. I was going to do it tonight. Um, and that's a section or an area of the message he really elaborates on the in of of the subject in relation to our confession and the sincerity with our confession. And uh I believe it's one of the greatest evidences that we show God that we care. And remember in this series now that you're listening with me, you don't have to have the background. We're trying to show that God is a God who cares and likes to do something about it. But we have to show we care. God could care all he wants to, but we have to show we care. Well, how do we know we care? How do we what do we do? What do we offer up to God to show him that we're caring? One of the greatest things is sincere confession. Something that's spoken from our lives. And and what that means is that the the greatest evidence of showing you really care is open transparency, not hiding anything, sincere confession. And so I just tell you when we get into that part of it, put your seatelt on because it's going to be intense. It's going to be some because when we get into that, it's sometimes not comfortable. But I'll tell you, it's the key that the devil wants us to keep to keep us away from true honest transparency and confession. Uh the devil likes us to smear on the message, but God likes an open sincere heart to lay it on the table. And when we do that, somehow it moves the heart of God to step into situation. I can't slip past a little small section though of truth laying here before we get into confession. I can't slip past this part. And the the the the next part of the message, and you probably read it, is related to uh uh it's actually rel related to the lack of trust that we have today. And so I'm going to say it's it's it's because of the age of lies that we live in. We live in an age of lies. We live live in an age of deception. I just read the scriptures. Jesus said talking about betrayal. Talking about deception from false prophets. And when you have end time conditions that have deception and lies and the a I would call this brother Jason Watkins had a wonderful message one year at the men's meeting called the age of lies. We live in the age of lies. We live in a time that everybody lies. They have no conscience of God. So every politicians lie. Can you say amen? Your friends will lie to you. It's a it's a spirit of the age. The problem is is when you have an age of lies, there's one fruit that comes from that and that is a lack of trust because you've been lied to. You you've been betrayed. You've been to you they people were supposed to be loyal to you and they weren't loyal. And you have enough of that happen in the age. Then the fruit of that age is you have people with a lack of trust. And brother Bam's going to talk about this and I don't want to skip this part because we cannot allow the devil to ha make us a person who has a lack of trust. Can you say amen? We have to have a trust number one in God. We have to have a full trust in his word. And the Bible says trust the Lord with all of thine heart and lean not to thine own understanding. We got to trust the Lord. &gt;&gt; And and so if we're looking here at the subject tonight of of trusting him and we live in an age of the failure of loyalty to one another, people close to you can turn against you. All of it produces a lack of trust. They don't trust anything or anybody anymore. And you're going to hear the prophet say that in just a few minutes. I'll just read the quote himself. But they don't trust anything. They don't trust anybody anymore. uh something is lost within us that is built to feel secure because God made us to feel that loyalty to feel secure. God made us for human beings to put their trust in promises that are kept. &gt;&gt; We have something in us that we draw security out of promises that are kept, not promises that are violated. Promises that are go the somebody goes against them. They make a promise and they go against it. And so we're built to be able to have secure relationships because we we realize that it comes from a security of the promises and relationships with loyalty. We're built to have relationships with loyalty. We're built to have security of promises kept. We're built to have commitment. Can you say amen? How many likes commitment? How many likes loyalty? How many likes somebody to be loyal to you? We're built for that. But we live in an age when he says many shall betray one another. &gt;&gt; So we have to be careful that we're not part of that. And we have to be careful that we don't become bitter and put our wall up and now we don't trust anybody. And guess what? If you get away that you don't trust anybody anymore, then maybe the devil would like to take you to the next step and not trust God. &gt;&gt; Cuz he, you know, he don't care if your friend wasn't loyal to you. He wants you to make you have a lack of trust in God, to question God. That's where the devil's trying to end this thing up. And we must stop him in his tracks. We must say, "No, I will not let the devil take my trust away from his word from God is God's word's never failed. His promises have never failed. He's got a perfect track record." &gt;&gt; And I can trust that. Can you say amen? Now, your current trial right now, your current trial, it may look like sometimes, where's God? He's not coming through. I don't trust God anymore. I don't know. I don't know about this. But don't forget God's track record. 6,000 years and even before that, never failing a promise that he made. He's got a Your uncle may not have a perfect track record, but God's got a perfect track record. His word has never failed. If it's 400 years later and a prophet said, "A virgin shall conceive." 400 years later, he kept his promise, "A virgin conceived," &gt;&gt; you can trust God's word. &gt;&gt; Why do I say that? Because we must not buy into the lie of this age that all of a sudden now we can't trust God. &gt;&gt; Cuz you go into counseling somebody, they're going to have to have a certain level. It's all about trust. They're going to have to have a real trust in God to confess, to come to the altar, to give their life that why someone would never come. People would never come and hear hear me preach unless there unless there was some level of trust. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? I wouldn't have anybody to preach to cuz so trust is a very important thing. And that ministers don't violate that trust is even more important. &gt;&gt; And so we have a reverence before God that these are God's people, not my people. And I have to live a life worthy of the gospel. Can you say amen? Before the people. Because there's one thing I don't want to do. I don't want to lose you to see you lose your trust in God or lose your trust in a man of God who's bringing the word to you. I want to be reverent to reverence that and respect you and humble myself before you. And then we humble oursel before God. I value your respect. I value your trust that you have in me. And many ministers through the ages, they don't value it enough and they ditch it and they don't respect God's people. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. So now, uh, something is lost within us. Sometimes when we're built to feel secure in the promises and we're built for relationships with loyalty, when that is violated, we begin to w withdraw ourselves. When loyalty is violated, we withdraw oursel. We put a huge wall up. We we build a world around us that's so tight no one is allowed in because someone has violated trust. Maybe many people has violated trust. So it's like you have a huge wall up. Uh and and so you you you you kind of hold back giving genuine love. It's blocked. And we're not supposed to hold back genuine love. If we say we got it, we don't have a right to restrict it from anybody. If we say we got divine love in our hearts and we got Christ, if you say you got Christ, you got divine love, you don't have a right to restrict that to certain people and give it to other people. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is not a shouting service tonight, but I can tell you, you don't have a right to be uh just picking and choosing who you want to release the love of God to. You don't have a right to be picking and choosing who you release forgiveness to. And when we come down to it, how do we rebuild trust? We'll come down to this at the end. Well, there's a big thing is just the true flow of forgiveness that's coming through Calvary, flowing through us. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And we're not going to get there without that forgiveness. So now, when we're violated, we withdraw. We put a wall up. We build a world around us. Like the little girl that brother Brand was dealing with in a insane asylum. And she said she had built herself around her own world there in what she thought and the Holy Spirit had to break her out of her world. Uh don't think that's just some girl in insane asylum. We build up a wall around us of tight walls a lot of times because somebody has hurt us and violated trust. But you see we can't do that. And so now we become blocked. We block genuine love. And uh the love of many grows cold. Jesus said, "There's an insensitivity. There's no feeling anymore. Nobody will ever be trusted again. Uh, I don't need anybody anymore. I'm going to build my safe world around me." The problem is God didn't make us to be that way. He made us to be relational beings. He made us to be humans that are relational not only to God, but to other people as well. He made us to connect and not keep disconnecting. That's right. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. This one Christian writer says, "Rebuilding trust is much harder than building it." &gt;&gt; Rebuilding trust is much harder than building it. After conflict and separation after two people have so seriously injured each other, even after apologies has been made, restoring spontaneity and carefree affection doesn't happen overnight. And that also is the way God has made us. It takes a while. It's actually harder to rebuild trust than it is to build it initially. &gt;&gt; But is is the power of redemption does the power of redemption from the Lord have rebuilding trust in it? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; It not only builds trust, but if you've lost it, it can rebuild trust. &gt;&gt; It can restore. He said, "I will restore, sayaeth the Lord." This is not only a God that can keep you from sin, but when you fall, then he's able to restore you from sin. If that's true, if he's a God that can protect you, he's a God that can forgive you. He's a God that can rebuild trust. Even if you've lost trust in God and lost trust in the message, you listen to the wrong voices. Too many preachers hurt you. I'm telling you, Christ knows about it and he can rebuild your trust that you stand with 100% confidence in this word that God has sent. &gt;&gt; It's in the atonement. God God provided for it to rebuild trust. Some of you tonight may need the Lord that might need to be your prayer. Not so much I need more finances. I need my trust rebuilt in the word of God. I need my trust rebuilt in what God says. Praise the Lord. So, I'm going to read that again. Rebuilding trust is much harder than building it after conflict and separation. After two people have so seriously injured each other, even after apologies have been made, restoring the spontaneity and the carefree affection for one another doesn't happen overnight. There's something about it. I'd say the worst fruit from this lack of trust is a lack of trust in God. To find God, his help, his deliverance, uh we will have to trust him to do that. So, we would have to trust God. If we're going to find help, if we're we're going to find a God who cares, if we're going to find deliverance, we'll have to fully trust him. &gt;&gt; So, how important is it? And then then Satan destroys our trust that we also we off al we we put ourselves away from God being the supernatural God that he needs to be because we've lost a little bit of trust in our heart. We might still be going to church, but we're just not quite allin because we've lost trust. We're questioning. We're wondering. We got doubts floating around in front of us in our spirit. And we've got all that there. We limit. We limit what God can do. God wants us to believe. God wants us to be free. God wants us to fully trust him. And as I said Sunday, God leads us into trials that will cause us to take us to deeper levels of trusting. Like Abraham, take thy son, thine only son, and bring him up. The son that he got a promise through, take him up and offer him up. Try to figure that one out in your mind. But what was he testing? He was testing Abraham's faith. Are you going to trust me? Take your only son, offer him up to me. And he actually did it. He put him up to the altar, grabbed the knife. This is how much he trusted God, his only son. His only son from his own loins. And here from from the the promised son. And he's ready to do it. And the angel has stopped him says, "Now I know you really trust me." There are levels of trust that we need to grow to it. Can anybody help me with an amen tonight? There are levels of trust God wants to bring you through through trials that you've never imagined before. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You know that story about the guy that falls off into the Grand Canyon just hanging by a bush and he says, "Can anybody help me up there?" You know, and somebody says, "Yeah, I can help you." It's God speaking to him. I can help you. What do you What do you need me to do? Please help me. What do I need to do? Let go and I'll help you. &gt;&gt; That's what God said. Let go and I'll help you. Is there anybody else up there? God has taken us to levels of trust that we never imagined before. There are trials in people's lives. Even in this church, I would have never imagined families have to hit it. But all I can say is our God is true. Our God will bring you through. Our God can be trusted. He's got it in his control. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So now, if we lose our trust in God, then we we close the doors for deliverance. And the God who cares. Satan has done his best to destroy trust. So, we won't even trust the Lord. He don't care if you lose Satan doesn't care if you lose trust in the government. He doesn't care if he you lose trust in your uh employer. It's when we don't think God can be trusted. He is winning the battle in your life when he brings you down the path of not trusting God. &gt;&gt; Satan's winning. And I tell you, we need to wake up. If you're there, you need to wake up. Don't let him do it. Don't let Satan take it that far. Say, "Well, I'm not there." Well, praise the Lord you're not there. But I can tell you the devil's agenda is not just to get you to mistrust other human beings. He wants to get you to you. Not you don't trust the message. You don't trust God. You don't believe. You see, that's where he wants to take you. Don't let him f fulfill his agenda. Losing trust in the word of this hour is the worst thing. Cuz listen now, losing trust in the message of the hour is the worst thing Satan can do cuz it's the very thing God sent in his provided way for this hour. &gt;&gt; And what an attack. It's always been attacked, but look at the last 15, 20 years, 10 years, how this message has been attacked. You know, we had a reporter here and we were gracious. We answered her questions, but it we knew it all of a sudden it just everything most of the stuff was negative on all of us. Not sure if I'll do that again, but I'll tell you, I'll say it publicly and I respect the young girl that come. She was very respectful to us. But listen, if the enemy is behind it all, if the critics are behind it all, you're not going to come out, it's not going to about come out truthful. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Why? Well, it's just what he said here in Satan's Eden. Look at this. No wonder he destroys the value of the word of the hour. He says, "Now, he said he would exalt himself above the most high." How does Satan do that? He would ascend above the clouds and the stars, and he would sit there like God and be above the most high. And he has succeeded in carrying out his threats. He has certainly had a marvelous success in carrying out his threats by the people letting him explain away in every age the value of God's promised word to that age. That's exactly how he's done it. In every age, he explained it away. The enemy is behind influences to explain slowly explain away and take stabs in his his fiery darts at the message of the hour. The very thing God sent that should be trusted, that's what he's trying to poke holes in. Can I get an amen tonight? &gt;&gt; The very It's the word of the hour that he sent. It's that that the the guns are trained from hell against. And in our minds, we can be manipulated sometimes. And I'll tell you, that's why we need the the the typost of the Holy Ghost. We need a concrete typost. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; We need to be settled that we have the Holy Spirit. When you have that, then there's no in your soul questioning. It's in your mind. You might have Satan bring things and little birds try to put nest in your thoughts, but the soul says amen to the word of God. So, you know, we will go into this idea a little bit of this lack of trust which causes people not to connect. It really is just unbelief, a lack of trust. And this text that uh we read to you, how should we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? The omnipotent God is available for any need and people neglect it. How should we escape if we neglect? And I was looking up that word neglect. People neglect the power of God and the what God can do but they sometimes just neglect it. Neglect it for different reasons. Like neglect means, listen to what neglect means. It's with our subject. Neglect means something is being ignored that is not being cared for properly. That's the verb. Neglect is something that's being ignored. Now it's I don't see this as being somebody just running away from it. It's something that's just being ignored. Neglect is ignoring something that should be cared for. &gt;&gt; How should we escape if we neglect? It's just ignoring that something we should be giving more value to and we're just ignoring it. And people ignore it for different reasons. It's it's not just always uh just rebellion and I'm running away from this. It's just ignoring it. And then the noun for neglect means the state of fact or fact of being uncared for. Isn't that amazing? We're preaching on he cares. Do you care? And it means that people cannot give the proper attention and care for this word, for the power of God, for the inward need that they have. If you have something inward that's a need, God has a way to meet that need. &gt;&gt; And so you need to have a a care and not neglect that inward need. &gt;&gt; That's how we show we care. You don't ignore. You don't neglect. You don't have a lack of care for and that's what people have. They like have a care they have a lack of care for their heart. They maybe come to church but they you must care if there's a need. You see, brother said in the thirst message, he says there's another thing that we do to a thirst. He says we neglect a thirst. And if you neglect a God-given thirst, he said you'll die. So you can't neglect a thirst. If God's putting something in you and there's a wall blocking it, you must have a care. And this is what neglect means. Uh we're preaching on he cares, do you care? It means that people cannot give the proper attention and care for an inward need. You have sin, but you're not caring for the answer for that sin. You're just neglecting the answer God's given. You have damage in your heart. You have hurt in your heart. You have condemnation in your heart. You have fear in your heart. and you're not caring for that heart to bring it closer to God. That's neglect. How shall we escape if we neglect our hearts and where they're at? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, when you don't have a care for that heart and bring it to God, it means you're neglecting it. You're not caring for it. God cares for it, but you're not caring for it. So if someone neglects the truth or neglects God, it could be out of rebellion, it also could be because it's not a prior a priority in your life above everything else. Might as well say it. People might neglect because they're just out rebellious. But I don't catch that meaning of the word neglect. It's just not having an attention. And here I'm saying people neglect it and ignore it because something else is more important in their lives. &gt;&gt; So So I I I I know God's important. I know God's important, but and I know I've got some needs here and I've got to connect with the Lord so he can so he can help me. But it's on the bottom of the list. It can't. You're not caring for it properly if it's at the bottom of the list. Because one day when the money is gone and the things are gone, how you cared for your heart and connecting with God is the only thing we go away with. Character is the only thing we take with us. &gt;&gt; How much we get from God in revelation is what we will carry with us to the other side. It won't be our houses and lands. But people neglect a need in their lives for a lot of reasons, but sometimes it's just simply everything else is so so greatly important. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. To not get so busy. I was just thinking of something somebody sent me today, and I if it all comes back to me, I'll say it to you, but it's not all coming back right now. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Could be out of rebellion. Could not. Could be that there's there's not a priority above anything else in life. Listen, the word and Christ the word is the pearl of great price. &gt;&gt; But if you don't see it as the pearl of great price, &gt;&gt; you won't value it as that. And Jesus said when the man in the parable found he was looking for the pearl great price, he found it. He unearthed it. And when he found it, he went and sold everything else he had for that pearl. When Christ, this word, this Christ of this message becomes that kind of pearl in you, you will easily shed the things of the world. &gt;&gt; You will easily put it priority above everything. The only reason you don't sell out to it, lock, stop, and barrel, it's not a pearl to you yet. &gt;&gt; I'm giving away a sermon that the Lord's given me. I'm giving it tonight. And I got a whole sermon on this. The only reason somebody wouldn't completely sell out lock, stock, and barrel to this Christ of this message is they don't see it as the pearl. When you see it, this is the pearl. This is what I've been looking for my whole life. God sent it. It's precious. It's a pearl. It's not something to be ignored and put to the side. And when you see it as that, you'll sell out everything else and you'll give to it. Can you say amen? So, here's what brother Brown gets into. You can't believe nothing hardly. It's this little section about trust. Can't believe nothing hardly but the Bible. We still have Christ thanks to God. See, you can't believe anything. For instance, when you turn on your television, you that have such and when you turn your television on and see the commercials, well, if a person tried to live by 100th of those commercials, you'd die in a week. So, you couldn't do it. And the very thing that some company will break down like a product and say this is the thing here and don't have this one over here. And the same company sells the same product, then another commercial will come on, take this on this side and not that and that same company. So, there's a competition. And today with the what do they call them the algorithms or whatever it is they catch what you want to buy. They're vying for your purchase cuz they're out to make money. And a lot of times what brother Brandon says is true. It's the same corporate companies that own both of them. They're making a fight between the two products and they're saying this is the best. This is the best. And the same company's making the making both of those products. What are they doing? They're lying to you. &gt;&gt; It's the age of lies. They're lying and they don't care. They're lying to you. And we kind of get pulled into that. The American people fall for such stuff as that till the whole thing is become rotten until there's no hopes at all. And just hold the quote right there. Nobody knows what to believe. &gt;&gt; It it creates this thing of confusion and lack of trust. &gt;&gt; That's where it starts. It's it's the media. It's the commercials. It's just, you know, I started this when I was a very young boy. Some of you know my story, but I'll just be real quick with it. When I recognized for there was a freckle removal for my freckles, and I begged my mom and dad for months on end to get this new product that would remove freckles cuz I hated my freckles. I begged them. I begged until my dad finally sprung for the product. I got it. I took it home. I put it all over my body and I knew the next morning I would be like non and have baby skin and not have freckles anymore. The next morning I woke up I had more freckles than what I had the night before. And so I I learned these things when I was a kid. Hey, wait a minute. Somebody's trying to sell me something here. They're lying to me. And most of the products is that way. It's to make money, but it don't have a substance to to it. Can you say amen? I'm comfortable with my freckles today. I've learned to accept them. 32 years ago, I married a woman and the two questions I asked her to establish our relationship, "Do you have the Holy Ghost?" Second question, do you like freckles? And she said in her Tennessee accent, I love those freckles. Praise the Lord. Let's get married. I've ordered a lot of stuff through the years, friends. I didn't learn from them. I've ordered a lot of special vitamins and pills and all the weight loss stuff from what did it start out fit for life and that turned it into fit to be tied and balance of nature and I have been gullible and you know that's the only thing people buy that balance of nature for is to relieve their childhood guilt of not getting their fruits and vegetables cuz their mom told them to get it and you can get it in a peel pill, a pill. That's the reason they do it. I was beginning to wonder after I was taking all this stuff that I seen and I seen on ads and I had it all laying on the counter and I took I was running how many pills I would be needing to take per day to solve all my problems. Apple cider vinegar. And the only benefit to that is it comes in gummy bears. Now, there's something appealing about vitamins and stuff that come in gummies because it takes you back to your childhood and it's easy to go down and it's gummy bears and you feel like you're a kid again and but you know on I want to end this on a good note finally finally in my life this year I'm hitting and finding some good things that doesn't look like lies and just a bunch of money spending. I'm getting some results. Uh some of it is from our dear sister Tina and different ones in the church that's helped us to get um sister Tina is the she don't mind me teasing her that she's the resident uh homopaththetic doctor here homeopathic doctor and uh she has helped us and some others and I want to say to the glory of God uh I'm off of since March I'm off of all my medications all my medicines since March. Amen. So it is there is some things that can help and uh finally finding some of those things. But boy, I was gullible with some of that stuff. This is the age of lies. &gt;&gt; There's no morals in the companies as he's saying the the system. It's a system of Satan to act like they're telling the truth, but they're telling a lie. And they will lie to make a greater profit. Politicians will do that to get a position. The age of lies causes people to do what? to lose trust. &gt;&gt; The age of lies has a fruit to it and that's causes people to lose trust. Nobody knows what to believe. As brother Bram says, why why is this such an important subject? Why is it so? Why did I believe the prophet brought it up for a reason? Because without trust, you won't run towards God and seek the help from God because you have a hesitance even to trust him. &gt;&gt; It's an age of lies. If you've had enough lies, the fruit of it would be you you just have a mistrust. You can't have that with God. We got to give all of our hearts to him. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? He goes on to say, "The people lie, cheat, steal, till you almost have to have a bond of security to borrow $5 from somebody." You know, the Bible speaks that there'd be no love in the last days, but just among the elect group. That's right. The scripture speaks of that. that the husband would be against wife and wife against husband, children against parents. Just among the elected of the Lord will there be any love left. I want to as a pastor tell you this is what brother Bram says is the time and Jesus said it. He said many shall betray one another. Fathers will turn against children. Husbands will turn against wife. Just remember when you're having that argument and Satan wants to take it and escalate it to break in your oneness in your marriage. Just remember that's not you. That's the devil doing that because it's an age of mistrust. If he can cause you to mistrust one another, then he can cause you to mistrust God. And we live underneath that, friends. Brother Brand was saying it. That's why I read to you the end time scriptures. It's a time of betrayal. It's a time when people lose trust. And so that's what he says in the natural. Now look where he goes. And you probably read this if you're listening to this message. Now we find out that the churches too are always promising something like television and so forth that they never get to the thing they promised. &gt;&gt; Right? I may not get as many amens on this, but he goes to and said this whole carnal atmosphere of lies now it's come in the church that they're always trying to promise and hold something out from the people and promise. Okay, this is going to happen. This I believe in being expecting. I preached on that a Sunday or Wednesday, I think it was, is that I believe in true expectations of God, but false expectations is a bad thing. And sometimes churches to bring the people under false expectations and promising if you do this this is going to happen. If you give this much money this is going to happen. This big meeting coming up this is going to be the answer to all your problems. People get disappointed because they put their trust in something and the next time when it fails they don't trust as much. He even said in I think perfect faith I read it today where he says we shouldn't have artificial altra altar calls because when we do that person will come but it's 10 times harder for them to come the next time if they're not sincerely in confession when they come to the altar &gt;&gt; they get harder towards it and so now he's saying the churches like television the thing they promise is often I said an old quotation man is always praising God for what he did praising God for what he will looking forward to what he will do and then ignore what he's doing. You see they fail and that's the way that become the history after a while the polluted because they fail to recognize now you can talk of the comfort Christ give once and say that a comfort he will give in the ages to come but refuse the comfort that he's got here now for you see it's on the same basis we find that it's become a great thing now find out that they come so he's saying they point to something and this is get this gets pretty specific the next one there that's even become in Pentecost in the church. It's it's become into the Pentecostal realms that they're always promising something that they never get to it. It's always that every fellow has a different sensation and make it whether it's scripture or not. They're promising something that they never get to it until it seems like. Now, friends, he's diagnosing the church. They're buying into this is that you're manipulating the people and putting out a promise there and having them reach towards it. Then they get disappointed. You know what you're doing? You're bringing confusion. You're bringing a lack of trust. &gt;&gt; And if it's the church, people start will start lacking trust in God because the church is supposed to represent God. &gt;&gt; The church is supposed to be preaching the reality of God. But if they're playing games, and I've even watched this in movements within our within our our group, and that is to keep the people always on the edge of something. They keep changing. The target keeps moving, keeping on. Oh, this is the big thing that's happening. Everybody needs to join in with this. And then when that fizzles out, then they jump onto something else. This is what's happening. And they draw the people into it. A lot of people get disappointed and get discouraged because what? You're doing the same thing. &gt;&gt; Just preach the pure word of God with no gimmicks. Don't try to hold something over the people to try to keep them paying their tithes. Get rid of all that carnality. Yes. &gt;&gt; And we've had this thing creep in sometimes with using all kinds of different things to keep the people dazzled by something. Just let's just let's just let all that burn away from us &gt;&gt; because what it does it causes people to lose trust in the true message in the true word of God. Can you say amen? Let me finish that. So it get to the place where it doesn't seem to be any sincerity. I think that's the end of the Yeah, that's the end of the quote. Did I read that whole thing? Yeah. So every fella has a different sensation and make it whether it's script whether it's scriptural or not and they're promising something that they never do get to it until it seems like it's got to a place where there doesn't seem to be any sincerity confusion promises broken around the church. It affects people. And the last thing he says here, there doesn't seem to be s sincerity. That's what we'll go into in next is sincerity and sincere confession. That kind of atmosphere can affect the trust in people. And there's not the sincerity in our altar calls. There's not the sincerity in our services. We're not coming here to just hear a sermon, an artificial sermon. We're coming here to meet God. &gt;&gt; I don't want anything artificial. I don't want to be dazzled by something that surface. I want to meet God. I want to connect with him. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, just to to find some uh conclusions here tonight. And remember, I said this is just a very short section of he cares. Do you care? I hope you listen to it. But we cannot let Satan steal our trust in God. First of all, &gt;&gt; why do you have to say something so simple, brother Paul? Because Satan is out to steal your trust in God. Satan is out to steal your trust in the message. &gt;&gt; I just say take your Bible and take the message. Don't take any other voices on the internet. &gt;&gt; You've got a soul. You can call on God. You can take your Bible. You study it and you find the truth that God can show you. Don't take voices from anybody else today. They just sometimes come and plant a little seed there against the prophet's message and get you find it. And I'm going to just testify to you. There are some times when I come along through the years, I've said this to ministering brothers. There are some times and since 16 years old, I've been studying this message and every once in a while he'll say something, the prophet of God, and I'll go, especially when I was young because I didn't know my Bible well enough. And I'm going, where did he get that from? I I don't know. But I knew I had to trust in this. This is God's prophet for this hour. Satan's never taken that away from me. That's was settled. Who Malachi 4 was has was settled. That's a a foundational absolute. Brother Brandham isn't the absolute. The word is the absolute. But who Malachi 4 was, that's an absolute. &gt;&gt; I had a man in in the office and begin to question these things and I just he wanted to talk about all the different things where he felt like brother Brian was wrong. I said, 'There's only one question I need to ask you. Who's Malachi 4:5? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Said, "Well, I never thought about that." I said, "Well, that's foundational. I mean, who's he at? Who is he?" &gt;&gt; Because once that is established as an absolute, the other things God can show you, &gt;&gt; okay? God's not asking you to just blindly trust something, but but you see now over time when I found something and I'm going, "Ah, boy, where does that?" And I know there's a human side, too. But let's not promote that so much that we start questioning everything God's prophet said. There's a human side. But every time that I find something, I say, I don't know if that's in the word. I've been in doing this. I'm 59. Why do I keep bringing up my age? I'm 59. Started at 16 years old. Study this message. Every time through the years, even as of last week, now I know why the prophet said it. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; There it is right there in the Bible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's a trust that develops a real trust. God's breathing on this generation. God breathed on this generation and he's brought his people back to absolute truth. &gt;&gt; It lays in there. &gt;&gt; So, I've learned to trust to where I don't take my thoughts on it and say, "Okay, he was wrong on that and I'm just going with it." No, no, no, no, no. I trust a prophet's interpretation over my own. Yeah, sure. &gt;&gt; Because a prophet is a divine interpreter of God's word. &gt;&gt; Not he as a human being, but his office, he's an interpreter of God's word. That needs to be settled in our lives. &gt;&gt; That way, we don't just throw him on as a pebble on another pebble on the beach. No, no. God did what he did throughout the Bible when the people needed. He sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; This must be for somebody tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Wh how does you have how do you have a pattern that God sends a prophet in every generation and reveals his secrets? Amos 3:7 through the prophets and all of a sudden we get to the end and God changes his mind. No, I'm not going to do it that way. Changing the whole pattern. No, he's always done it that way. And I'm I'm comfortable with that. And guess what? I trust that that's a God that I can trust. &gt;&gt; I get those little things. I Oh my goodness. And then every one of them. Every one of them. &gt;&gt; There it is. There it is. Cuz remember when you're in the mind of God and a prophet's bringing the mind of God, you may not understand it initially. &gt;&gt; But if it's the mind of God, you'll catch that thought. Say, "Oh, now I see what was in God's mind. Now I see why the prophet was saying that." &gt;&gt; Sometimes to the world, it seems very harsh what he says. Elijah's Elijah didn't have too much. He didn't hold back on Jezebel at all. And this Elijah didn't either. and all the Jezebels of the generation because his nature was Elijah. And so you go, "Oh, well, I don't know if I'd say it that way." But let let Elijah be Elijah. &gt;&gt; What do you If you live back in Elijah's day, what are you going to come? That was very harsh what you said about Jezebel. You were very Can't you choose your words a little better? You're going to tell Elijah that? No. Elijah's Elijah. Let him be Elijah. We pastors, we might bring it a little different way, but let Elijah be Elijah. I'm not not afraid of any of it today. &gt;&gt; If it comes and tears the very hide off of me, I've learned to trust the Lord &gt;&gt; that it's for my good. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I got to go back here and find where I'm at in my notes. We can't let Satan steal our trust. We must pray and say, "God, if I've lost trust, restore my trust." God can build trust. And God can restore trust, he can rebuild it. And in redemption, he can rebuild trust as well. Not just give it, but rebuild it. to trust God for our complete salvation and the rapture and everything in between. God wants us to trust him for our complete salvation and the rapture and everything in between. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Now, this one man, as I'm just trying to draw down to a close, uh he writes a little something about trust can be rebuilt in broken relationships. He was asked from a man on a radio show, "I broke trust with my wife. I was unfaithful to my wife. We're back together." But he said, "How can I rebuild trust to my wife that she trusts me again?" What a great question. He gives a scripture here in Colossians 3:13, "Bear with each other and forgive one another. If any of you have a grievance against someone, forgive as the Lord forgave you." &gt;&gt; Amen. Some people think trust either exists in a relationship and you have it or you don't. It's only one or two things. I think that's a good way to bring it up. Some people think that trust exists. You either have it or you don't. But that's simply not true. Scripture shows us how we can build trust and even rebuild trust. This is what scriptures uh these scriptures uh talk about conflict resolution to be able to rel uh uh to resolve things and to build back trust. I shared that he would first need to humbly go to his wife and admit his sin if he hadn't done so already and ask for forgiveness. That's Matthew 5. That would fulfill the Lord's commandment to go fess up to it, own up to it, completely repent. But see, it's not just that to rebuild. Then he would need to ask her if there was any other way that he had hurt her. Listen to her. Listen to her response. Take ownership without blameshifting, accusing, or denying. He would need to confess his sin and ask for her forgiveness for hurting her without taking these first steps in humility towards reconciliation. Any efforts, any additional efforts he would take to rebuild trust with his wife would be hindered. I reminded them him that if someone trusts me, it's because I have done what is trustworthy and what makes them feel safe. My actions have created trust in them. Therefore, to rebuild trust with his wife, he would need to find out what she needs to feel safe and do those things. And he goes on and on. But I just want to bring that point that we assume well trust trust is either there or it's not there. If trust is broken in this age, it can be. It can be restored as well. &gt;&gt; And if we're talking about a trust in God, your trust in the Lord and the message in one another can be restored. &gt;&gt; How many believe that tonight? We can't have an entrance to a God who cares. Until we care enough to say, I trust God that he can. If I'm lacking trust, he can rebuild my trust. &gt;&gt; You come before the Lord, there has to be a trust in him. The power of Christ's forgiveness is the key to trusting again. William Slack, I don't I don't think he's here tonight. He wrote something really nice last week on the youth um telegram and it was on forgiveness. Several of our brothers though write something uh brother Brent and different ones and it's it's encouraging things even some of the sisters and uh William wrote a thought on forgiveness and it was wonderful to see but then I heard from some of the youth you know this is difficult you know these these this person's hurt me this person you know it's amazing today it used to be that someone was older become old and crusty and so many people have done them wrong they become bitter and they're the ones that's got to talk about forgiveness. &gt;&gt; But now it's the teenagers &gt;&gt; who have had hurts and pains sometimes by their own parents. &gt;&gt; It's them that's talking about the subject of forgiveness. I know it's within me. I know. But it's hard to forgive. We're living in quite a generation, friends, if it's in our young people that they already have. They're asking God, "Help me to forgive. help me. And I said to one young person, I said, "We release forgiveness to that person for our own freedom, &gt;&gt; not waiting for someone else to make it right. &gt;&gt; Because that person may never change, but we can be free when we release forgiveness." How many believe that Christ released forgiveness from the cross for us? And we hadn't even repented yet, but he just released forgiveness to us. It came forth from Calvary. &gt;&gt; God loved us that much. &gt;&gt; If Christ just released his forgiveness to us, how can we restrain it and hold it back from others that have done us wrong? This is how we rebuild. Can you say amen? And I remind you of Proverbs 3:5. Trust the Lord with all of thine heart and lean not to thine own understanding. Never buy into the idea that this is impossible. This is our goal to trust the Lord with all of our heart. As I'm closing tonight, how many would raise your hand and say, "I want to trust the Lord with all of my heart and not lean to my own understanding." Never buy into the idea that this is impossible. It's our It's actually our only hope. It's our only hope that we trust the Lord with all of our heart. &gt;&gt; Don't let the devil talk you out of it. Trust can be re rebuilt back in God again. Trust can be built back in people again. How many believe it can be built back in God? It can it can be built back in people again. &gt;&gt; But the thing with it is is that when your ultimate is when God, you have to have your ultimate in God and your trust and security in God's faithfulness because people may still fail you &gt;&gt; because they're human beings. &gt;&gt; But if you're strong, you release for forgiveness. You can have relationship anyway. We're built to have relationships. but always having our boundary up to say, "I won't let that hurt get to my heart anymore because I'm secure and free in the Lord." Is that okay? Here is why it's so important and no doubt why it's part of the truth of what we see. And brother Brandham bringing it. He cares. Do you care? It is. It it it is it will bring and I just want to Ted Instrom said this. This is I'm closing on some of these things. When there is a strong trust, listen now. When there is a strong trust, a person tends to be more open and less defensive. &gt;&gt; When there is a strong trust, a person tends to be more open and less defensive. He doesn't have to spend time proving something. Facades can drop and be replaced with directness and honesty. Why? Because they have a strong trust. God can heal your broken heart, but you need to give him all the pieces. If we're not willing to give him all the pieces of the hurt and the broken heart, he can't heal it. &gt;&gt; And I mean all the pieces. &gt;&gt; We bring them all to him. And I bring it to you. I bring it to you to trust you. Can you say, "Man, musicians can come." How many's ever been trying to give a baby a bath and they get the shampoo in their eyes and they scream bloody murder? So, as they just grow a little bit, you're trying to teach them if they would just lift up their head and look at me, then the water would drop off and they wouldn't get it in their eyes. How many times have you tried to tell? But they don't trust you. They get scared of the shampoo. It's going to get in my eyes. And they put their head down. It gets in their eyes again. And they scream bloody murder murder again. That's right. And what's the references in scripture, especially at the end time? Look up. Lift up your head. &gt;&gt; You get scared, you put your head down. But he wants us to keep looking up at him because then when he's washing us, it just goes, it doesn't get in our eyes. A child has to learn to trust the one who's given him a bath. Can you say amen? We have to learn to trust the Lord 110%. And when you come to trials that are testing that, say, Lord, I know I'm being tested right now. Everything in my life is being tested. But the greatest thing he's trying to teach me is how much do I really trust the Lord? Do I got what Abraham I'm Abraham's seed but do I have what Abraham had to say take thy son thine only son God if I'm missing that give me that kind of trust &gt;&gt; that for my finances for my emotional well-being for my soul whatever it is tomorrow if I don't know how to pay bills. I don't care what comes my way. I am going to trust my God because he's bigger than any problem. He's bigger. Can you say amen? I'm trusting him. I'm trusting in the deepest times when I don't understand and I can't even understand God. I'm going to stand here and trust him because he's got a track record that's never failed. &gt;&gt; You may not be able to give any answers to anything except utter the words, "Lord, I completely trust you 110%." &gt;&gt; And we will come out of this by the grace of God. That's the kind of trust level he wants to be. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. Do you love the Lord tonight? Trust and obey. For there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Oh, trusting and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy when we walk with the Lord in the light his word. What a glory he sheds on our way. Hallelujah. Think about it now. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and with all who will trust. How many raise your hand say, I want to trust him that way. I want to just let him go. Give it to him. Oh, trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. Not a shadow can rise, not a cloud in the skies, but his smile quickly drives it away. Yes, it does. Not a doubt, amen. Not a sign, nor a te can abide. Why we What a place to live. What a place to live tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, trust and know for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oh, I love this. Hallelujah. I love it. Not a burden we bear, not a sorrow we share, but our toil he does richly. He's going to repay. Oh yes. Not a grief nor a loss, not a frown or a cross, but is blessed if we trust and oy. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy. There's another verse. Let's sing it. But we never can prove the delights of his love until all the altar we lay. That's right. For the favor he shows and the joy he bestows are for them who will trust. Are we going to do it tonight? Such blessing within. Oh trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy just reach your hand towards the Lord as we close the service tonight wherever you are you know when we lift our hands it's a sign of surrender So when we pray together tonight and leave this place, let there be a completely surrendered heart, completely trusting heart. We trust him with our lives. We trust him with the confessions of our soul, our spirit. We trust him when there's pain. We trust him. When there's something secret and hidden, we trust him that he's going to have our good in mind. We trust him with it. And Father, as we leave this place tonight, Lord, may your presence go with us, Lord, with your heart, Lord. And we've we've seen a a part of your heart tonight, Lord, that's been expressed to us. Oh, how you love us, Lord. How you care for us, Lord. May we show that we care, Father. May we not buy into this age of lies and begin to mistrust everything and get bitter and cynical, Lord, and critical. Oh God, forgive us. Help us to be free. Help us to have that spontaneity, Lord, to have relationships that are opened and Lord, with one another and especially with you, Lord. No guilt, no condemnation, no shame. As Adam and Eve, Lord, walked in the garden, the cool of the day, and there was no guilt. There was perfect fellowship with you. No sin, no hesitance, just free fellowship, walking in the cool of the day. You've restored us back to that, Lord. And I pray you'll grant it for these precious souls tonight. We go in your name tonight. We go in your presence. Grant every need, we pray, and commit it to you as we go on until we meet together Sunday. Lord, we pray you'll protect us. Put your angels around us. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you all in Christian love tonight. If you have a need, come forward. We'll be glad to pray with you. Take that before the Lord. I trust the word has been a blessing to you tonight. Encourage you, strengthen you. And he gives us these nuggets, these golden nuggets, this pearl of great price. We can't put a price tag on what the Lord gives us. Can you say amen? God bless you as you dismiss this evening. Got another key. Trust and oy for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust. We're going to sing Jesus. We're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you to see. Oh, one more time. Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you to see us through. Israel came to the water. They didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. They couldn't see their way through. Lord, you moved the water and they walked right on through. Oh Jesus, we're trusting you, Lord. Trusting you, Lord. Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh Jesus, we trust you, Lord. Depending on you, depending on you to see us through. When your face tried by fire, you don't know what to do. You know the devil's a liar. There's not much he can do. Although he tries to stop us, we know you'll see us through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Aren't you glad we're depending on Jesus, Jesus? Oh, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you to see through. When you're face trapped by fire, you don't know what to do. You know the devil's alive. There's not much you can do. Tries hard to stop us. We know you'll see us through. Oh Jesus, more than ever, Lord, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you to see us through the water, they didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. Lord, you move the water and they walked right on through. I'm glad that Jesus moved through on you. Aren't you glad we can trust the Lord and I, Jesus? Jesus depended on you. Jesus depended on you. depending on you to see us through. Amen. More than ever before. Lord, I love you more than ever before. Lord, I need you more than ever before. I want to tell you I love you now more than ever before. more than ever before. Lord, I Lord, I really love you more than ever before. Lord, I need you more than ever before. I want to tell you I love you now more than ever before. More
