################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 2025.05.04 - Bro. Daniel Ofori-Darko - When The Supernatural Is Introduced - Daniel Ofori.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   2025.05.04 - Bro. Daniel Ofori-Darko - When The Supernatural Is Introduced
Speaker: Daniel Ofori
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBKOkPtczEY
========================================

to be view the cross where Jesus died for me. are [Music] marvelous. The grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my faults and saw mine. If you just help me stand this morning, sing that song again. Oh, are amazing grace shall always be my song of [Music] grace. For it was praise that bought my liberty. [Music] Oh, I do not know just why he came to love me [Music] so. He looked beyond my fault and saw my need. Oh, I shall [Music] forever my life to [Music] Calary to give the [Music] cross where Jesus died for me. Oh, how [Music] marvelous the grace my falling soul will lift me alone. my fall is all I need. Lord Jesus, thank you for the cross. Thank you for saving our fallen soul cuz we are were meant for pardation. We were meant to to go to hell. But Lord, for the cross, oh Lord, we're here today. Lord, we pray God, keep that focus, oh Lord, in our mind always like a prophet said, not looking to the right or the left, but looking straight at that cross. Cuz the more we see you, the more we become you, Lord. The more we look at you, the more we focus on you and what we have in store for us, the more we become Christ, Lord. Help us as we come together in worship this morning. Lord, we want it to be all to you, giving glory to your holy father. Bless our worship this morning. Bless our hearts. Meet our needs. Oh God, heal those who are sick this morning. Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Father in heaven, I love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people we declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was in heaven to come. Blessed be the Lord. Lord God [Music] Almighty forever. Oh, one more time. Oh, Father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises. as your people with the glare of mighty words. Blessed be the Lord God. Oh, let's just worship this morning. Oh, awesome is to come. Blessed be the Lord, the God Almighty. Reigns. Blessed be the Lord. One more time. Oh, blessed be the Lord. Lord God [Music] Almighty who was and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. will reign forever. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. Amen. This that's one of the old songs I used to sing way back as a kid. So if you don't know it, go check it out. It's a beautiful song. Amen. Can I get a little volume on my feet back here, please? Thank you. Amen. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. Amen. Are you happy to be in God's house this morning? Are you happy to be here? I am happy to be here to be among us children worshiping God to you know give my soul some strength because if you don't have strength your brother has strength we carry each other you know you know in in fellowship. Amen. Praise the Lord. Go ahead and shake the hand of somebody next to you. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Blessed be the Lord that the name of the Lord in land that's plentiful. Blessed be your name. [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Blessed be your name in the land that is plentiful where your streams of abundance flow. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. When I'm found in the desert place, though I walk through the wilderness, blessed be your name. Every blessing you pour out of when the darkness closes. And Lord, still blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Blessed be your name. When the sun shining down on me. When the words all as it should be. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name on the road marked with suffering. Oh, there's faith in the offering. Blessed be your [Music] name. Every blessing you pour [Music] out. So I will sing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glory. You give and take away. You give and take away. You give and take. My heart will choose to say blessed be your name. Oh yes, you give and take. Give and take away. Oh my heart choose to say blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be your glorious name. Amen. Amen. If this is offering, it's always an offering. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm excited, but I don't know how to control myself. I'm trying to just But you know what? I'll do anyhow. I just worship him the way I want. There's no criteria to worshiping God. I have to follow this way. Just out of the abundance of you, the Holy Spirit in your heart. Just worship. Amen. If you like laying down, if you like rolling the floor or jumping, just do it. Amen. Amen. The key. God is good all the time. Just put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Hold the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the [Music] time. You're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, he is right to never leave you or not forsake you. And his words, oh God is good all the time. The song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we are sinners so unworthy yet for us to die. We lost with the Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy. It will never end all the time for the son. God praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. God is good. One more time. All the time. God is good. All the time. Put a son. of praise in this heart of my God is good. Oh to the darkest night this light will shine. God is good. God is good all the [Music] time. Amen. Amen. God is good all the time. All the time. Amen. And amen. You may be seated at everybody. Our God is good all the time. Regardless of whatever you're going through, sometimes it doesn't feel like it, but he's still good. Amen. Whether you have or you don't have, whether you full or you empty, he's still good. Amen. There also there's always a reason for for your situation. Amen. Amen. The key of Eflat. Yeah. Eat. When I think about the Lord, if you can get his words, please. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how will he pick me up and turn me around? I will place my feet on solid ground. Oh, makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. You're worthy of all our praises. Oh, [Music] all the praise. Take it up. When I think about the Lord, how he saved and how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost and used to heal me every day. Oh, when I think about the Lord, I was nothing. He picked me up. Sh my wife and you [Music] my shaking ground. Oh makes me want shout hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Lord you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. Oh, makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Lord your word Lord and all the praise the music. Make want to shout makes me want to shout hallelujah. Let me hear you sing it. Lord, you're worthy. Lord, you worthy of all the praises. Of all the glory. Oh, all the honor. All the honor. Oh, hallelujah. All the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. When you just think of the Lord and how far he's brought you, you were not you're not there yet, but you know what you used to be. You might have to have your struggles now, but you're in a better place with him walking by you. Amen. Makes me want to shout. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, you [Music] car. Oh, when I think upon your [Music] goodness and your faithfulness each day. I am convinced now because I am worthy to receive the kind of love that you need. Lord, I'm grateful for your mercy. And I'm grateful for your grace. And because of how you poured out yourself, I have come to sing the song of [Music] praise. Amen. All you [Music] care is I love this verse. Oh my to sing your praises. Who am I to worship you? It's your blood that makes the difference in me. Makes the way to enter into your throne. I cannot come near your presence. Oh Lord, I will never see your son by the sacrifice of Calvar's tree. He's the reason I can cry out today. He may [Music] all I thank you Lord. [Music] Oh, I thank you. I thank you. Great mind, creator of the world. I thank you. I thank you, my king. Oh my God. I thank you, Lord. Oh yes. I thank you. I thank you. I thank you and might read of the world. I thank you. I thank you my [Music] king. My [Music] king. Amen. I thank you Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many of us thank God this morning? We can't thank him enough. Can't sing forever and keep singing all day long, all night. It's not enough for the things he has done, for what he's doing, and what he's still going to do. And the things he's doing that we can't even see. Amen. Praise the Lord. I just love the Lord. I just want to worship him. Amen. Can if you can stand with me this this morning as we take our offering, you can stand on your feet. I'll sing. Let your word point in the image of my heart. I think it's C#. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let to leave me. Let it start. Leave inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of mine. I So get the announcements ready. which was a tiny impost table allen and warm hardly a place before came to be born needed choose some place special to reveal his majesty so I know if I gain control. He'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my [Music] heart. Let leave in me. Let is live inside of me, Lord. We inside this house of clay molded every day. Oh, let your word be born in the manger of my [Music] heart. Well, how poorly? We're nothing. Hey something, not much to behold unlikely the place for his word to unfold. What if I jump? I just hear the vessel. Oh, and let him have his way. and from glory to glory. You came into my [Music] name. Oh, let your word even in a manger of my heart. Oh, let leave me be. Let's talk. Oh, live inside this house of late and mold it every day. Let your Lord be born in the manger. One more time of my heart. Oh, let [Music] your let it live in me. [Music] live inside and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Oh, God has given us the victory. God has given us the victory. You know God has given us the victory by his word of his might. You know God has given us the victory. Yes, he has. Victory. Victory. I know God has given us the victory. Oh, victory. victory. He's already given us victory. Sing it one more time. You know, God has given us the victory. He's already given it. God has given us the victory by the word and by the life by the power of his God has given. Oh yeah. Victory. Victory. You know God has given us the victory. Victory. He's given us the victory. You know God has given us the victory. Let's give him praise this morning. Already given us, made us victorious. Yes, he has. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. God bless you. He's already made us victorious in Jesus Christ. And that's the truth this morning. [Music] This is a song the three of us sang on our first time we record 10 songs at Gaither Studios and a long time ago. But I wanted to catch some of these and start singing them again and have mom sing with us. She always thinks her voice is not there, but she does fine. She does fine. But this is a very can be a very convicting song, but it's called My House is full, but my field is empty. And I pray that it'll encourage us to be mission-minded and think about the lost souls. [Music] There is peace and contentment in the Father's house today. Lots of food on the table and no one is turned away. Prayer is singing and laughter as the hours pass by. But a hush starts the singing as the father sadly cries. Oh, my house is full, but my field is empty. Who will go and work for me today? It seems my children all want to stay around my table. But no one wants to work in my feet. No one wants to work in my feet. Push away from the table. Look out through the window pane. Just beyond this house of plenty, there lies a field of golden grain. And it's ripe unto harvest. But the reapers, where are they in the house? Oh, can the children hear the father sadly say, "Oh, my house is full, but my field is empty." [Music] who will go and work for me [Applause] [Music] today. It seems my children all want to stay around my table. [Music] And no one wants to work in my fear. No one wants to work in my fear. Sing it one more time. My house is full. My house is full. But my field is empty. Who will go and work for me today? It's here all day around my table. But no one wants to work in my [Music] fears. No one wants to work in my fear. No one wants to work in my fear. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Come on, brother Daniel. We welcome you this morning to bring the word of God and we are he's become a real friend and part of this congregation. We appreciate you this morning, brother Daniel. Let's give him a hand as they come. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you Paul. God bless you for your love for me and also having me back to be with you and the entire church. I bring greetings once again from Ghana. And um I know that some of you know me very well and others don't. Uh let me take this opportunity to appreciate my good brother Paul. He has really showed that kind of love that Jesus Christ asks us to have for one another and I really appreciate that. He's always opening his door for me to be with you and I think it is something that the Lord ordained before the foundation of the world. Amen. I'm always happy to be with you brothers and sisters. Are you happy to see [Applause] me? Yeah. Indeed, brother Paul have really really helped us uh as he indicated in our church building back home and wherever we have reached I did not been his help we wouldn't get to that point. So Ra say God bless you and thank you very much and uh we're still praying that you'll continue till we enter into the rapture. Yes. Amen. Amen. So I appreciate you mom. I appreciate you mom. God bless you my dear mama. Sister Sheron. God bless you my dear sister. My sweet sister Sheree. I can see you back there. Amen. And brother Isaac. Oh, God bless you. God bless you, brother. And then also, I mean, uh, some of them will say, why am I mentioning? Yes, I'm very close to them and they are close to me. If you want me to mention your name, get close to me. Thank you braas. So I didn't only mention the laines, huh? I mentioned Raas too. Uhhuh. My good friend, brother Josiah Ket. God bless you. Brother Michael, God bless you with sister Jennifer. Amen. Brother Gideon, I salute with your beautiful wife. Brother Solomon, God bless you. My dear sister Becka, God bless you, my dear sister. A greetings from sister Rita to you. Special. Amen. Who again? I want to keep mentioning the names for you to know that I am really close to you. Brother Jim, I salute you, sir. Amen. Um, Sister Vanessa, is she here, dear? God bless you. God bless you. And any other brother? Brother Daniel, that's my name down back there. I remember you very carefully. And I can see Sister Rachel. God bless you. What are the wonderful ladies? Are they with you? Oh, Esther, Cornelia, Vivian, Rose, Abra, you are here. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless all of you, brothers and sisters. Have I mentioned your name already, brother Rob? God bless you, my brother. You did wonderful last Saturday when I was with you at the ministerial meeting. I was discussing with Ra. You said something and I'm building a note on that. God bless you, brother. Keep on. Okay, keep on. I wish I could mention everybody's name. If I'm forgetting you, forgive me. Okay? But if I'm not mention your name, it means when I come here, you don't come close to me. So So from now when I come here, just get closer. Okay? I will not scare you. Get closer. I'm free. Amen. God bless all of you. Well, thank you once again Ra Paul for giving the opportunity and uh without wasting much time, let's please uh be on our feet, let's b our heads for a word of prayer. Oh dear gracious heavenly father, king of kings and lord of lords, the great I am, the immortal and invisible. Father, we thank you this morning, for giving us this day. Thank you for our lives and thank you for the strength. Lord Jesus, I appreciate you for bringing me once again to be with such a wonderful people that Lord, you purchase before the foundation of the world with your precious blood. Oh Lord, even I'm not worthy to stand before them, but you have given me the grace and mercies and love. I therefore thank you for this gathering. I pray Lord Jesus committed myself into your mighty hands. Lord Jesus let your word pass through me this morning and let it be like fire oh God upon the heart and the soul of your children that father whatever will come out will lift the faith of someone to a higher ground. I thank you Lord and I bless you those who are not here because of ill we pray Lord reach them in their homes wherever they are with your healing in Jesus Christ's name we pray and let the church say amen. Amen. God bless all you. Let's turn our scriptures to um 2 Kings. 2 Kings uh chapter 5 and reading from verse uh verse one. verse 1 to8 Kings the 5th chapter from verse 1 to8 now Nema captain of the host of the king of Syria was a great man with his master and honorable because by him the Lord had given deliverance unto Syria he was also a mighty man in Valor, but he was a leper. And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid. And she waited on Neon's wife. And she said unto her mistress, "Will God, my lord, were with the prophets that is in Samaria, for he will recover him of his leprosy?" And one went in and told his lord, saying, "Thus, and thus said the maid, that is of the land of Israel. And the king of Syria said, go to go and I will send a letter unto the king of Israel." And he departed and took with him 10 talents of silver and 6,000 pieces of gold and 10 changes of raignment. And he brought the letter to the king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent Neon my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy. And it came to pass when the king of Israel had read the letter that he rent his clothes and said, "Am I God to kill and to make alive that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy? Wherefore consider, I pray you, and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me." And it was so. When Elisha the man of God have heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, "Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? Let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel." Let's open Revelation chapter 10. We read in verse 7, one of our most popular scriptures. Revelation 10 and verse 7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he had declared to his servants, the prophets. The Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. Let's take our seat, beloved. And so by the grace of God, the few minutes ahead of us, we want to talk on a subject when the supernatural is introduced. When the supernatural is introduced, when the supernatural is introduced, it goes beyond the laws of nature. That's right. Because it is supernatural. It is not natural. It goes beyond the laws of nature. It go beyond the capability of man. It goes beyond even science and any other thing that man has produced. Amen. But please don't don't be confused. Supernatural is not magic. Okay. Amen. People use some medium and they call it magic and they do so many things to confound people or their audience right but those things are done by you know occultism right and some demonic powers to put certain things together so that they can have favor of the people and that not what I'm talking about 's magic. I'm talking about the supernatural of God. Amen. Yes, sir. So, when the supernatural is introduced, then the power of God is bound to manifest. Now, this young girl, how the Bible put it, was taken, let's say, a slave or a captive when the Assyrians went to war with Israel. And this girl was taken to Syria and of course she became Nan's uh uh uh maid and she was serving Neman's wife. But the girl looked at the condition of her master Nean and she realized that no even though the master was a general of the Syrian army, a captain, but the lady realized that he was a leper. And you know leprosy is something that was not accepted at all in Israel. If you were a leper, you cannot be in a congregation. That's right. That's right. If you were a leper, you cannot be in a camp. If you remember carefully when um Miriam tried to mock Moses and the Lord struck her with leprosy, she was taken out from the camp for seven days till she was made clean. And in Israel when the leper is cleansed, the priest has to go and assess the person to to satisfy that the leprosy is completely clean and there will be an ordinance upon that person before he or she will be accepted back into the congregation. So it was something that was highly hated. So when this little girl saw the condition of the master, then she suggested quickly to the mistress, he said, "Whoa, if my master were to be in Samaria, there is a man of God there that can cure him of his leprosy." Praise be the name of our God. Now that was what the girl knew or that was what the maid knew that God could do in the life of her master nonh so immediately she talked about the power of God and when the letter I'm sorry when the king of Syria have heard about this then he also wrote a letter as a king and sent it to the other king in Israel and it was so much that when the king of Israel read the letter the Bible say that he cried, he rented his clothes and he was questioning himself that look at the way and manner the Syrian king is looking for peril. He want to just say come and fight with me. Am I God to heal? Am I God to create? Why will this man send such a mission to me? But brother and sister, you remember carefully that the girl did not introduce the king of Israel. Not even the soldiers of Israel, but he introduced the man of God. That was the introduction. And so the king of Israel started crying. Then the prophet Elisha got a hint of it. Then he went, he sent a messenger also to the king of Israel. And he said, "And it came to pass when the when the king of Israel had read the letter that he rent his clothes and said, am I God to kill and to make alive that this man do sent unto me to recover a man of his leprosy? Wherefore consider, I pray you and see how he seeketh a peril against me. But the king of Israel was not ready to fight. Hallelujah. And it was so when Elisha, the man of God, have heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, "Wherefore thou rent thy clothes? Let him come to me and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel. Hallelujah. That was the power of God upon the prophet Elijah. And that was what the girl in far away Syria introduced. He she knew that there is a supernatural performance in the ministry in the life of Elijah the prophet. That's right. So that was what she introduced. Hallelujah. So when Israel I'm sorry when Elijah also heard about the situation that the king of Israel was wailing and crying, he said, "No, bring the man to me and you know that there is a God in Israel." Oh brother, sister, I wish you know what God have made you to be. Hallelujah. I wish you know what God have made you to be. The prophet said that if God is to open our eyes to see the things that is surrounding us, oh my that is why we are not a people to to to live in fear. We are not a people to live in confusion. We are not a people to live as if we are ordinary. There are lot of supernatural element around us wherever we find ourselves. Hallelujah. Yes. And then the king of Israel directed Neymar and his entourage to go and see the prophet Elisha. Now when they got to the gate, the the prophet didn't even come out, but he sent his servant to go and tell Nema, "Go and dip yourself seven times in the Jordan River and your leprosy will leave." But when Neymar heard about this, the Bible said that he became offended. He became annoyed. He said, "I thought that the man that they are calling the man of God is going to come and meet me and place his hand on affected place." Oh brother, hallelujah. And charge that demon to leave me. But you have not even come to see my face. And he's commanding me to go and dip myself seven times in the Jordan River. Oh no, no, no, no. I can't do that. I can't do that. I mean there are beautiful waters and rivers in in Syria. River Papa is there. River Abana is there. Sweet waters very clean. Why don't I dip myself seven times in those rivers and be made whole? Elisha don't care about how clean the rivers of Syria was. Elisha care about where the power of God is. Hallelujah. And every believer, every child of God, you should not care about where you are, but you should care about the power of God that is in you. Yes, sir. Praise be the name of our God. Amen. And the leprosy neon became offended. What? Look at this man traveling to meet the man of God. And you have your own desires. When you come to God, put your desires away. Put your will away. Put yourself away and accept what God can give to you. Because he knows what is good for you. Hallelujah. He knows what exactly that is better for you. Sometime you can use your eyes to behold certain things. You wish, you wish, you wish, but that is not for you. God knows what is better for you. Praise be the name of our God. And the Bible say that he never became became so annoyed and wanted to go back to Syria with his leprosy. Oh man. Then uh the the the what do we call it the servants they said well they said well okay I should use this one. Okay. All right. So can I lose this? Okay. Amen. He said, they said Hallelujah. Are we alive? If you're alive, let me hear you say, "Amen." Whenever I come here, I want to feel like an African. You know what I'm saying? In Africa, the the fire is so hot, right? So if I come from the hot atmosphere, don't put me in the cold atmosphere. I don't like the snow. I want to only watch the show in the newspaper and then on the screens. I don't want the snow. I don't want to step on in the show. Hallelujah. Brother what happened was that neighbor became offended. You see there are certain times we are easily offended by little things and sometimes it push us back from the blessing that God have prepared for us. Let us be very careful as sons and daughters of God. Nema became offended. And then the servant said, "Boss, when we came, you brought enough money, you brought gold, you brought silver, you brought changeable apparels, but the man have not asked you of any." Okay? He didn't say that. give me $10,000 and I'll pray for you. No, he didn't say give me a bail of new uh suit. He didn't ask you any of that. He only said go and dip yourself seven times in the Jordan River. Boss, why don't you why don't you do that and let us see the results. Then of course at that point Neymar became so humble and that is good brother that is good sister that is good. Many of times we should be very careful that certain situation certain positions should not make us raise ourselves more than we should. Hallelujah. Because the key to open the door of God chamber is humility. That is the only key. And when Nema became so humble, he listening to the servants, he turned back to the Jordan River. Well, it was very dirty, but that was where the power of God is. Amen. He jumped into the into the river ch that is the Ephesian churches. He came back. He jumped the second one. Ch that is second church age the spa. He came back and he did that to the seventh church age which is Leicia. And the Bible say that the leprosy of Nema vanished and his body became like that of a newborn baby. Oh brother, sister, when the supernatural is introduced, the only thing you have to do is to accept it. And when you accept it, there shall be a performance in your life. I don't care wherever you be. I don't care the condition. The power of God must be born to manifest himself. Hallelujah. Neymar look at his wow. Is that Nema? Yes, that is Neymar. Brother, when we're in the world, there were so many lepros on us. M there were so many leprosy that we didn't know that there was leprosy upon us and when we came to the message in the initial stages we look to the way and manner we live we live we look to the way that we you know comport ourself in the churches in the Pentecostal realm and in the orthodox realm and we say that what kind of a message is this h well many people left the church because they realize that no, this message is like the Jordan River. They couldn't jump into it. Hallelujah. But thank God, some of us, we said, "Well, whether it's a clean river or not, we will try." Amen. And we jump into it. We jump into the message of the hour, and all our leprosy was clean. Hallelujah. Praise the name of our God. The little girl in far away Syria knew what God could do by the prophet. And so he in introduced the master Neymar to see that man of God. And that was a performance. Nema was thinking that he will see Elisha, but he didn't see Elisha. The little girl was in far away Syria and Elisha was in far away Israel, but it connected. When the girl introduced him as a man of God, the spirit of God in Elijah connected with that introduction. Amen. That is why when Nema came to the gate, he got to know the prophet said when the deep callth onto the deep, there must be a deep to respond to that. Hallelujah. It is your acceptance of the introduction that will make there be a performance in your life. Can I hear amen here? Amen is what I drink. Okay. I drink. Amen. I eat. Amen. I sleep. Amen. Everything I do, Amen. So if I'm preaching and you don't say amen, you make me feel asleep. Can I hear amen again? Amen. Hallelujah. Now once upon a time there was a young damel called Mary and uh she had a visitation. The Bible said that God sent angel Gabriel to Mary on one occasion to give her a message. And let me go quickly to Luke chapter 1. You can go there with me if you if you want. And then the angel told Mary, "Hail Mary, you are highly favored among women. For this that and this that and this that has God said about you. You are going to conceive and you bring forth a son and you call his name Jesus because he's going to save his people from sin. And you know it took Mary a back because at that time Mary was a virgin without a man. So she became so confused. She wanted to find out. She wanted to know why. And so she started asking the angels certain questions. He said verse 26, it was and it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should Oh, no, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm reading the wrong place. Okay. Luke chapter 1 verse uh 26. And in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee named Nazareth to a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph of the house of David. And a virgin's name was Mary. And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that are highly favored, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women. And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind, what manner of salutation this shall be. The woman was the the lady Mary was wondering. And the angel said unto her, "Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found favor with God, and behold, thou shall conceive in thy womb." Okay, in thy womb. And the doctors have made us to understand that pregnancy take place in the Philippian tube before it is later transferred into the womb. And the Philippian that is where the male and female meet. But this was in the womb. No man, no woman. It was a supernatural pregnancy. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. And uh and when she saw him, oh, where am I? Okay. And thou, he said, "And he shall be great." He said, "And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and be and bring forth a son, and shall call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the son of the highest. And the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David. And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Now listen to here. He said, "Then said Mary unto the angel, how shall this be, seeing I know not a man?" It was a genuine question. You said, "I'm going to get pregnant, but I don't have a man." Amen. And the angel answered and said unto her, "The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee. Therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God. Oh my. The angel introduced the supernatural of God upon the life of Mary because Mary wanted to find out how will this be? I am a virgin. I don't know any man. How can I be pregnant? And this was the introduction of the angel upon Mary. Ah, amen. And he said, "Behold, thy cousin Elizabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age, and this is the sixth month with her who was called barren. For with God nothing shall be impossible." For with God nothing shall be impossible. Elizabeth was also called a baron. But there was a supernatural that overshadow her and she got pregnant by the husband's career and Mary didn't know anything about it. So it was out of this communication between her and the angel. Then the angel revealed to Mary that your cousin Elizabeth is also pregnant. Hallelujah. So immediately Mary said, "Behold, the handmade of the Lord, be it unto me according to thy word." And the angel departed from her. That is how you will accept the power of God in your life. No doubt. Mary did not doubt it, but she said, "Let it be unto me according to the introduction that you have given to me that an angel as an angel, you are coming from God with this mission. Let it be manifested in my life." So immediately then the angel departed. And when the angel departed, brother, the Bible said that then Mary went straight to Judea because the angel said, "Your cousin Elizabeth whom everybody knew to be to be uh a barren or barren is also pregnant." So Mary wanted to go and find out for herself. And when she got to the town, went to the house of Elizabeth, she saw Elizabeth and he said, "Hey, Elizabeth, shalom." Before Elizabeth will respond, "Shalom," he said, "heey Mary, the moment my ear," grabs the salutation from you, the child in me leap for joy. Oh, so it is true that you are pregnant. What a wonders of God. Hallelujah. Mary immediately as she communicated with the angel also got pregnant. Hallelujah. And then going to see Elizabeth was the seed the body of Jesus in Mary. Hallelujah. Supernaturally. And Elizabeth feeling the child kicking in her womb. Praise Mary for that. Hallelujah. He said, "Blessed art thou among women." John the Baptist was in the womb of Elizabeth sixth month. And Jesus was in the womb of Mary. I don't know how many hours. I don't know how many seconds. I don't know how many minutes. But was filled with the Holy Spirit right in the womb of her mother. Jesus baptizing John the Baptist right in the womb of her mother. That is the supernatural work of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It was an introduction. Yes. The power of God. Yes. The supremacy of God. Yes. Hallelujah. That God will always make himself to be known among his people. No wonder as Jesus introduced John the Baptist, John the Baptist introduced Jesus. Remember when she he baptized him, the Bible said the heavens open and he said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased." But then God have already given the sign of Jesus to John the Baptist. He said the one that you baptize and the Holy Ghost will descend upon him like a dove. He is the one. And so John the Baptist introduced Jesus Christ. And we all know the power of Jesus Christ. What he came to do on this earth and all that to save you and I. My brother, my sister, it was all out of the power of God. The supernatural work of God. Brother, you and I, our salvation is made up of supernatural. Our salvation is not ordinary. That is why we need not to take it for granted. You are a special person before God. God designed you the way he want it. That is why you cannot change your condition. What he seems fit and dim that is what he gave to you. And we have to be appreciative. Hallelujah. The power of God is all over guiding the sons and daughters of God in this world that will not fall prey to the enemy. When the prophet William Maron Brown was on the scene, we saw so many wonderful things that God used him to do. Supernatural manifesting here and there. Bringing the dead back to life. Things that are, you know, impossible before man. They were all made possible because because the power of God has been introduced in the ministry of that man. Oh, today people don't want to mention his name. People don't want to hear about him. My Lord, let me tell you something. If I don't feel shy to mention Abraham's name, if I don't feel shy to mention uh John the Baptist name, if I don't feel shy to mention Paul's name, if I don't feel shy to mention Peter's name, why should I feel shy to mention William Mary Abraham's name? Hallelujah. Whether you believe it or not, he is the prophet of the age. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He said, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when it shall begin to sound, the mystery of God must be finished." Hallelujah. And when the sound of that seventh angel was sounded, brother, sister, it has produced you and have produced me. That's right. That's right. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I want to dip myself once again into the Jordan River. I want to be make clean and clean and clean always. The supernatural is always around us, brother, sister. And listen, let me tell this before I continue. Wherever you are as a child of God, you have to create the supernatural around you. I want to hear a big amen here. Did you hear that? I said wherever you are, you have to create the supernatural around you. In fact, be conscious that the supernatural is around you. It doesn't matter whether you are in Michigan or whether you are in Ohio or whether you are in South Africa or whether you are in India, wherever you are, because this little girl was even a slave. Yes. in a different country. But that did not suppress her his her faith. That did not take her faith away from her. She said if this man were to be in Israel, the Lord will cure him from his leprosy. That was the power of God. Brother, sister, you have to create the atmosphere of the supernatural around you wherever you are. Amen. I don't care the condition. I don't care who who who are you know frustrating you. I don't care who are disagreeing with you. Create it anyhow. Amen. Create it anyhow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. when Moses killed an Egyptian soldier and was run away from uh Egypt to perhaps maybe to find refuge somewhere. He was going to a refugee camp. He didn't know that the supernatural God was waiting for him on the mountain. He didn't have any idea until one day on the mountain he heard his name mentioned Moses. Moses he turned around because he saw a bush burning without any smoke and the leaves were not being consumed. What an attraction, isn't it? The supernatural. It was. So the Bible said that Moses turned around to look at it carefully. What kind of a sin is this? Then his name was mentioned from that fire. He said, I am the God of your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Then immediately Moses bowed down. He said, "Remove thy sanders." Well, where you are standing is a supernatural ground. You've run away from Egypt, but you are going back to Egypt. If you run away from responsibility, God will send you back to the responsibility. True. Amen. Moses tried it. God sent him back. That's right. Jonah tried it. God sent him back. Paul tried it. God sent him back. That's right. In fact, if you were a child of God, any mission that God put on your hand, you cannot run away from it. That's right, sir. Some of us, we didn't know that one day we'll stand behind the puppet and preach to the people of God. Run away 10,000 times, God will bring you 10,000 times. Amen. He said Moses you are going back to Egypt. Say for what? I just run away from that place. He said no problem. You have to go back. You are going to bring my people. He said no God I can't do that. He said no you can do it. He said what is in your hand? He said it's a rod. He said cut on the ground and it turned into a serpent. He said take it back. Now look at the supernatural of God. He said, "Take it by the tail." Can you touch a snake by the tail? You'll be dead, my brother. It will turn around and stink you immediately. But God said, "Take it by the tail." That is a supernatural. That God of supernatural, that was that God that Moses was worshiping. And he pick the serpent and he turned back to the rod. He said, "Put your hand in your bosom." He put it back. Bring it out. It was full of leprosy. He said, "No, no, no, no, no. God, no, no, no, no." He said, "Put it back." He put it back. Bring it out. And it was clean. He said, "These are the two supernatural signs I'm giving to you. Go to Is Egypt. If they don't believe the first sign, they will believe the second one." That's right. Oh my. Moses didn't know anything to do to excuse himself out of that. So he has to give up and he went to Egypt. When he went to Egypt with his brother Aaron before Pharaoh say Pharaoh, thus sayeth the Lord, let my people go. Pharaoh said, "Who is that God that I should obey?" Oh, you want to know that God? Then Moses said, "Aaron, cast my rod again on the ground." And he cast the rod. And he turned to serpent again. And all the magicians and the Egyptians were laughing because they knew that Jennis and Gres could do something to them better. So they called Jennis and Jamres, come on, come on, come on, come on, come over here, magicians. They were magicians. But Moses was not a magician. That's the two different things. They cast their rod and their rod also turned into snake and they were laughing at Moses. But what they didn't know was that that of Moses was going to swallow both. Amen. That's right. And Moses ro swallowed that of Jennis and Jambage and he took it back. Until today, their rod is still in the rod of Moses. Hallelujah. They are imprisoned. Hallelujah. So, brother, to cut the things short, you know that story already. Then when Pharaoh was proving stubborn, we saw all those supernatural plagues that came upon Egypt until their firstborn was that, you know, were dead. And then he said, "Okay, get out from my country. Go, go, go, go, go out from my country with your troubles." And Israel packed their bag and baggage and left Egypt. And when they went some days or some I mean hours and whatever it was, Pharaoh came back to him. He said, "What what have we done by allowing our slaves to leave us? Who are going to do our work for us? My soldiers organize the chariots. We are chasing them and we are bringing them back." Huh. But then Israel were also getting close to the Red Sea. And when they got to the Red Sea, they started asking Moses questions. Moses, you've brought us here. And there is no submarine to carry us across. There is no ship to carry us across. There is no pontoon to carry us across. Moses, we don't know how to swim. How are we going to cross? And the Bible say that they started crying and especially when they turn around and they see the dust that rose in the atmosphere as a result of the chariots and the soldiers of Pharaoh chasing them. Right? They cried and cried and cried the more and said, "Moses, are there no graves in Egypt that you have brought us here to die? This is what we told you. Allow us to continue to be slaves for the Egyptians." Brother, sister, don't never have that mind. That mind is a mind of unbelief. Amen. No matter your trials, no matter your temptations, no matter your difficulties that you are facing as a result of believing this message, they are all for a purpose. Sometimes the situation that you found yourself in, you will not enjoy it. Sometime is very painful. Okay? But do not discourage yourself. You have to know that God has it for a purpose. If only you are a child of God. They were crying because they realized that if the Egyptians come they they were finished. And so they cried and cried and Moses also started to cry. And God said, "Moses, why are you crying?" Oh, sometimes good to cry because at least you have to release some tears from your eye. But he was crying because he saw a challenge that was beyond him. But brother, if you see any challenge be beyond you, raise your eyes and see look to the almighty God. Hallelujah. Moses didn't have this as an example. But today we have Moses as our example. The mistake of Moses, we will not do it. Right. That's right. He cried instead of raising his eyes unto the Lord. And God said, Moses, tell the Israelites to go forward. Oh God, we are already at the Red Sea, at the banks of the Red Sea. If we go forward, how are we going to go? We don't know how to swim. And there is no ship for us to carry us across. Should we go forward? God said, go forward. Hallelujah. He said, "Go forward." That was the instruction. Just accept it. Like how Mary accepted it. He said, "Let it be unto me according to your word." Hallelujah. Just accept it, brother. God said, "Go forward." They didn't know what God was going to do, but God knew what he was going to do. Amen. Then you see God allow the Egyptian to get closer because we wanted to show his powers in the life of the Israelites and also in the life of the Egyptians depending upon which camp you are. I rather choose to be at the camp of God. Hallelujah. And I know you choose that one also. Yes. So when they were just close to catch them up, then they saw the pillar of fire hovering out over them, hovering over them and stood between them and the enemy. Ah, perhaps that was the first time an Israeli was watching the pillar of fire in display. Have you seen the pillar of fire in display? I want you to tell me yes. Hallelujah. Because the prophet said wherever the message of this hour will be preached, the pillar of fire will be around. So this morning without any doubt in me, I know the pillar of fire is hanging over you here right now. Hallelujah. Amen. So he stood between the Israelites and Egyptians to block them from attacking Israel. When their chariots want to go this way, the pillar of fire will move to block them. When they go to the other side, the pillar of fire will move to block them. And it was so till Egyptian became so confused. God said, "Moses, it is time to cross over. stretch your rod upon the sea. And Moses did that exactly. Well, I don't care how many hours it took. I don't care how many days it took, but what I know that God parted the river or the sea for Israel to cross over. And look at it. Look at the supernatural way God did it. The Red Sea has been there since creation. And you cannot determine the volume of mud beneath. Okay. Even when it rain go and see I mean over there behind the the building the place will be muddy. Is that not it? So so so so look at it from creation the rescue were there the volume of mud but God made that place to turn into a dry ground. Hallelujah. Beloved, I'm giving you an assurance this morning. The prophet said, "Anywhere you go and you go with the Lord Jesus Christ, there is no danger." Can I hear amen? Any place you go with Jesus Christ with you, there is no danger. Praise the Lord. So the Lord dried the ground beneath the Red Sea dried like this surface. And the Bible said that Israel walk on a dry ground. H majestically they walk on a dry ground. No mud. But what happened to the Egyptians? They realize you see brother Abraham said wherever the Holy Ghost is not their people behave like animals. True. And that was exactly what Egyptians exhibited. You have changed this Israel and God have destroyed you on several occasion by turning your rivers into blood by bringing locust to disturb your crops. I mean and even the death of your firstborns. Why are you still chasing these people? You are not wise. You are not wise. And opposite of wisdom is what? Well, I will not say it. You have to say it. Praise be the name of our God. They wanted to follow Israel to cross the Red Sea on that dry ground. No, no, brother, sister. The dry ground was not made for the Egyptians, but the dry ground was made for the Israelites. Hallelujah. Any trail that the Lord has made for you is not meant for the enemy. Amen. So when the Egyptians try to follow Israel in that trail, the Bible says that they rode their chariots heavily. They rode it heavily. They didn't write it like how Israel rode it in, you know, freely. They rode it heavily. You know why? Because after the Israelites pass on or they cross over, then the dry ground that they walk on, it turned back into mud. That is why the Egyptians rode their chariot heavily. Right. God made a way for Israel and not for Egypt. So if the enemy were trying to pass through that same channel to destroy them, their legs and their chariots will stuck in those mud. Hallelujah. In fact, any enemy, any enemy, I say any enemy that will try to chase you, they are less will talk in the mud. Because God have made a channel for you, his son and his daughter. Is that clear? So Israel my and the Bible even says that when the Egyptians were passing through here to wanted to cross over uh by the pillar of fire, it said then the Lord looked to the Egyptians through the pillar of fire. The Lord look at them. He aimed at them like a banicos on your rifle. You are aiming at a target to shoot. And that was what God did against the Egyptians. He said, "Oh, these people, I will swallow all of them up in the river in the sea. You wait and see." And that was God what was doing. And when Israel crossed over, the last person crossed over to the banks of the Red Sea, the Egyptians were almost in the middle. And then God said, "You say your last prayer and he released the sea and it swallowed all the enemies." That's right brother and my sister. God has made us supernatural beings. That's true. That is why we have the power to create. Amen. You think that is a common thing for you to lay hands upon the sick and pray for them for them to recover is supernatural. Hallelujah. God have given us that power because that is what he has poured upon us. We are anointed by the supernatural. Brother Abraham works so many tireless so many things in his ministry. And we are the continuation of that ministry. So as he was yesterday, so shall he be today and so shall be she be forever. that the Lord Jesus Christ he changeth not. Can I hear amen from you brothers? Can I hear amen from you sisters? I hope nobody is sleeping because you cannot sleep under the anointing of the supernatural. That is where God has put us. And when they cross over because victory has come, the Bible said that the Moses sang a song and all the congregation sank and Miriam took her tumbling going about with the women and her sisters and they were singing and I mean they were shaking themselves to the glory of God because the supernatural has been made manifest in their lives. Amen. He said, "The little girl never said a word about the king. She spoke about the prophet." Amen. Oh, I hope you see it. My She spoke of the prophet. Maybe she never seen a case of leprosy healed, but she knew where someone live under that atmosphere of the supernatural. If you go over there, something will take place. If you go over there, something will take place. I thank God for this message. I say this to the glory of God. It was when we came to believe this message be before we felt within us that we are Christians. It was when we came to believe the message of this hour when we dip ourselves into this message then we knew that not knowing we were sons and daughters of God before the foundation of the world. Oh my. Hallelujah. And Jesus said Jesus vindicated him at the greatest. And he's talking about John the Baptist. He said greater than Elijah, greater than any of the rest of them. John was because he introduced the Messiah. The rest of them prophesied of him coming. But he said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sins of the world." He had the privilege of introducing to the world the [Music] Messiah. And John knew him because there was a sign following him, the supernatural. And anywhere in God's word where Jesus appears or the Holy Spirit appears, supernatural is there. Hallelujah. That is why we can't get our church into dead theological ideas. That's right. Because when the supernatural is introduced, it go beyond the human thought. In fact, it go beyond the riches of this world. It go beyond any degree you think you can get. I respect the degrees. I respect the PhDs. I respect uh h uh what do we call it? The www. I respect the BMWs. I respect the I mean every kind of alphabetical degrees I respect it but the supernatural always go beyond that. Can I hear amen? The supernatural goes beyond those elements. And that is where I want to be in the supernatural of God. Amen. Listen to what the prophet said. He said there was another one down there named Daniel. Abraham's seed. What happened to him? He stayed true to God. He knew that he was the seed of Abraham. He knew he was doing right. They threw him into the lion's den. And a supernatural light, a supernatural light, a supernatural angel came down by a man that believed in supernatural and supernatural delivered him. And he stay all night in the lion's den and was supernaturally brought out the next morning because he believed and trusted in the supernatural God. and he possessed the gate of the lion's den. Hallelujah. So if you believe the supernatural of God, you will also be surrounded by the supernatural power. Hallelujah. Amen. I have a brother at home and he is a police officer and he was transferred to a village somewhere and that place they are not one you know tribe rise against tribe and sometimes they are almost every time problems problem down there. And this brother was such that he went to that post with his Jesus in him. You can you cannot give him bribe. No, he will not take it because sometimes the folks want to bribe you so that they will be at liberty to do anything they want to do. Not this brother. Amen. He rejected and refused it as many times at it came to him. Not knowing he has created enemies to himself. So one day there was a confusion between these two groups and fortunately and unfortunately he was the one that his commander you know ask him to go and settle that matter. So when he got to the place and the people saw him, they said, "Oh, is that you? Good. Today we are going to kill you for what?" Then the brother realized that they meant what they said. They were approaching him with their canvases and their, you know, sticks and all that. They were in their hands. And he said, "Pastor, then I prayed silently and asked God, Lord, is this your will? Is this the way you want me to leave the earth? Then glory be to thy name." And he said, "Amen." Silently. Yes. He said the moment he said amen, then all of a sudden the people stopped approaching him and then they started going one by one. They started going one by one and they left him alone there. Hallelujah. And so when Yes sir. When he told me, I said, "Whoa, this remind me of Jesus with the Pharisees." When they brought that woman out of court in adultery, when they were trying to tempt Jesus, he said, "According to the law, she must be killed." And Jesus said, "You who among this people without sin cast the first stone." And none of them was able to do that. But the Bible say that they started going one by one. One by one, why by one? Brother, sister, whatever Jesus Christ is, I say there is no danger. So I said, brother, we'll pray for you that the Lord will cause your seniors or whatever your your I mean your headquarters to transfer you from that place. And indeed the Lord heard it and he was transferred. But unfortunately where he was transferred to was another war zone. Oh brother, sister don't be disturbed. The Bible says that when you fall into diverse temptations Hallelujah. That is scripture. He didn't say only one trial bro. He said diverse and diverse means many many with different colors. You can be in a temptation today, God will bring you out. Tomorrow you go into another one, God will bring you out. Tomorrow you go into another one, God will bring you out and you can continue. Yes. The only thing you have to make sure of that you are always with Jesus Christ. And he who saw you from the one the first one will see you from the second one. He will see you from the third one. So victory is won. When he was taken to the other side horrible brother horrible condition. It was the same thing. You see the people always want to be friends with the police so that excuse me to use this word their foolishness will not be exposed that is why everybody want to be a friend of the police but I know America here is not like that is that yeah you can't be a friend to the police but over down there everybody want to be a friend to the police and that is this what this brother hated and that side also the address of the down. When they realize that they could not bribe this guy, then they started sending women. Yes, sir. Women to try to for him. You understand? And the women different shapes. The tall, the short, the big, the slim. I mean I mean you you can imagine different size. I mean this one will go he branch another one he he you he kicked all of them up until one day he was in the office and a young man came to him said I am looking for officer so and so and he called this brother sister Rachel when the brother when he didn't know the man he was a complete stranger say who say I know you don't know me but please I am here to ask you a question which idol do you worship then the brother said what idol I don't worship any idol he said no be honest with me I want to know I want you to make me your friend that is why I want to find out which idol do you worship ship. The brother said, "No, I don't worship Enaldo, but if you want to know what I worship, I worship Jesus Christ." By the spoken word of God. Hallelujah. Then the man looked at thy brother and he said, "Sir, you know why I'm here?" He said, "No." He said, "I am a witch doctor and some of the elders of this town brought you to me that I should kill you." But I've tried and tried and tried and tried all the the the you know instruments that I know I've tried it on you but I am not able. That is why I came to ask you what kind of idol do you worship? Perhaps it is more than what I have. He said I have many of them but I inherited it from my father and I am confessing to you that I have used that idol to kill a lot of people. So I thought that I would do the same thing on you but I've tried and tried and tried and tried Hallelujah. I couldn't do it. Hallelujah. And the brother said, "Yes, because I serve a living God. I serve a living God. I have the supernatural God always around me. He not only around me, but he is in me." Hallelujah. My brother, my sister, we are not ordinary people. Are the world see users? If you are believing this message, continue to believe this message. But this message will make you who you supposed to be. Hallelujah. Praise God. We are closing. Okay, let me see the time. I don't want to take too much of your time. It is said that during the world war I'm not clear whether the first or the second but I think the second there was a soldier among one of the I mean groups who was a Christian and uh you know when you are a Christian you are not a hypocrite when you a Christian you must be a Christian not only in the But in your workplace, in your school compasses, in your in your holiday making, you must remain a Christian. Amen. So this soldier was a Christian even at the battlefield. And he demonstrated to the colleagues that he was a Christian. He did not drink their beer. He did not smoke their cigarettes. and uh he did not go for the women that they went for. He lived a Christian and it didn't go well with the colleagues and even the commander you know so one day not knowing the commander and the colleagues have you know thought of making fun of this young soldier. So he called on Parra and then he handed a car a car key to this young man that the jeep that is parked there take it and park it at the other side. And the soldier said sir I don't know how to drive. Then the commander said, "Well, let your so-called God teach you how to drive whether you like it or not. Take the jeep, pack it at the other side." Then the soldier took the key and saluted the commander. You know, you know how the soldiers do. and he opened the door and he jumped into the car and he sparked the engine. somebody who don't know how to drive. But that particular moment, he was able to take the gear and drove and park exactly as the commander requested. And then he off the engine and he was coming stood in front of the commander and handed over the key to him. But what he saw was that the commander was crying, was sharing tears and he turned around to look. All the colleagues were also sharing tears. What is going on? What is going on? Then the commander removed his heart and put it on his bosom. It's a m the jeep that you just drove and you park over there. There is no engine in the jeep. Can I hear amen? Can I hear amen from you? Hallelujah. He said there is no engine in the jeep. And the commander went to the jeep with mud and they opened the bonnet. Indeed, there was no engine in the jeep. He said, "How did you do that?" He said, "The supernatural God that I serve, he made it possible." Oh, brother, sister, I tell you this morning, no matter your condition, wherever you are and whatever you do, the supernatural God will make every engine that is removed in your life to spark. Hallelujah. At your workplace, in your business, in your school, on the street, wherever the enemy will take off engine from your situation, I say you will spark it anyhow because you have the supernatural. I heard believers praying for women that have no womb but they get pregnant and bring forth. We are serving the supernatural God. Brother, sister, he has not changed. He's the same yesterday, today and forever. Let us jump into the supernatural. And see these things manifesting in our lives. Any place that you are, create the atmosphere. I say create the atmosphere. If you don't create it, brother, it will not work. You have to create it. The young lady created it in far away Syria. Mary created it before the angel. He said, "Let it be according to your word." Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. They created the atmosphere. They said they will not bow down to the graven image because they were not afraid of Nebuchadnezzar threat. He said king we will never bow down to your graven image because we know that our God that we serve will deliver us from your hands. But let us tell you even if he refused to come we will not bow down to the graven image. Even if he refused to come, they created the atmosphere to invite God into the condition. Hallelujah. So Nebuchadnezzar say if you hear the sound of the conet, the brass and whatever they call it at that time and you fail to bow down, you are bent already in the furry finance. So just go ahead hit the furnace seven times. And they heated the furnace seven time. That was the mistake they did because the number seven always bring God. Hallelujah. God is the number seven. So when they created they they heated it seven times. God jump into the fire. And remember he's a consuming fire too. Amen. Shadrach, Mezak, and Abednego, they said, "King, we are not bowing down. You can go ahead and throw us into the ferry furnace." And they refused. They were bound and the soldiers threw them into the fire and the flame of fire that passed on the soldiers killed all of them. But the three Hebrew children, Anand Andrea, Aaria, and Michel, they were in the fire having a revival. They were singing good songs in the fire and they were dancing up and down. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The people were surprised. Then they went and called King Nebuchadnezzar. He's a king. Something has happened today and we believe that is a supernatural thing. We have never seen it before. We've been burning people in the furry furnace. But today the three Hebrew children that we cast into the fire. Go and see. They are singing and dancing. They are going up and down. Their hair is not bent. Hallelujah. Their dress is not banned. King, come and see for yourself. And the Bible say that King Nebuchadnezzar went close to the furry furnace and he bowed down to look in the furry furnace. Yes. Because the almighty God is in there. You have no option but to bow down. That's right. Then he turn around. He said, "Brother Paul, how many people did we throw into the fairy furnace?" They said, "Three, sir." He said, "Yeah, but I see the fourth man." And he's like the son of God. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you. The book doesn't have no option. He say, "Shadrach, Mezak, and Abednego, the servants of the most high God, come out." Hallelujah. Brother, sister, we have come out from the world. We have come out from sin. We have come out from unbelief. And we are praising our God in the supernatural. Can I hear amen from you again? Oh brother, let's move forward. Hallelujah. In this direction. May we never be confused. May we never have any doubt within us. So long as the message of this hour and Jesus Christ power is concerned, let us create it around us wherever we are and there shall be a performance. God bless all of us. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Has your faith been anointed this morning? I believe God gives us the faith, but faith, but it needs to be anointed by the word. And I'm encouraged uh by the word of God this morning from our brother Daniel. And we know the Lord has spoken through them. There are many situations that are dire right now. They're in great need. And we need something beyond human. We need something beyond science. The doctors, we have situations. The doctors are saying this. So, we need something beyond the doctors. Can you say amen? We need your prayers as a congregation. We need your faith. We need to apply the word. And we need something more than human. We need a supernatural God. And I just love uh I won't don't want to repreach this. I wouldn't dare, but I'm just saying how the Lord has been speaking to us about making this connection and the connection to omnipotence meeting each other. That connection has to happen. But it's not some natural connection. It's a supernatural God connecting with us. And sometimes we put these things way out of our reach. But you see, God wants to be supernatural, not only in healing and physical healing, but in every need in our life. We wouldn't think that if something someone is just incredibly bitter or has a lot of walls up in their life and they've been abused, we wouldn't think of but that needs the supernatural God as well. Can you say amen? And and and talking about God opening up a channel like he did the Red Sea. God opened up a channel for them to walk through. It wasn't for the Egyptians. it was for God's elect. So when he opens up a channel for you individually, it may not be for someone else, but he if you're praying, say, "God, I need you to open up a channel to me." I I believe it's a wonderful thing. And uh I just wanted to say his first comments were is that sometimes we're offended by little things. Sometimes we're offended at how God introduces the supernatural. Because this is how he titled it. He said that when the supernatural is introduced, sometimes we don't see how God's going to come in as the supernatural, but it's introduced to us. And when he introduces something, it's different. He's asking us to do something that's out of the box sometimes. So, so non who had leprosy, he had all in his mind, okay, if that's the God and Elisha's with him, then I'm going to go to him or I'm going to send him gifts. And he's got all his ways to do it. And God comes around completely different and tells him to do go dip in the Jordan seven times. You can't tap into this supernatural God if you got it already figured out how he's going to do it. Can I get an amen? We have got to mature and humble oursel to say, "God, whatever you're asking me to do, whatever way and channel you're introducing to me, I'm willing to humble myself to go through that channel." Come on. And we need a supernatural God in all of the things in our lives. No matter what it is, we need him. And when he asks us to dip, dipping in the Jordan, even people receiving this message is really dipping in the Jordan seven times. Because if somebody sees that I want to come closer to God and I want more of God that doesn't know about this message, then they can't come through something that's not God's provided way. I believe the power of Christ in this last day's message will wash your leprosy away. But see, look at it now. You come, you're going to believe he's a prophet. The the little servant girl was she heard it all the thing. And she pointed to to the source of that day, which was God's prophet that would deal with his leprosy. He wanted to be delivered from his sin. You know, sin has a lot of different uh facets to it. We think sin somebody's in the bar drinking or somebody commit adultery. Sin has a lot of levels to it. Bitterness, hatred, things laying in the heart. It's all sin and the attributes of sin. But we have our way that we want to deal with. But you see, when he sent this word, when he sent the provided way for this day, we we're not pointing to a man, William Brandon. We're pointing what God sent through him. And when we do that, that's the servant girl said, "If you can get to him, I believe your leprosy will be taken care of." Then all of a sudden, now he thinks he's going to go, my dad used to say it, brother Daniel. He say he's gotten his mind. He's going to go see the prophet. He's going to knock on the front door of that prophet. He's going to open up his hands and say, "Hit me in the head. Oh, prophet, give me my deliverance from my leprosy." And so he knocks on the door and a servant comes to the door and he says he where's the prophet? Oh he he he can't come right now. He said he sent me as a servant to tell you to go dip seven times in the Jordan River. That's not the way it was supposed to happen. Go dip seven times. And then his mind as he's on his way back goes through there's a lot of other cleaner rivers than this. There's a lot of other ministries out there than to come through this. It looks so dirty. It looks It's a But you see now, we can't tap into the reality of God till we're willing to get into the channel that he asks us to get into. I'm not supposed to be repreaching this. It's getting into the channel of supernatural. It's not what we expect. Sometimes some don't know that they have leprosy. That's right. And you they don't even know. They don't have they have troubles in their heart and troubles that need to be resolved. Well, I've been in the message for 30 years. No, no. Listen, you know, I want to say something as a pastor. Last week, we had a lot of teaching and Wednesday night we had a lot of teaching and I received just a little bit of response back. And sometimes, as brother Steve said last Sunday, sometimes that type of channel he gets into is a little bit uncomfortable and painful. And I noticed some stayed on the board for the whole thing and some had to go. But uh that was a long day and teaching can be kind of strenuous. But you see, it's not that we can connect all the dots to it. It's just you know you know what I want as a pastor whether it's a pastor evangelist anybody coming here myself it's for God to open up a channel to somebody and in one moment a minister a teacher can say something like that and we we write it off say maybe we leave early this I had a brother tell me a couple couple people come and say and it's hard to sit through that because it's painful it's touching things of the heart but you see if you trust the Lord one moment something can open up to you and say, "That's what the devil's been using my whole life." And once he's exposed and you step into that, say, "Now it's over." Because the enemy doesn't have a hold on you. Hey, listen. The Lord's here, supernatural God is here to break every stronghold of the enemy in your life. Can I get a witness? The reason that the Lord is here in this service and in every service and in your life every day, the reason he's there is to step in with his creative power and his supernatural power to change things that you can't change. So don't underestimate what the Lord's saying through teaching because just one moment and it opens up saying something. Say that's what I need to yield to the Lord. That's when I need to dip into the Jordan seven times. This muddy water. My dad used to say he dipped down one time and he's a king, you know, so he's just, "Oh, Lord, this mud all over. Why in the world do I got to have the Jordan? Couldn't it be some other?" Two times no change. Three times. Six times, no change. I'm finished this. No, no, no. Just just just if the one servant said, "If the king would have asked you to do something great, would you have done it?" Well, of course I would have but how much the more you just do this and see what happens. Is anybody listening this morning? I do dips the seventh time and and as you said the seven times when God shows up, he comes out of that and the leprosy was completely gone. completely gone. Don't underestimate this supernatural God among us. We've had 2,000 years of mechanical, intellectual stimulation of things. This bride is, we're not trying to make something happen. Can you say, we've had a lot of that, too. Work it up by the music or work it up by a prayer line. We're not trying to work anything up. But this bride has a hunger for more of God and to see God step in and show himself mighty for every need of our lives. Praise be to God. I rejoice in the word this morning. Amen. Let's stand together. Praise the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Oh angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we [Music] serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before you. Heaven and earth adore you. What a mighty God. One more time. Sing it with all your heart. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we [Music] serve. Angels bow before heaven and earth for joy. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. How many appreciate our brother Daniel coming all the way from Ghana. May God bless his church. May God be with him. Praise the Lord. We're going to have a closing prayer, but if you have a need this morning, you want to have our brother pray with you and take it to the throne, you feel free to come. Want to welcome all of our visitors here today. I didn't mention you, but God bless you all. Nice to have you with us. Brother Howard and his wife. Good to have you guys with us visiting. We appreciate all of you in the name of the Lord. Father, thank you for this word today and may it your word will not return void. Lord, it's going to be bring the results in our lives. Lord, your prophet called us little creators and all we have to do is create the right atmosphere. Maybe today we catch that, Lord, that if we got a home that's full of tension and arguments and bitterness and maybe today we could go home and change the atmosphere in our home, in our minds and hearts. Put on some good Holy Ghost music. Be nice to one another. Be polite to one another. Forgive one another. And Lord, in that atmosphere we could create, then you can come and do even above and beyond what we whatever we could ask or think. Help us, Lord, to recognize this key of being creators of an atmosphere. May we change it, Lord, because we're looking for you to change our situations. We put our trust in you. We pray there will be many trickle down effects, Lord, from this meeting today. We look to you, the author, the finisher of our faith. Commit it to you now in Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. Everybody said, "Amen." God bless you as you're dismissed in the name of the Lord this morning. Wednesday night service, we're going to continue the series on He Cares, Do you care? So, we trust that you're reading that service of Brother Brandham and we're studying that together on Wednesday nights. God bless you. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God. What a mighty [Music] God. Yeah. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. He's a mighty God. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow. Heaven and earth adore him. God. [Music] Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Yes, he is. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Earth. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the Jesus is the God we He's a mighty God. He's a mighty God. Jesus is the God. [Music] Oh, now before him your hands. Let me hear you sing it. Oh Jesus is the God we [Music] serve. Jesus is the God we [Music] serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and adore. Jesus is the God. Oh, what a mighty God. What a mighty God. He's a mighty God. What a mighty God. [Music] We just bow before him. Heaven and adore him. What a mighty God. One more time. What a mighty God. What a mighty God. Praise. Our mighty God we serve. We just bow before him. Heaven and adore him. What a mighty God we [Music] serve. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Amen. We serve a mighty God. He does mighty things too. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go in the power of this strength and just hold on to our faith and let doubt disappear and just hold on to that faith. If don't have it, just keep claiming until you have that faith. Cuz the prophet said if you can't have faith for little things, how we have faith for even the rapture rapturing faith going in the rapture. So we got to learn how to use faith right now. Amen. Thank you brother Daniel. I appreciate you. Amen. We've got the power. God bless you dismissed in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We've got the power in the name of Say the chorus again. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, Satan ra. We cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our enemies will crumble at our feet. Whatever will bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Have the name of Jesus. Satan has to flee. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power. In the name of the Lord, those Satan raes. We cannot be defeated. We've got the [Music] power in the name of the [Music] Lord. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. of the bride of Jesus. Lord, we still like a mighty army. We keep marching onward, winning every battle. Cuz the Lord on our side. Oh, we got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raises, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh yes, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raises, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh yes, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Those sat raes, we cannot be defeated. got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows for [Music] life. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over every fear and all anxiety. To every soul captive by depression, I speak [Music] Jesus. Whoa. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name [Music] must break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows like a fire. That's all we do. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. [Music] Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus today the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Shout Jesus. Oh shout his name. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the trees. Jesus in the darkest over every circumstance. Jesus for my family. I speak your holy name. Jesus shout Jesus name. Oh shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness will forever trial I go through. Jesus from my family I speak the holy name. [Music] Jesus your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] You break every struggle. The light shine through the shadows like a name is. Your name is heal. Your name is life. [Music] It breaks every struggle. Shine through the shore like a fire. I shout his name always. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy I face all day. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus at the name of Jesus. Oh yes. Now Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my f I call my family. I speak the holy name [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is loud. [Music] Break every struggle. Shine through the sun. But like a [Music] fruit. Your name is high. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. Break every stronghold. Shine. Shine through the shadows. Light. [Music]
