################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 2025.06.22AM - Bro. Homer Longoria - What Kind Of People Should We Be - Homer Longoria.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    2025.06.22AM - Bro. Homer Longoria - What Kind Of People Should We Be?
Speaker:  Homer Longoria
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt6M8FtuIto
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
4:12 Opening Prayer
5:05 Preservice Worship
26:14 Special - I Choose To Worship
31:38 Preservice
36:57 Preservice Worship
39:02 Preservice
41:20 Sermon
1:42:35 Postservice Worship
1:45:18 Postservice
1:49:29 Postservice Worship
1:51:01 Closing Prayer
1:53:03 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] I could search for all eternity long and find. There is none like you. Stand up and sing it with me. There is none. There is none like you. Hallelujah. Oh, no one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Sing it again. Oh, there is none like you. [Music] No one else. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Amen. Before we pray, let's sing this one. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Welcome right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands and bow my knees in worship as your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Is that your desire this morning? Just lift up your hands and say, "Lord, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now." Cuz he is the great I am. He's right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my head. I lift my hands and bow my knees in worship at your throne. [Music] I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. Brother Michael Russ. I need you Lord. I need you Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord, right now. Yes, Lord. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I lay all down for Jesus. I lift my hands and bow my knees worship your [Music] [Applause] I need you. [Music] Let's pray together this morning. Lord Jesus, every day of our life, we need you, Lord. There's no moment, no time, no hour that we don't need you, Lord. Your help, your guidance, your protection, your strength in our weakness. You are our strength. Lord, when we're confused, you are the direction in our life. Father, we thank you this morning for the opportunity of giving us, Lord, to come together to worship in your presence. Cuz in your presence, there's strength, there's life, there's forgiveness, there's healing, Lord. There's deliverance. And that's why we're here this morning to keep an appointment with you this morning Lord that you touch our life once again Lord we always need you Lord bless every song that will be sung this morning Lord Jesus Christ bless your servant that's speaking the word Father Lord anointed musicians Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that your desire that you you need him right now in this m moment? Amen. Yesterday's blessing isn't the same as today's. Amen. And just a fresh, brand new touch from his throne is what we need this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Why don't we go around and greet each other this morning in the name of the Lord. We got so many new faces and so go around and greet each other. Let's sing this thing. Thank God I am free this morning. Amen. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus and born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Thank God. Oh, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out they could bring me out. Show me the way. For a long time I travel [Music] down the long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. And soon I sang the Lord. But then I heard about Jesus. Hallelujah. What a wonderful life. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to his saving power. Thank God. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I sing save sing by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Like a bird. Like a bird out of prison. Thank you, Lord. Oh, that's taking it back. Like a blind man that God gave back his side. Like a poor wretched beggar. I found fortune and faith. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. Oh yes. Thank God I am free. Free. free from this world of sin. Hallelujah. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm save. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you for your grace, Lord. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out you could bring me out. Show me last time I think I think that I am free. Free free from this world. Yes, Lord. Oh, I've been washed in the blood of Jesus born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm save [Music] by wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Thank you, God, for the way. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I'm not giving up. Oh, no, no. I'm not turning around. By the grace of God, I wear a shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on, holding on to that last star hand. No, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going. Can you tell me I'm not giving up? No, I'm not giving up. No, I'm not turning around. [Music] I'm not giving up, but I'll keep singing the verses this morning. First verse. Oh, I've been walking through the valley through this f of tears. At times I've even questioned even if my Lord was near. many times that old temper. He says, "Why not turn around? You can't get any further. Oh, you're just going to turn up. I'm not giving up. Hallelujah. I'm not turning out. Oh, by the grace of God I will sh and I'll keep holding on. I'll hold on to that. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Oh. Oh. And look your mind and tell me there's been something bothering me. Why is it that old devil just won't let God's children be? you see has a purpose and determined to get right in the way to turn us from the way of life. Lead our souls astray, but I'm not giving up. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm not turning around. Oh, by the grace of my God, I'm going to wear a shining crown someday. And I'll keep holding on, holding on to that nail. Oh, I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. I'm not giving up. I'm not giving up. No, I'll keep going on. Hallelujah. By his grace. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. You may be seated this morning. Praise God. Amen. We've been singing this one here. You know, it's it's good when you're looking at your list and we're not singing any of the songs that happens in the past. So, praise the Lord for that. Praise God. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. We sang it a few times. Where would I be if not for grace? Let's sing that. We do. Where would I be? [Music] You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. Oh yes, Lord, if not for grace. Sing that again. Where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. of a hopeless case, an empty place. Thank you, Lord. Can we take it up on Oh yes. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Hallelujah. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I found a hopeless case. An empty place. Thank the Lord if not for grace. See that amazing grace. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound. I once was lost. Yes, Lord. But now I'm found. A hopeless case. Yes, Lord. An empty place. If not, if not for grace. Oh, precious Lord. Oh precious Lord. Yes Lord. Please take my hand and lead me on. Oh let me stand. A hopeless gra. An empty place. If not for grace. If not for grace. Where would I be this morning? Where would I be? Lord, you only know. I'm glad you see. Oh, through eyes of love. A hope is an empty place. If not, if not last time, where would I be? Oh, where would I be? Oh, you only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case in an empty place. Yes Lord, it's not for grace. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Keep Jesus morning. Amen. Let's sing this one. have the prayer request come up after this one. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Oh, because of who you are, I give you praise. Yes, Lord. All because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who." Think about who he is to you. Sing that again. Because of who you are, Lord. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Yes, Lord. Oh, because of who you are, I give you praise. Can we all stand and sing it? Oh, because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are my proider. Hallelujah to the sea. Oh Lord, you reign in victory over the sh. You are my prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you. Take it up once. Sing that. Jehovah Gyra. Oh Jehovah Gyra. You are my proider. You are Jehovah the sea. You reigning Lord. You reign in victory. Jehovah the shadow. You'll always be my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. [Applause] Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Hallelujah. Tithes and offerings come this time. We'll just have we'll just sing a song as the choir comes as well. We'll invite the choir to get set up here. Set up the piano, a few things. But let's sing this song tonight or this wow this morning. I'm still just uh overwhelmed by last night, brother Dicks. I guess I'm still there. But uh we'll sing this song. Uh why should I worry? Why should I worry? Why should I fear when the very same Jesus stays always near? He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. Why should and why should I worry? Why should I fear when the very same Jesus stays always near? He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I call on his name till the storm passes by. First verse. Out on the water, the storms raging high. The waters around them were troubled that night. Fear filled their hearts and they thought they would die. They failed to remember that the master was alive. And he spoke the word and the winds all stood still. And even the waters they oy his will just like he will mind if I'll just remember that he lives deep inside. So why should I worry? Why should I fear? with the very [Music] my heart and he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name to the store. Let's sing the second verse. Oh yes. Hallelujah. We read in the Bible how he walked within brought light to the darkness when the way grew so dim. How great it would be to have his steps fleeting mine and to walk with the master all of the time. So when trials come and death is so nice, I just search for the master. He said, "We'll be on time." And when I'm in trouble and my body's in pain, hallelujah, all I have to do is just call on his name. So why why should I worry? Oh, why should I fear when the very same Jesus stays always in my heart and he hears when I cry. Oh, I call on his name to the store last time. Oh, why should I? Why should I worry? Oh, why should I fear when the very same Jesus he stays al so he lives in my heart and he hears when I cry I'll call his name till the storm passes [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When my heart is broken, when my life is empty, I can't see your face. I can't hear your voice. When I'm feeling helpless, wandering in the darkness, surrounded by fear and defeat, I have a choice to make. No matter what comes my way, I choose to worship. I choose to praise. I choose to lift up the name above all names. I choose to surrender. I choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. I choose to worship you. [Music] Even in the fire, even in the valley, I can have joy and I can have peace. You are always with me. Never will forsake me. Your presence is all that I need. And I have a choice to make. With all that I am, I proclaim. I choose to worship. I choose to praise. I choose to lift up the name above all names. I choose to surrender. I choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. I choose to worship. Oh, we are on every side. Raising our weapon. We will win this fight. We made our choice. We lift our voice. Let the church rise up this day. We will say we choose to worship. We choose to raise. We choose to lift up the name above all. We choose to surrender. Choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. We choose to worship. [Music] We choose to worship. We choose to praise. We choose to lift up the name above all names. We choose to surrender. We choose to be for all that you've done and for all you will be. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] We choose to worship. We choose to praise. We choose to lift up the name above all things. We choose to surrender. to believe that you [Music] will. We choose to worship. We choose to worship. We choose to praise. We choose to lift up the name above all name. We choose to surrender. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's give our Lord praise one more time. We choose to worship. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you choir for blessing. Yes. Bring us into the presence of the Lord this morning. And we appreciate all the visitors that are here to join with us. I think the world has a phrase, happiness is a choice. Well, it's a truth. But all the things in God are already ours. We just have to choose. And in the midst of our trials, we need to tell the enemy, we choose to worship. We're not going to gripe and complain. Can you say amen? I know none of you ever do that. But we're not going to gripe and complain. We're not going to choose any other thing. We're going to choose to worship. And God loves to hear the voices of his children in their worst times reach up and say, "I'm going to worship anyway. I'm going to choose to worship because he's worthy." Praise be to God. God bless you all today. Feel such a kindred spirit with you. I know that you're going to enjoy the word today. It's just a privilege to be able to be in this fellowship around these last closing seconds of time. And I do believe that we're in the last roundup, the last part. And uh any believer senses that in his soul, we know that we're uh just very very close. And so want to wish those this morning who have a birthday. I know yesterday, Brother Mike, happy birthday to you. And I think they put that up. God bless you each one have birthdays, anniversaries this week. God bless you. And then also just wanted you to remember coming up next month, we have a men's fellowship brunch that we're inviting all the men to and uh we'll get you a good breakfast and some good teaching. Brother Aaron McGaryi is going to be here and that'd be I think the third uh Saturday of July and uh so he's going to do a couple sessions of teaching godly manhood and then he'll be speaking for us Sunday morning and then Sunday night for the tri-state youth meeting. We're looking forward to this is kind of a new group that we formed on a telegram with our our church men here, the men of truth we called it. So we've been having some good fellowship and good sharing prayer requests and different things. the the sisters had one for years here and we kind of felt left out so we formed our own men only girls are not allowed uh men's fellowship on the telegram and we really enjoy that so we want to have a day we get together and have a good breakfast Bob Evans or whatever it is here at the church and we'll we'll enjoy that day of fellowship in the weekend of services so we want to announce that to you as well any other birthdays or anniversaries God bless you brother Mark it's good to have you and your wife in from upper Michigan there. God bless you. It's a privilege to have you here today. God bless you and all the visitors that are in town for the meetings. God bless you. Last night was a wonderful and I thought it ironic and we're going to bring our brother Homer up real soon to minister the word and uh I thought it ironic last night that we we took some our country took some direct hits to the enemy's worst weapons. And I can tell you if you were in the service last night, if you're in the service this morning, that's what happened last night while that was going on naturally. I like when the Lord takes a direct hit to the worst part of the enemy destroying you in your life. How many would raise your hand and say, "Let the Lord take a direct hit to the enemy's camp this morning." And the word can do that. He knows where just to hit to go to the source. Not just surface things, but to go with a direct hit and go right to the weapons that are formed against us. And the Bible says, "No weapon formed against us shall prosper." No weapon shall prosper because God's going to be preemptive. God's going to, if you'll yield your life to him, he's going to have a preemptive strike and he can come against the enemy before he's ready to strike back. So, we're looking forward to that. Today, you we have a friend, brother Homer Loria. He was here six years ago after my father passed away. He helped us with the memorial and also just uh ministered Sunday morning. I don't know if you remember him. Some of you were here, some of you weren't. And uh so he was his ministry that Sunday morning was a great uh ministered to our family in our church a lot after losing dad. And uh it was a wonderful service. He had just lost his wife about three years before that. So he was in still in the grieving a bit with that. but he was a great encouragement to us having that huge loss for our church and our family. So, I appreciate him so much. It's been way overdue for him to come back. And he's a country boy. You're going to notice that right from the start. The He's as country as cornbread. He's country boy from Alabama. But don't underestimate what this man has in wisdom. 53 years preaching this message. I say thank God for that. Faithful preaching this message. [Music] And I know I know the Lord will has a blessing for you today. Don't underestimate all the wisdom that our brother has and just what the Lord would have him. We want him to take his time. We've given most the time to him. We want him to come and minister the word. If you'd stand, let's sing that. No weapon formed against me shall prosper. What the scripture says. Let's sing that. How many believe it this morning? May the Holy Spirit take a direct hit to the enemy. If there's anything there that the enemy is hiding, may he just bring bring us victory through the word this morning. And uh we believe that we're in the right place at the right time. No weapon, formed against me, shall prosper. No, it won't work. No weapon. Oh shall prosper. Oh, it won't work. God will do. He said he will do. He will stand by his word. He will come through. I know God will do what he said he will do. He will stand by his word. He will come through. No weapon. Amen. Formed against me shall prosper. No, we won't work. No weapon formed against me shall prosper. It won't work. I won't be afraid. Sing it. Oh, sing it, Kitty. Won't be afraid. I should learn these songs sometime. Praise the Lord. One more course. No weapon formed against me. [Music] Weapons against you shall prosper. It won't work. [Music] Praise the Lord. [Music] Can you just say, "Praise the Lord." Hallelujah. Amen. Good to be here. Amen. When you 83 years old, good to be anywhere. Praise the Lord. I told Brother Diggs, he's jumping around up here. Hey, I'm not going to sing. That's one thing I am not going to sing. You know, I told Brother Diggs and them, I said, "If I jump around like you and run and something's after me." Amen. Amen. Well, it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Good to be with brother Paul. Amen. And good to see you, Sister Lefon. Amen. Uh just so good that God is so good. Can you say amen? Amen. Well, Brother Diggs done it last night. And so I told Jonathan last night on the way home, I said, "You know, he about preached on what I was going to preach on, so I'm going to preach on it because y'all don't know what he said. It takes about two times to hear it." You know, amen. Amen. So, so good. Amen. Hear the man of God. And I thought when he was talking about, you know, you know, about uh the pool of Bethesda and I said, you know, one thing about it is he couldn't get to the pool, but the pool came to him. Amen. The pool came to him. Amen. And that makes a lot of difference. Amen. When the pool comes to you. That's what I said about the woman at the well. She didn't come to Jesus. Jesus come to her. Amen. Jesus came to her. Amen. And so, uh, Amen. And I'm glad that Jesus come to me. Amen. Cuz, hey, I wasn't looking for him. Amen. But he came to me. Amen. If you Lord have mercy, I left my glasses. Where at? I don't know. Is that Walmart's? Okay. If it's Walmarts, I can handle it. It's Walmart. Why pay $300 for you get it $15 at Walmart. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother. My my Amen. And so, why don't you look with me if you would in Mark chapter 11. Amen. This morning, I want to talk to you. I like to take a thought this morning. What kind of people should we be? What kind of people should we be? Amen. And and so, Amen. I Man, I think about that so much, you know, and I think about, well, we talk about the message, we talk about the Bible, we talk about scripture. Amen. But, Amen. When God reveals it, what kind of people should we be? Thank you, buddy. And give this man back. He can't see now. See, we got it together, everybody. Thank God I got more hair. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So anyhow, let's just look at that while you're standing. I won't keep you standing. Amen. Too long. Amen. And Luke uh excuse me, Mark chapter Mark chapter 11. Let's read a few verses there if we could. Amen. Try not to I always say it like this. Amen. You pull, I preach. You don't pull, I'm going to preach, and we going to go home tired. Hallelujah. Amen. Verse 22. The Bible said, "And Jesus said unto them, have faith in God." Now your margin reader says, "Have the faith of God." Okay? For for verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be thy removed, right? and be thou casted into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that in those things which he said shall shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Right now, he he's putting it all right there. Amen. Is you as a believer. That's right. Amen. Now, I'm going to take a step before and I'm going to choke you right off. Now, I want to say it like this. We going to leave God out of the picture this morning. Go ahead. Go ahead and grasp because brother Brandham said he's done done everything he can do. He's done done everything. So, he steps back. Now, he puts it in your hands. Brother Bandham says it like this. He said if he was here with this suit on, he could do no more than what he's already done because he's already finished the work. So it all lays in our hands now. Is that all right? Amen. Amen. So the scripture says, Amen. So what? Amen. Therefore, I say unto you, whatsoever, excuse me, whatsoever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them and you shall have them. Now, he said, "Whatsoever things you desire," and the emphatic dialogue says it like this, "Whatsoever things you wish, whatsoever things you wish." Amen. And you remember mo most all you young people back in my day we had a seared robot catalog and it we called it a wish book. That's right. We couldn't buy nothing but we just wish. That's right. Right. Amen. And all of a sudden we hit it and we got it because we wish for it. Can you say amen? So he says whatsoever things you wish or whatsoever things Amen. And I said it like this. He said whatsoever things that don't mean all spiritual. You may need a washing machine. Praise the Lord. You may need, hey, a car. So whatsoever things you have need of when you pray, don't ask him, Lord, you know what I need, tell him. Yeah. Just cuz he said whatsoever things you have need of when you pray. Amen. You'll have them. We learned that in a charismatic move. Oh, praise the Lord. I told you told you no, you ought not do this, but you did. Amen. So, he says, "Therefore, I say unto you, what's Amen. When you pray, believe us. Right? So whatever you desire, Amen. When you pray, look for it. Believe it. Or don't pray. Father, bless your word as they seated in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Are you happy? Amen. Amen. Hold that smile till we get through. Amen. I love God. He loves me. Amen. Because he Amen. was the one that done this before the world was. Amen. So I like to I like to take that maybe just for a little while. Amen. And Amen. I'd like to look at that. Whatsoever Amen. What kind of people should we be with everything that we have in this hour? Yes, sir. Amen. that God has already done. Just say amen. Well, Amen. Let's just look at it then. Brother man says it like this. Amen. I Oh, I I I'm Let me tell you this. I believe that God sent a prophet, but I believe Amen. that God sent a word with a prophet. Somebody told me said, "You know, you know, well, we check this message." Amen. Amen. We check the scripture by this message. I said, "No, you can't. You got to check." Amen. You check the Bible by this message. Take the Bible. You said, "I don't believe that. I don't I don't care whether you do or not." Amen. I said, "Because if you just had the Bible," Amen. When I was in the Baptist church, we had the Bible. Right. Then I was in United Pentecost. We had the Bible. I was with the Ostein move. We had the Bible. You ever heard that song? I've been everywhere, boy. Yeah. And then I got saved. You say, "Amen." Amen. But we I said, "Look," I said, "Every one of those men when Brother Bannon was preaching, they had the Bible. They differed with him." Amen. On the Bible, amen, on the scripture of his revelation. But therefore, amen, they in order to be who they were, they took this message, amen, back to the Bible. And that Bible proved this message. And the message proved the Bible. Can you say amen? Amen. That's the reason, Amen. That's the reason we listen to the message all the time because we do not understand. Amen. What it's talking about unless the revelation, amen, that God has done in this hour presented to us through the word. That's the reason John could come out boldly and said, "I'm the voice of one crying in the wilderness." Amen. That's the reason brother Brandham said, "Amen. I am God's voice to the people." So, you cannot bypass William Brandom to get to the scripture because he said, "I'm the voice of God to the people." And brother Brandham says it like this. He said, "I feel like somebody resented that." He said, "So now I'm going to say it under inspiration. I am God's voice. You realize Jesus was just a voice of God. You say amen. Amen. Amen. Jesus was a voice of God. Did you ever realize Amen. Amen. When God Amen. adopted his son, remember the prophet of God says, Amen. when it come up on Mount Transfiguration, Amen. He said, now this is my son. Hear you him whom I please to dwell. Amen. And brother Brandham says it like this. Through the church ages, he was God. But then God steps back and he said, "Now hear you him." That's good. Amen. Amen. And so for the last 50 something years, I've been preaching this. Amen. And so I believe this. Can you say amen? Amen. So the prophet of God says, "What kind of people should we be if the very Holy Spirit has so embodied or empowered us?" Amen. That we don't use our own thoughts. Hello. We don't use our own thoughts. Amen. We're talking about a spiritual application. Yes. Amen. Now your thought, your thought is what bothers the spiritual thought. I don't have to have you to get in trouble. My own mind does that. That's right. Amen. My own mind does that. See, that's the reason Paul said, Amen. In the scripture, he said, "Let this mind that was also in Jesus or in Christ be in you." Right? Amen. So when the Bible was telling me back in Isaiah, he said his thoughts is above our thoughts. His ways is above our ways until Jesus came and sent back the Holy Ghost. Then our thoughts become his thoughts. That's good. Amen. That's right. Our thoughts become his thoughts. Our ways become his ways. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the thing about this Amen. It's like I was reading this morning and I was thinking I said when Elisha kept following Elijah. Amen. And when he he he expounded the the robe back. Amen. He didn't go back up there shouting but he had received the robe. Amen. And when he went back the robe a type of the word. Amen. He spoke. Amen. With the word or with the mana and the Amen. And the waters parted. Amen. Amen. And that's the reason when Jesus said, "I go away, but I send back a mantel. I send back the Holy Ghost." Amen. And whatsoever you say when you believe, Amen. you'll have it. Is that all right? Amen. So he says, "Amen. We're not here occupying a a a time to get you to come to church. You come because the word put you there. Amen. If I Hey, if I could talk to you, Amen. 24/7, you'll come until it wears off of you. But if it's a revelation of God, Amen. then it puts you in church. Amen. I said it like this. I don't like to go to church. A lot of y'all don't either probably, but God likes to go to church. Brother Benham said, "If God's in you, in your heart, he goes to church." So if he goes, he'll take my body. So actually, you're not going to church. He's assembling himself together. Is that all right? See, amen. We think, "Oh, we doing something. We We showed up this morning." You didn't surprise God. You You either come by the spirit of God or you come by the devil. If you're not a real believer, the devil let you come. Well, I you don't have to give me no offering. You don't even have to pay me. I'll call home and they'll get me home. Praise the Lord. You love him. Brother says it like this. He said, "If the very Holy Spirit is so in enshrouded us, Amen. It so got us." Amen. Enshrouded you by his power, you're not doing this. You're the vessel that he sent to the earth. Right. See, when he Amen. When he made it up, Amen. before the world was Amen. I don't I don't have a problem about coming. I don't have a problem about going in the rapture because Amen. we've already raptured. We're just waiting for the catching away. Right. And I said, so the thing about this, I said, when I was in the world, it never did upset God none. He didn't like it, but it never upset him none. because he, you know what he done? He was over here watching that on April the 20th, 1942. He said, "I already got somebody coming." Y'all going to call him Homer, but I call him son. Praise the Lord. See, the thing about this, we never surprise God. That's right. Amen. God's got it figured. Oh, we holler. Amen. God put his name on the book. our book before the foundation of the world. He did that. Amen. And then he allowed you to accept him. And I told the church, I said, "You know what? Amen. What we've had in this hour, Amen. We've had mercy." Amen. Turned into judgment. Mercy. The young ruler come to God. Mercy. Judgment is when he turned it down. No, I don't never believe he'd have been bride, but I believe he could have got saved. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Everybody look up your way and smile. I Hey, I can't see. You know how I'm so blinded I can't see. I don't know how Paul does this. Amen. Watch what he says. Amen. He said, "Look," he said, "you don't use your own mind. You don't use your own opinions." Everybody's got them. Come on now. Everybody's got an opinion. Most of you has already figured it on me. I've never hurt nobody. But you got an opinion. Brother Bandham says you don't use your own opinion. How can you not? The Holy Ghost has to Amen. direct your opinions. That's the reason, Amen. people said, "Well, that was Brother Ram's opinion." Amen. It was good because he was using now God's opinion. Yes. Amen. So he said, "You don't use your own." You said, "Well, I don't see it that way." I don't care. That don't bother me at least because that's what he said. And if you got a problem me, get on him. Because I I'm here because I love God. I love Paul. I love the church. I love God. But I tell you what, church. Amen. Amen. God sent me a letter. But he had to anoint me to receive that letter. He had to call me. Amen. To understand the letter. See, amen. When the Holy Ghost come, as Jesus came and opened their understanding on the road to Damascus, the Holy Ghost came and opened our understanding. Right? It opened our understanding. And that's the reason, Amen. the most children, young people, Amen, can find, Amen, the doctors of divinity. Why? For what they God will let them see. Amen. Can I go on a little further? Amen. I can't take too much time cuz I give out. Watch what he says. Amen. You're you're you're so built by the Holy Spirit until your thoughts is being God's thoughts. You're so built by the Holy Spirit. I I'm I'm I'm just going to preach to a a Holy Ghost church this morning. You say, "Well, I'm not really there." Well, you can be. Yes, sir. Amen. And you say, "Well, I you know, I'd like to see what you see." Don't see what I see. See what he sees. Amen. Look what he says. He said, "So, Amen." He said, "You don't use your so built until your thoughts are being your thoughts." Amen. He uses your thoughts. You being a being is God's spirit expressing itself through you. Amen. Brother B said, "What kind of church would we be? Should we be? What kind of church?" Amen. You know, you say, "Well, we gathered together." Amen. And we've had a prayer meeting. I believe in prayer. Amen. I believe in all of these things that, Amen. the spirit of God talks about. But let me tell you what, if you come together as believers, then you're not using your thought. The Holy Spirit is speaking through you. Paul cannot get up here and pastor church on his own thoughts. He has to move that aside and yield himself to the spirit of God. Can you say amen? See the thing about is Jesus said, "I can't do nothing except I see the father." Hallelujah. Brother man said, "What kind of people should we be this morning?" Amen. If the Brandham tabernacle this morning was so filled with the presence of God, Amen. Why? When you don't even use your own mind. If she was so filled with the spirit of God, Brandon Tabernacle, you wouldn't use your own mind. [Music] Why? He said, "You don't even use your own thoughts." That's the reason I tell I I say it like this. Brother Brown said, "We need our brain baptized. We need our brain baptized, right? We need that something that we can stay in tune with. Let me tell you what church, you practice for good singing. You practice for all of this. But if that mind is there, it's not a practice. That's right. It's a procession. You know when when John 10 says, "My sheep know my voice. A stranger they won't follow." Right. Amen. What is it? They so learn that voice until Amen. No matter what they lack will not attract them against the follower of the shepherd. Yes, sir. Amen. Even what they lack, all the vegetables on the side of the road does not attract them from getting their eyes off of the shepherd. Amen. Amen. Now, you know I am an hour behind y'all. You say, "Well, I'd like to know what kind of thought I have." Well, you know what, brother Re says? Amen. We need a fresh baptism every day. We need a fresh baptism. Amen. Amen. And so what what are we trying to do is to bring this man under subjection, right? Amen. He says, "Amen." Didn't even use You don't even use your own thoughts. Amen. Didn't have to. Amen. You didn't have to alternate. Amen. Of of all of this other You're just led by the spirit. Brother said last night, I preached a message at home, motivated by spirits. Amen. Every one of us has got a spirit. We're motivated by a good or bad spirit. That's right. You're motivated that. Amen. You're motivation at all. Yes, he does. He's just that the lazy spirit. That's the truth. Watch him. Amen. I got a grandson, great grandson. He lives with me, goes with me. I take him to school every day and pick him up. And so somebody when Margie died, she somebody get you a dog. I got me a boy. He tells me, "Papa, you'll be here when I graduate." He's 10. But you know what? He's so motivated by that phone. And he tells me, "Papo, you don't understand this. I mean, he's speaking my tongue. I don't understand that. I don't understand the maps or the woman telling us where to go. I don't understand that." I remember one time I was in Houston, Texas. She kept saying, "Regroup." And after a while, me and Margie, she regrouped so much. I said, "Shut up. Just shut up." And I got on the phone. I called the brother and I said, "Come get me." You don't regroup real easy in Houston, Texas. They got free freeways like this. So, I couldn't regroup. I needed another way out. Praise the Lord. Is that all right? I said, but he's motivated by that thing. Yeah. Amen. Amen. He's standing in a truck. He's in with me in my car or my truck. Amen. In school morning, he'll start saying, "Paul, you remember some of his foreign stuff? Eli Mos must." I didn't even know he existed. I didn't know Eli Musk existed. Papa, you just don't know, do you? Well, me and him was on the same basis now. You just don't know. That's why the church world just don't know. They don't know the visitation of God. They don't know that this word has come. When somebody said, "We don't understand that." They don't understand because they're not reading the same mail. Amen. Can you say amen? Yes. Amen. So he says, so now he says, as the scripture says, as many as the sons of God, Amen. are led. They're led by the spirit. Amen. Why are you going that way? I don't know. Remember, Amen. Amen. Those people, Amen, in the early years, Amen. They were they was moved. Brother Benhams in in the cafeteria. Amen. And this lady moved by the spirit to go. Amen. And brother Benham come out of the door. Right. She's moved by spirit. Amen. Why? She's so Amen. in in in in t in in in fellowship with the spirit of God. He says, "Look, go stand at that door. He'll come out." Amen. She was motivated. Brother Benham didn't have a clue. He just come out the door. Amen. So watch what he says. What kind of people should we be? Amen. Amen. Amen. You ask that sheep, why are you going that way? Why are you following him? He has no idea. There's a nature about him. There's a nature about him that's following him. Amen. Why do you believe the message? I don't know. But there's a spirit about me that's following this word. You say amen. Can you say amen? See, the thing about it is Amen. No matter. Amen. Hey. Amen. If if there like brother Bam said, the Bible says a stranger that won't follow. I don't care if he's a message preacher. If it's strange word, you won't follow. Amen. Amen. Brother man says it like this. He said if the same spirit that said let there be light and there was light that said let there be trees there was trees. And if that same mind that was in Christ being you how much more you could say or it could say let there be no cancer. Thank you Lord. Let there be no cancer. See church as you are led by the spirit of God. Don't you realize that the children of Israel when they were amen on their journey they run out of water? But did you know that God already had the tree? God didn't plant the tree. He already had the tree and he know that there would be a time they needed the tree. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. See, Amen. God is always, that's the reason I told somebody the other day, I told my church, I said, "The Bible says he go prepare a place." And I said, "He went to prepare that place to my likening." Amen. Paul, if Amen. what you do, Amen. you prepare for Rebecca's liking. You say, "I tell you one thing, I don't do that." Well, God will probably knock you out. See, God knew exactly what I liked. That's the reason he said he had big mountains, little mountains, big people. Me little people. Amen. I got a place prepared for you. Amen. And when you preparing a place, Amen. And you got a bride, you you can shelter. It's all right. So God's got it already in Amen. in your likening. He knows your desire. Well, hey. Amen. God Hey, I want that picture window here. Hey, they they they didn't put it there. Tear it down. Remember what brother Re said when that guy built it contrary to the blueprint. The guy come over and he said, "You, hey, this ain't according to plans." Amen. He said, "Well, I just thought a window should go here." He said, "Tear it down." Cuz it ain't your thinking. Well, praise God. Amen. Amen. Tear it down because I I'm building that according to her likeness. Is that right? Amen. And you said, "Oh, but you know, I don't know. I don't know what I like." Yeah, you do. You know. Amen. Every one of us know of what our desire is. Can you say amen? We sing, "I want to know more about my my savior. I want to know more about my Lord." Well, why would you do that if there's not no more for you? I want to know more. about my Lord. Amen. Can I go on a few more minutes? They're sons of God. Now, you're the sons of God. Amen. Romans 8:14. Amen. And the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. And when the human element goes out, when the human element goes out, okay, when Amen. Brother man said, "And the spirit of God fills that vacancy." Feels that vacancy. Yes, it does. So, what was you thinking over here? Now, that's gone out and that vacancy has been filled because you're a son of God with the spirit of God. That all right. So he says when the human element goes out the spirit of God fills that vacancy where you emptied yourself. Amen. You emptied yourself. Then will be when God in his power of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus will walk in his steps. We walk so carnal so long, we feel like that's a way of life. Well, well, if I, you know, if I get to believe in that, Amen. I, you know, somebody think I'm spiritual, they need to. They seen the other side of you long enough. Amen. I don't see how people says, "Well, they quit the message." No, they didn't. He cannot quit being a Le Fontaine. He can't quit. There's no way that you can quit. You can't quit. No. Somebody said, "Well, brother man, I miss it here." Really? So, how smart you become, right? So if he can't quit being a Leontaine, then you cannot quit being a son of God. Lord, I didn't say you can't get tangled up. I can't I didn't say that you can't have bad days, but you cannot quit. Nine years ago, coming September, my wife died was d Well, she was dying. and she was leaving the scene. She told me, she said, "Three things, Homer, whatever you do, don't quit. Don't mess your life up. And I love you so much." And she went to be with the Lord. And probably reason she said, "Don't mess up cuz she always kept me straight to start with." And she know I'm releasing I'm releasing you out there. Bunch of wolves. Brother Ben says he's released that power. Come on. We're not just gathering here this morning. He's released the power of his resurrection in you this morning. You heard brother Digs talk about it last night. Amen. It's been released to you. Amen. And when it's released to you, then God expects somebody to do that. Right. Somebody said, "Well, you know, I I don't know if I'm doing right." Every one of you got spiritual discernment that's filled with the Holy Ghost because you're a son of God and you have to be led by the spirit of God. See, you know why? As brother B said, those sheep followed him because that was that was a tutor that they were under. The reason where where we at is a tutor that we under, right? It's a tutor that we've been under. That's right. No, brother Diggs. I got close, but I ain't going to jump. I made a mistake when I was in Trinidad. They got this high platform. I jumped off of that baby. I went airborne. I drove my legs back up in my body. I said, I went over six feet. Come back 5'5. I said, "The next night I preached, I got over to the edge." No, you're not, boy. It didn't look that far. I'm glad I just didn't step over or step out cuz I'd have been only one on the plane with concrete in my nose. So you see sometimes, amen, we move at our own deal. But brother man said the reason they follow because they've been tutored by that shepherd. Yes, sir. See, you've been tutored. Hey, beyond your own reason, you've been tutored under the spirit, under the leadership of this man. Hey, and and whether you like it or not, when you go out and something comes up concerning this church, you relate about what your tutor. [Music] No man going to lead me. No, your wife aren't. Wife probably leading her, right? Somebody's led by something. So, Brother Bam said they followed him because they was tutored by him. Amen. You remember how brother Bam talked about the eagle? They had already given. She had already instructed them before they left the nest. God's already Amen. That's the reason you say, "Oh, my my granddaughter." Amen. They asked asked my daughter and they had that that buming over your arm. Is that the coming of the Lord? She ain't ready for the coming of the Lord. She didn't serve the Lord. But she's been under my tutor chip. She don't know. Papa, my other granddaughter, she don't serve the Lord. She said, "Papa, when you go, I'm going to go, too." I said, "You better change. I said one one of the two ain't going the same place. Amen. But brother B says he can say be no be no cancer. But you know what? Most people don't believe that. They don't believe it. But that's the power of the spirit's been given to you. That's right. You didn't give it to yourself. He did when you met the criteria of God's word. He gave it to you. Why did the scripture say, "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." If all things means all things. Hey, you know, you know, back in the back back in the early 70s, I got burnt. Second, third degree burn 35% of my body. Well, it was hot. My body never been that hot in ever. But you know what? I said, you know, God already made a way. I said, "My doctor tells me I got a skin graft your hips. I lost 12 pounds dehydrating. I don't need to get burnt, but I could use lose to 12 pounds now." But he said, "I got a skin graft your hips. Fluid's just going right out of your body." I said, "Somebody cut me, shoot me. Don't burn me." So, I'm trying to escape that place. But you know what? He said, "You know, we got to do this." I said, "You do what you got to do, but there's a higher power. There's a higher power." And I said, you know, sitting right there in that building, in that place, I said, you know, maybe some of you been in medical field, they put me in 400 gallons of of water and they started taking the hide off of me. They took a little sand black, we call I called it sandpaper, a little white cough. And he told me, he said, "You go get to where this thing is going to feel like solid sandpaper." Amen. And I said, "Hey, we're there right now. Stop." And so they took me up to my room. They doped me up with some kind of little white sav. And I thought I was burnt all over again. But I say this, Amen. He said, "We got to do this." And I said, "You know what? God come on the scene. That was the first thing healed up on me. God closed all the pores in my skin. My feet had third degree burns on them cuz I had I got burnt with hot water and I said my boots filled up. I had rubber boots on it filled up with water. You ever seen a founder, you know what a foundered cow, their feet kicks back like so? You ever seen a found anybody ever seen a founder cow or something? Anybody ever seen a cow? Well, you know, they'll get to the place like kind of like arthritic and they'll just pull back. That's exactly how my feet was. and just pull back because the top of my feet was burnt. I know you said, "Oh, whoa." I did too. I did too. You know, and I said, Marie said, I told the doctors, I said, "I need to go home." And they said, "Well, I we ain't going to let you go home." I said, "We're going I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. So I crawled out of the bed. They couldn't even have a plant in my room cuz a burn gets infected real easy. So they couldn't even have enough not even a plant which I didn't need a plant. So I crawled out of that bed and I stood up on them feet and when it did it busted all over. Busted. You ain't seen my little wife come in there. And she she said, "H Homer, you know they're not going to let you go home. I'm going home. I'm going home." Amen. My hips is healing up. I'm going home. Amen. And you know, they started burning. My feet started burning and burning, bleeding and bleeding. I kept standing on them. I kept standing on him. In his name. In his name. You know, he he was so much in his name. Amen. I was 31 years old when I got burnt. I'm 83 years old today. I own no scar on my body. [Applause] He does it well. Why? He said he would do it. Praise the Lord. Is that all right? Amen. Then he says, "What is it?" It's you speaking by the Holy Spirit. Let there be no cancer. The cancer's there, but let there be none. Brother said, "Let there be no cancer." And he said, "It would be gone." Anybody in here ever had cancer? I know Brother Diggs had uh some kind of brain tumor or something like that. I know what it's like. 2014 they told me I had prostate cancer. Well, I wouldn't take nothing from my journey. Now 2014 they said I had prostate cancer. When they say that Cword immediately you stop breathing. Anybody ever been there? You you folks that's been there? Sister Sharon, she'd been there. [Music] I got a I got a boy at the church and I went by his place of business and and everybody knew I was going to the doctor that day and he said, "Uh, what the doctor said?" And they said, I said, "They said, I got it." Well, he broke down crying and I'm the one that got it. Praise the Lord. You know what? Brother Rem said, "God heals by doctors." Well, don't y'all believe that? When the doctors can't do no more. Amen. Amen. So what'd you do, brother Homer? Nothing. They did. They put 86 seeds in me. 2014. What's this year? 2025. My PSA was perfect. What is that's him? That's him. You said, "Brother Homer, if I let my mind wonder if I get a hangail, there it comes back." Everybody does it. Oh my. You reckon it's coming back? Now the song says, "I'm taking it back. All that the God has done for me." Amen. Amen. When the scripture says, look, he said, let there be no cancer, he said it'll be gone. Hallelujah. He said it'll be gone. That's right. But we depend. We depend on somebody to do it for us. But now he says because of the spirit of God, the Holy Ghost is in you. Amen. You say it, let it be gone. Amen. Don't worry about how many prayer lines you can go through. Don't worry about how many preachers going to come by. You speak it gone. That's good preaching. You speak it gone. You're a believer. God entrusted you with the power of God or the authority of God. You say amen. Amen. See the excuse me. See, the thing about it is when Elisha picked up the robe, he wanted the same effect that Elijah had and I pick up this robe, I want the same effect that he had. Now, if I'm following something and he said, "This is what's supposed to be the church." Amen. Then I want the same effects. Amen. Amen. He Amen. He had his critics. Elisha had him. Amen. Don't you know your master is going to be taken up? Yes. That's the reason I'm following him. I know that he's going to be taken up. But if I'm here, I'll get what he's got. And Jesus said, "When I go away, I'll send you another comforter." Somebody said, "Well, that's reason I don't understand why people so depressed all the time." Uh David said, "When nobody's around to encourage me, I just encourage myself." I like funny things. I like to see things funny and I like to laugh by myself. Huh? I like to, you know, I just like to You know why? Because it encourages my inner man. It encourages me. One time I come in the living room and Margie was laughing. I said, "What in the world are you so tickled about?" And she showed me a little cartoon thing. I said, "That ain't even funny." She never stopped laughing. She never stopped laughing because it was doing something for her. We sing all these songs. We sing all happy songs. Amen. Amen. And you, you know, you watch people sing a happy song. Their face is not there. Amen. Oh, don't tell me I pastor a church. I've been there 44 years. 44 years. I was 38 years old when I went. I told somebody the other day, I don't believe you get nobody else. They said, 'You know, you got a mant. But you know what, Becky? I remember when you all you guys used to come down all of that Wade bunch had a sister one time. She said, "You know who you know what my name is, brother?" And I said, "No." I said, "What is she said?" Martha. I said self-rising flower. Amen. Laugh. Give your face a rest. Some people don't feel like we're not spiritual if we're laughing. A merry heart does good like a medicine. Some of y'all must been on some means some bad stuff. Huh? Come on and give yourself a smile. You know what? He he you know, have you ever been to a doctor and they give you a good report? What do you do? Oh man. Oh man. God gives you one every day. God gives you one every day. Amen. I thought I saw this cartoon. This guy fell over the cliff. He had he was holding to a a twig and he screamed, "Anybody help me? Is anybody out there to help me?" God said, "Turn loose." He said, "Anybody else out there?" That's the way we are. Amen. You think Brother went to hospital? Yeah. And he witnessed to everybody was in there. Yes, he did. Praise the Lord. Ain't it ain't it? Ain't it? God. Amen. God put a song in your Y'all sing all the time. Paul, I've know y'all singing for ever since I know you. Y'all must sing in your sleep. That right, Sher. You just sang and sang. Sang and sang. If I could sing, I probably would, too. Amen. But you know what is it? It makes melody. Something's happening. That's right. That's the reason, you know, I hear brother Brandham saying things that applies to me, I shout. I tell him, "Brother Paul," I said, "When I got saved, something happened." And I said, "All of a sudden, somebody comes out with a song that identifies exactly what happened to me on my baptism." Amen. If you ever heard the song, I left it all when I when I was baptized. I said, I I said I smoked three and four packs a day. I drank like it wasn't going to make no more the next day. I cursed like I I didn't even have good sense. But on February the 16th, 1969, I stepped into that water and I said, "God, take me or clean me one. Yeah. February the 16th. I never smoked, never drank, never caroused around. Have to never use bad language no more. I left it all. [Applause] I left it all when I got baptized. Why? Because I went down, you know. No, I wasn't like Jesse Taylor this time. He went down for the Lord. I went down for deliverance of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Y'all love him this morning. Bubba, what time is it? A God have mercy. You know it's late. Amen. It's almost 1:00. Jesus have mercy. Boy, my church, if they looking, they going to be mad and hornet. Can I read this here to you? Yes. You can express it by mental conception. Listen to me. But if it becomes real, revelation of God that you see it before it happens. Brother said that's what faith does. Brother says faith sees things before it happens. Brother says it like this. Faith brings things when there's nothing to brain. That's right. Amen. Faith will bring things. I told the church last Sunday, I said, "Faith is a long range vision. It's a long range." Amen. Amen. It's way out, but faith gives you Amen. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. Is that right? That's what he said. Brother said a long range. Amen. That's the reason brother Brandon said he said when you use binoculars to see way out Junter. You don't use them to see right here. That's right. But you look for it way out. Amen. And when you look at way out Juner, you seeing exactly what's fixing to happen up here. Amen. Because faith puts it there. Amen. Watch what he says. Amen. Musician, get ready. Amen. See, you see it. Brother Ben said, "When the revelation of God comes, that's the reason you don't get afraid of missing the rapture. You already saw it." Amen. You just hadn't been caught away yet. Amen. You just ain't been caught away, but you already see yourself there. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. He says, "Amen." He said you see it before it happens and express it in the word in the word form that that word takes a hold and becomes material a thought expressed expressed. Oh how God Amen. If your heart and your mind is so infiltered with God's spirit until you if your heart and your mind is so filled with God's spirit until the thoughts become his thoughts. So feel you say, "Well, brother Homer, I'm having a problem." Get filled. Keep coming to the well of grace. Come on back. Amen. Find your place. Amen. You don't just have to come up here. Find your place. That when you can get feel and he can express himself when you come here. That's right. Then you can express yourself. Can you say amen? Amen. You can express. Amen. Brother Bam said your thoughts become his thoughts. Amen. See there you are when your mind and you're leading. Amen. and and your guiding becomes a direct place, a direct inspiration of the Holy Spirit that's moving your mortal being. Let's stand. Let's stand this morning. You love him? Anybody believe this beside me? I believe this. I live on this. Cuz there's a lot of things I can't do. You know, like I told you, if I'm running some something's after me cuz I ain't running on my own. I was kidding somebody day. I said, I get my exercise every morning. I get out of bed and go get my recliner, but I'm going to tell you what, you may not be around for me to call on. You may not be around for me to say, "Hey, look, I need you." But God said, "You're so empowered and enshrouded that when you say, you know, that's all right for somebody else to say it, but when you have to say it, you have to say it to the spirit of God." How many times we've had to say it, amen, be it unto us. Amen. And brother said, you know, hey, he said, if you say, Amen. If it's I need that moved, but just say God just move it. Go on about your business. Don't worry about how he's going to do it. That's it. Amen. If it needs to be moved, you're causing somebody else, maybe a carnal man, come and move the situation. But you're moving it according to your faith. Is that all right? Come on, Paul. Get me out of this. Hallelujah. You love him this morning. Amen. Y'all know how to appreciate my church. I like what I read a little article the other day. I said, you know, I read this article said, you know, I want to be so full of the power of God, the blood that if a mosquito bites me, he'll fly off and said there's power in the blood. Yeah. Amen. You love him. Amen. and smile a while. Amen. Amen. You know what? I was listening as though I were looking at Amen. Oh, Buddy Robertson's he made a statement one time. He said, "Amen." He said, "If you got worry, if you got still got worry, you tell God he's a liar. If you got worry, you telling God he's a liar." Paul, get me out of this. Father, bless your people this morning. Thank you for allowing us to speak. Father, Lord, I thank you. I thank you for Brother Paul, Sister Loretta, the all the all the ones, Father, the family. I appreciate them. Father, been friends to me a long time ago. And Lord, we're still here. Lord, I remember being here when Brother John passed. Lord, I feel like brother John was always a friend to me. I remember used to go by and when he was in Arkansas and he here I was coming through and and he asked me said, "Brother Roman, will you come on Wednesday night?" And I said, "I can't." He said, "What night can you come by?" I said, "I'd be coming by on Monday night." He said, "We just have church." So, we just had church on Monday night. Amen. Why? Cuz you know, God's people go to church. Amen. God bless you. Thank you. Pray for us. Pray for us on the way home today. It's just 11 hours. No problem. Hallelujah. I love you. I love Brother Paul. God bless you, brother. Amen. Enjoy that this morning. Well, it wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I got to make it to heaven somehow. Oh, the devil ts me and tries to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got a name, all the wealth I want. Worldly fame if I could still I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Amen. Somehow though, the devil takes me and tries to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got a name. All the wealth I want worldly fame still I wouldn't [Music] I started out traveling for the Lord many years ago. I had a lot of heartaches and had a lot of grief and wo oh but when I was stumbled then I would humble down say thank the Lord I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now I'm making some me trying to turn it around he's everything that's I name all the wealth I want world I would take nothing from my journey now there's nothing in the world that'll ever take the place of God's love silver and gold can never rise my touch from above when my soul is here he begin to feel his power I can say the Lord I wouldn't take back my I won't take nothing from my journey now. I got to somehow teach me to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got me all the world. If I could still sing it one more time. I wouldn't take nothing from the journey. I got to make it somehow teach me. He's offered everything that's got a name all the way [Music] down. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. And I want that journey to get better and better because I appreciate what the Lord's done. But I tell you, I want to walk in the spirit led by his mind and not my own. And brother Ram said something in the message. He says, he said, he said, we live so much in our minds and our our functioning from our mind. We never give the inward man a chance to operate. That's the way he says it. We never give the inward man. So those of us who have the Holy Ghost, you've got the inward man. And it's not you. It's not your mind. It's the mind of Christ in the Holy Ghost. We just got to learn to yield and function by the mind of Christ. How much of our life, you ask yourself, how much of my life, your life is we're functioning by our own opinions injected in. But how many would raise your hand say Lord let me function from the inward man? Let him guide my decisions. You're going to be influenced by something. I tell young people, nobody makes their own decisions. You make your own decisions, but they're influenced by somebody, either the right or the wrong. So, you're going to make choices, but who are those choices in? I want my choices to be formed. As brother Bram says, that bride is built into living by the mind of Christ. And that's the way. How many want to function from that inward man? Watchman Nia a uh missionary to China said this in 1900s he said he looked over at the American church and he said my they're doing mighty things and building churches and doing all these other things. He says it's amazing he's very critical said it's amazing what the American church can accomplish without the leadership of the Holy Ghost doing all these things and and and amazing what man can do. But he was being critical saying, "But are we being led by the Holy Ghost of what we do?" Uh friends, we come along in the journey. It's time for the bride to say humbly, "Lord, every day, let me be led by the inward man and not my own thoughts." My dad used to call it stinking thinking. [Music] Our thinking is stinking thinking. Let's get beyond that. Let's let the mind of Christ lead us. Can you say amen? I want to thank God today for friends and men like brother Homer. For some reason, the Lord blessed me with mentors like this, Brother Hill Hilderbrandt, my dad, Brother Perry Green. And I was come at a certain time that I my life has been so uh formed and mentored by men like this. And there's a couple of them strange characters like brother Homer. Just very extremely different. But they taught me how to laugh. You got my dad and him together. I'm telling you, you just that was it. There there was it just become borderline carnal. No doubt about it. But laughter doeth it good like a medicine. No, nobody can laugh like a true Christian that's at serving the Lord and enjoy life. And that's why I appreciate there's so much mentoring that these brothers have done. Brother Homer, I love you. I don't get to say it very much. I love you. I love your family. I appreciate brother Homer's grand one of his many grandsons, I think, is here. Jonathan, where you at? Where's Brother Jonathan? It's good to have his grandson with us today. How's it What's it like to live with this character every day? telling you. You want to come up and testify in that a little bit? It might turn out bad after a while. Praise the Lord. How many How many lives? He lives in your yard. Not in the house. In the yard. I can understand that. How many great grandchildren? How many How many great grandchildren you got? 15. Two on the way. I'm I'm going to repeat that. 15 great grandchildren. Praise the Lord. God's blessed him. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, we appreciate this. And uh my you know, let's sing let's sing that. The joy of the Lord is my strength in him. The joy of the Lord is Do you believe that this morning? The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. He fills my heart with laughter. Ha ha. Oh. He fills my heart with laughter. Ha. It's okay. You can laugh. It's okay. [Music] The word of God is mighty even in thy mouth. The word of God is mighty even in thy mouth. The word of God is mighty even in thy mouth. The word of God is mighty in the mouth. The joy of the Lord is my strength. of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. Amen. How many believe that? That's what the Bible says. The joy of the Lord is your strength. Father, we thank you for this time, Lord, around the word of God and the way that it's presented to us, Lord, that you have, as it was said last night and today again, you're saying to us, everything has already been done. Lord, it's not like we're even asking for something. It's already been provided, but you want us to speak it. It stays a thought until we speak it. Lord, I pray that we want to just be led by our own mind, but I pray we'd be led by your mind. And that Lord that word would come forth and we confess the positive. Confess the truth. Confess what we can see that long range faith, that long range vision. Confess it before we even see it that we confess it. Lord, I pray, Father, that would take place and lead us and guide us, Lord, into a greater way in this journey that we could truly be led by the spirit of God. Lord, when we're led by our flesh, Lord, we wouldn't come to church. We wouldn't do anything. Lord, we're not led by our flesh. When we're led by our emotions, then they can be up one day and down the other. Lord, we don't want to be led by our emotions. We don't want to be led by our sicknesses, Lord. God, we want to be led by the Holy Ghost. And we know the Holy Ghost comes to church. The Holy Ghost follows the word. The Holy Ghost is hungry for the word of God. Lord, when we're being led by that, we don't have to press ourselves into it. Father, we know it comes natural because the hunger is already there. Lord, I pray if someone's lacking the joy of the Lord today that you'll fill them. Fill them, Lord, with your strength from your joy. We love you, Father. Thank you for Brother Homer. Bless him. Put your angels around him as he goes home, Lord, back to Alabama. We pray that you'll be with him and his grandson. Bless the service tonight as we gather together again. We pray you just anoint us now in Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. Tonight's service is at 5:00. Brother Diggs will be speaking for us again. and we're looking forward to a time together around the word. God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. You want to sing it like grandpa did? The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. He fills He fills my heart with laughter. Aha ha. He fills my heart with laughter. Aha ha. He fills my heart with laughter. Aha ha aha. [Music] H a a ha aa [Applause] he he be he be he be he be he be he be he be he be he be he be he be [Music] [Applause] [Music] The joy. Well, the joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord, he is my strength. The joy of the Lord is my strength. The joy of the Lord is the word of God. Well, the word of God is mighty even in thy mouth. The word of God is mighty even in thy mouth. The word of God is mighty even in thy mouth. The word of God is mighty in thy mouth. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Yes, Lord. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never never ever lose its power. Take it up a key. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, way back on Cal for it's still the same. For the blood that gives me strength from day to day it will never for you reaches for it reaches to the highest mountain is Still is too close to the valley. Oh that gives you strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. What does it do? It soothes. Oh, it soothes my doubts and it calms all my fears. [Music] Oh, and it dries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never It will never lose power. Glorious to the highest mountain. Yes Lord to the Lord valley. This stays the same that gives me strength from day to day. [Music] No, it will never. No, it will never lose. It will never [Applause] lose it. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Okay. Amen. Let's sing this one as we go. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh, go down one. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeming love. Oh, he loved me. I knew him. And all my love is to him. He plunged me to sweet victory beneath the cleansing flic [Music] in Jesus my savior. Forever he sought me and bought me. Oh, with his redeeming blood. He loved me. And I knew him. And all my love is to him. He punched me. To that victory, the cleansing blood. Oh, I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on coward to save a wretch like me. I heard about his throne of his precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sin and won the victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He s of me and he bought me with his redeeming love of the air. I move him and all my love is much to victory beneath the princip. Oh victory. Oh victory. Jesus my savior forever. He suffered and he bought me with his redeeming blood of the air I knew and all my love is true. Me to the victory beneath the cleansing. [Music] make you see. I've been touched by your fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shouting till everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by the fire. So let the world calm and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shouting to everyone has heard. Oh Jesus blinded all my darkness. Spark my heart within. His grace and mercy, little of passion, consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop. Oh, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. I will not hide. Oh, I've been touched by the fire. So let the world come and watch me go. Oh, shouting from the rooftops. Shouting till everyone answers. Oh, this love will never be extinguished. It's alive and wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, I've been touched by the fire. So let the world come and watch me. Oh, shouting from rooftops, shouting to everyone has. Oh, I been touched by the fire. So, let the world come and watch me go. Oh, shout from the rooftop. Shout it to everyone has heard. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold you inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shouting from time to time. Shouting to every one has been touched by your fire to let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shouting from the rooftops. Shouting to everyone has heard. Oh, [Music]
