################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - 2025.09.28 - Bro. Booz Romero - A King, A Kingdom, And A Purpose - Booz Romero.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    2025.09.28 - Bro. Booz Romero - A King, A Kingdom, And A Purpose
Speaker:  Booz Romero
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVauxP6tKbk
========================================

Description:
0:00 Opening Worship
2:42 Preservice Worship
6:52 Opening Prayer
7:14 Preservice Worship
23:30 Special - I Want To Praise You
28:08 Preservice Worship
30:07 Preservice
31:30 Sermon
1:46:56 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I want to be I just want to be with you. I just want to be Let's all stand and sing. I just want to be where you are. Dwelling daily in your presence. Dwelling daily in your presence. Oh yes, Lord. I don't want to worship from afar. Yes, Lord. Oh, draw me near to where you are. Sing that again. I just want to be where you are. I just want to be where you are. Dwelling daily. Dwelling daily in your presence. Yes, Lord. Oh, I don't want to worship from afar. Is that your desire this morning? Draw me near, Lord. Draw me near to where you are. I want to be I want to be where you are. Dwelling in your presence. Feasting at your table and surrounded by your glory. In your presence, that's where I always want to be. I just want to be. Oh, I just want to be with you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. My hallelujah belongs to you. Oh yes, Lord. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. Oh yes, Lord. Lift up your hands and sing it this morning. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. Oh my hallelu, my hallelu belongs to Can you tell them all of the glory belongs? Oh, all of the glory belongs to you. Yes, Lord. All of the glory. All of the glory belongs to you. My hallelujah. Oh, my hallelu. My hallelujah. Belongs to you. Oh yes. My hallelujah. My hallelujah belongs. I'll sing. You deserve it this morning. Oh, you deserve it. Hallelujah. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. My hallelujah. Oh my halleluah belongs to you. Hallelujah. Oh my halleluah belongs to you. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. It all belongs to you this morning. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. It's so good to be here this morning in his presence. Amen. Brother Frame, would you come up and lead us in a word prayer this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Dear precious Lord, we thank you Lord God for this great opportunity once again to enter your presence in a house among brothers and sisters of like faith. Lord God, just pray Lord God, you'll be in this service from beginning to end. Lord God, bless the Lord and bless each and every one that's here today, Lord Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this song this morning. Let our hearts uh say yes this morning to his will and his way. Everything he has to say this morning, let that be our expression. Yes, Lord. Yes. Let's sing this this morning as we go and greet each other this morning. I'll say yes, Lord, yes to your will and to your way. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord, yes, I will trust you and obey when your spirit speaks to me. With my whole heart I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. I'll say yes. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. To your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. Oh, I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me with my hope, with my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes. Take it up one. Lord, yes. Oh, I'll say yes. Lord, yes. to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and obey. With your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I'll agree and my answer will be yes. Lord, is that your heart this morning? See last time I'll say I'll say yes Lord yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes Lord. Yes, I will trust you and oy. When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I'll agree. And my answer will be yes, Lord. Yes. When your spirit when your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I agree and my answer will be yes Lord. Yes. Amen. Let's sing this one. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Oh yes. is the righteous run to and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. All the righteous run to. Aren't you glad? We got a strong tower this morning. They are saved. Oh, we sing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, is he your strong tower this morning? See now. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. Oh, righteous. Oh, and they say the name of the Lord is he's my my strong tower. Oh, the righteous run into. Oh, bless his name this morning. We sing the blessed blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, [Music] blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Yes. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Hallelujah. We lift up your name, Lord. Thank you, God. Amen. You may be seated. He is our He is our safety this morning. Amen. In a crazy world, we can find our rest and shelter in him. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. That song gets me excited. Praise God. Amen. in the key of C this morning. Amen. Maybe key of D will do that. Fill this void and emptyness. Is this what you want this morning? Shine your light on my darkness. so satisfy and restore my soul. I long for you to make me whole. Come quench this thirsty. Lord, I am ready. Here I am waiting. Yes, Lord. Come fill my heart and you are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Lord come fill my Sing that first verse again. First verse. Fill this void. Oh fill this void emptyness. Shine your light. Oh, shine your light on my darkness. Be my satisfaction. Satisfy and restore my soul. We long for you. Long for you to make me whole. So come quench this thirsting. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Lord come fill my heart. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come. Second verse. Just talk to him now. Oh worship him. Oh Lord, come fill my life. I am incomplete. Yes, Lord. Oh, let your love rain down on me. What is it now? I need you more, Lord. I confess more of you. All more of you Lord. Nothing less. Oh come quench this thirsty. Oh Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting or come through my heart. You are the only one who can fail me. Here I am waiting. Come for last time. Come quench your come quench this thirsty. Lord I am ready. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart Lord. You are the only one who can fill me. Here I am waiting. Come fill my heart. Hallelujah. So wait on the Lord. [Music] Wait on the Lord. Lord. Oh, wait on the Lord and he will. Oh, and he'll renew. You know that promise to be true. Sing that again. Wait, wait on the Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, wait on the Lord. Oh, wait on the Lord. We know he will. Oh, and we all standing stand and sing these verses. There's not a mountain. There's not a mountain too tall. Yes, Lord. Oh, there's not a problem so small. Thank you, Lord. Oh, that Jesus can't resolve in time. He'll get involved. Cuz our God, he cares about us. So we are the Lord. So way of the Lord. Hallelujah. Wait on the Lord and he will renew and hear. Oh yeah. Second verse. Sing it with confidence this morning. There's not a night. Oh, there's not a night too dark. Hallelujah. Oh, a journey too long toart. He will. Jesus will see you through in time. He'll make you new. Cuz our God, he cares about [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. We are [Music] the Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, and I like this part now. Next one. Next one. Next one. Do the next one. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going to wait on you, Jesus. I'm going away. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yes, Lord. [Music] You and you renew your strength. The voices way on the Lord. Oh, wait on the Lord. wait on the Lord. He's our strength this morning and he'll renew your minds. The tithes and offerings come and going to have a it's a great joy. We have Sister Tina and Sister Monica going to sing a special Kenny. Um, but it's just nice to have the family harmony and this would be good to listen to. So, they can come and make our way up. Let's sing this one though. I was just thinking of this one. Some through the water, some through the blood, some through the fire, but all through the blood. for some through great sorrow, but God gives a song. Aren't you glad? Oh, in the night season and all the day. Sing that again. Some through. Oh, some through the waterers. Some through the flood. Oh, some through the fire. But all can you testify? All through the blood. Oh yes. Oh some through great sorrow. But God gives a song. Oh, in the night season and all. [Music] I want to praise you with all of my heart. Yes, I'll praise you not only part but be holy, willing. This is my prayer. This is my offering. Just because you've been so true, I want to praise you. [Music] &gt;&gt; You're holy and righteous, exalted on high, omnipotent savior. You are divine. I don't have much to offer you, but still there is one thing that I want to do. I want to praise you with all of my heart. Yes, I'll praise you not only part but be holy willing. [Music] This is my prayer. This is my offering. Just because you've been so true. I want to praise you. [Music] You are majestic with all power and might. When I was in darkness, Lord, you were my light. When I feel like I can't make it with all I've been through, still there is one thing that I want to do. I want to praise you with all of my heart. Yes, I'll praise you. [Music] Not only part but be holy, willy. This is my prayer. This is my offering just because you've been so true. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Just because you've been so true. I want to praise you. &gt;&gt; I want to praise you with all of my heart. Yes, I'll praise you not only part but be holy willingly. This is my prayer. This is my offering. Just because you've been so true. Just because you've been so true. &gt;&gt; Just because you've been so true. I want to praise you. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Is that what you want to do this morning? Let's all stand. Every day, every hour, you are faithful, Lord. Every day, every hour you are faithful. Every day, every day, every hour you are, you are faithful. Oh, is he faithful? You are faithful. You are faithful. Tell them this morning with your hands lifted up, you are faithful. Oh yes, you are faithful. Sing every day. Oh, every day, every hour. Lord, you are faithful. Oh, every day, every hour. Oh, you are faithful Lord and faithful. Oh, you are faithful. Yes, you are. Oh, you are faithful, oh Lord. You are faithful, oh Lord. Amen. Can you say that with your heart this morning? &gt;&gt; Is he faithful? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The beauty of the promise is even though you may be unfaithful, he remains the same. &gt;&gt; He remains faithful. So we're with gratitude in our hearts, we can be in his house and say, "Lord, thank you because you're faithful. Thank you because you're still in the in the in the forgiving of my mistakes, in the forgiving of of my my like my messing up all the time, Father, you're still faithful. You're grateful for that this morning. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Do you love him this morning?" &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's good to be here. So, if you have your Bibles, let's go straight to the word of God. Um, I have some slides here. If you don't have your Bible, well, God bless you. If you have your Bible, praise the Lord, too. Um, I'm nervous this morning is is is not an easy thing to be here. And, you know, even though I've been coming to this church for so many years, every time we stand behind the holy desk, there is always like uh, you know, my voice is shaking or something is going on. But that's a good thing &gt;&gt; so that we can step out of the way and we can let God speak to what he wants to tell us this morning. Amen. So, uh, if we have our Bibles, let's go to the book of, uh, Psalms, uh, uh, 142 and we're going to read verse 1 through verse 7. And then we're going to go to the book of Hebrews chap uh 11 verse 38 through verse 40. I'm going to try to go slow so I can say my words the right way and all of that good stuff. Amen. So here we have in in the book of Psalms 142 says, "And I cried unto the Lord with my voice. With my voice, unto the Lord did I make my supplication. I pour out my complaint before him. I show before him my trouble. When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knowest my path in the way wherein I walk uh have the privilege laid a snare for me. I looked on my right hand and beheld, but there was no man that will know me. Can you imagine? David is writing here and he's like, I was seeking for help and no one was there to help me. refuge fail me. No man care for my soul. That's very interesting. Why is he referring to his soul? He's not even like he's talking about himself, but now he's going deeper and he's saying like no one care for my soul. And then I cried unto thee, oh Lord. I said, thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living. Attend unto my cry, for I am brought very low. Deliver me from my persecutors, for they are stronger than I. Bring my soul out of prison, that I may praise thy name. The righteous shall compass me about for thou shalt deal bount bountifully with me. Now in the book of Hebrews 11:38 through verse 40 and the scripture says on whom the world was not worthy they wander in deserts and in mountains and in dens and in in caves of the earth and these all having obtained a good report through faith received not the promise. God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, thank you once again, Father, as we're in your house. Father, may uh you forgive us this morning, Lord, if in any way we have grave your Holy Spirit, Father. But we know that through the atonement now, we can present ourselves boldly before your presence, Lord, and as we haven't done it, Father, because that's justification. You have come with us with sanctification, justification. You have given us the Holy Spirit, Father, and now even more. The person of Jesus Christ is with us this morning. And not only with us, but is in us working from the inside to the outside, Father. We're grateful for that this morning, Lord. as we as humans are here hearing your word father is let let it not be another sermon father but like something that can change that can um bring courage to our souls father to our spiritual walk with you our Christian walk with you that's what we want this morning father may I be able to step out of the way and may you receive all the glory father and if we have something good something that can come good out of us that is that is not us father but that is you father as we come before you we thank you we commit this service in your hands in the name of Jesus Christ we pray amen you may have your seats and a brother always said like you may you and and I may remain like you may have you may enjoy the comfort of your seats that as I may I remain standing amen so um anyway it's good it's once again it's good to be in the house of the lord Um it's always a privilege when you can study study the scriptures and then find uh the mind of the Lord for for for for the day. So uh this morning I and I think we have it here. We can go to slide number one but we would like to title this a king a kingdom and a purpose. A king, a kingdom and a purpose. And um you know last time we were speaking here we're talking about David and and we were speaking about how David already being part of the kingdom. There was one person that was part kind of related to Saul and he wanted to honor Saul, right? So he he wanted to um to to kind of uh honor the memory of the king that had died. So what he did he brought him to the table and then he he he became part of the kingdom right so that was mephibosed mephibosed became part of the kingdom. So you know in thinking about David there are so many things that we can study in the life of David. So with that in mind then the Lord just brought this in my heart and I was like let's let's go for this. I spoke a little bit about this when we were in um in Connecticut a few months ago but now I was studying it and the Lord was just changing everything. So maybe the scriptures are the same. My wife was there. So if you don't if you just kind of can cover your ears, but like the scripture may be the same, but how the Lord is going to bring one wants to bring it this morning will be maybe different. Amen. So again, as we said, a king, a kingdom, and a purpose. So if we see here the first thing that we're going to find in in the book of 1st Samuel chapter 22 uh let's go right here. So 1st Samuel chapter 22 and and the Bible is speaking here that they David therefore departed dance and escape escape to the cave Adel and and when his brethren and all his father's house heard it and everyone he heard it they went down fither to him and everyone that was in distress and everyone that was in debt and everyone that was discontented gather them themselves unto him and He became a captain over them and there with him about 400 men. So where are they all going? They're going to a cave. They're going to a place that that that is unusual to begin to begin a kingdom. Okay. So just going to leave that scripture there. But if we take a little bit of background, you see in the Old Testament when the Lord met with Moses in Mount Si, he gave him clear instructions on the way the tabernacle was supposed to be built. You know, it was supposed to have an atrium, a holy place and in in another place that it was called the the holy of holies. Amen. And and we see that in in uh in uh Exodus chapter 25. And it says, "Thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark. And in the ark, thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee, and there I will meet with thee. and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat from the from between the cherubims which are upon the ark of the testimony of all things which I'll give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. So this script scripture to me has a lot of meaning because when the Lord comes to meet with Moses or when he wants to commune with Moses, he's telling him go to the mercy seat. And then if if if you just think about mercy seat, mercy seat, it is not talking about the the the the seat of judgment. It is talking about the mercy seat. It is talking about the the seat where there is grace where there is forgiveness. So that's why the importance when you when you have come to Christ don't stay in the in the in the atrium. Don't stay there outside just way as an expectator but you have to come closer and then there is the holy place. It's good to be in the holy place. It's good to have all the emotions that you can have. You're a human. You can experience all those emotions. When when you come to the holy of holiest, that's going to be even something greater because there is where you can find mercy and you can find forgiveness. &gt;&gt; That's way different than just staying outside because outside people will still be looking at your outer appearance. People will still be looking at AT HOW YOU ARE. PEOPLE WILL STILL BE LOOKING AT YOUR FLESH. PEOPLE WILL still be looking at your mistakes. And then people IS GOING TO JUDGE YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE YOU'RE you're outside. &gt;&gt; But what happens when you come inside? That's what when the prophet of God had that vision about the third pool, it said and and there there was like a big tent. You see, always God from something big to something very small to something very private. Why? Because he wants to have that personal relationship with you. He wants to commune with you. He wants to connect with you this morning. That's what he wants. So that's why when when when that vision of the third and our pastor preached like I don't remember how many how many services about it and it was just so great because when you're coming to the third pool is not a an open to the public. He it is something more private where it's just you and God where you can commune with him when you can talk to him when you can express how you feel and he's not going to judge you. He's going to bring healing to what to your need. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that's why to me this scripture is kind of like when he's saying like it's it's talking about the the mercy seat and it's like and I will have communion with you there Moses. I want to have that communion with you. And that's the same thing that was sold to the prophet of this age. It's like there's going to be a big tent and he thought, "Oh, that's great." Amen. He was even the prophet of God was planning on buying a big tent. He's like, "Then we're going to have this great revival and people is going to be healed." That was that was the vision of the third pole. But then something happened. He's like, "Then there was a little room. There was a little little little place where people were going through there on one side and they were coming to the other side and they were walking. They were walking with the stretchers or or or with the with with with the you know the the the hospital bed. They were going through there and then they were coming out healed &gt;&gt; and he's like something was happening in there &gt;&gt; and then the angel told him and this will be your thirdpool thirdpole and I will meet you there and I will meet you there. Why am I saying this? We're going to try to connect it with everything that we're talking about. Okay, but that was for the prophet. And then here it's like when you get discouraged be when you get betrayed or whatever your condition is when you enter into his word when you enter the holy of holiest you will find rest for your soul &gt;&gt; because how glorious that is that when you know when when when when the law was given through Moses they have to follow all those rules and regulations for the tabernacle on on all all the the the the the skiing skin and everything that they have to guilt. But at some point when Jesus died there there was there was a veil that was rented in two. And now you have full access to that mercy seat. Who was that mercy seat? It was Jesus. But it was not only for for us to always go back and REFER TO THE CROSS. BUT NOW it's to to taking him out of the his out of history and bring him him back to our to your daily life &gt;&gt; to your daily walk. Because every time you feel discouraged, every time you feel betrayed, now you can go to him and say, "Lord, I feel discouraged. Lord, I feel betrayed. Lord, they are talking about me. They are saying this about me." And then he's like, as when brother Brandham was talking, he's like, and and I went to the hospital and I went to the big university and I was like, Lord, I haven't done anything. And the and the and the voice just came and say, I am your portion. &gt;&gt; So that could be the same thing for you this morning. And you may think, Lord, I don't have like all these great possessions, which is nothing against it, or Lord, I I I haven't I haven't reached so many things. But my prayer for you this morning is that you can hear him saying, "But I am your portion." &gt;&gt; Because if I am your portion, you will lack nothing &gt;&gt; because you're going to be content. You You're going to be satisfied with what he had given to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. The invitation this morning in the book of Matthew chapter 28 verse 28 he says come unto me come he's he's giving you an invitation &gt;&gt; unto me he's providing you the place &gt;&gt; all ye that are labor labor and heavy laden in other words you have to recognize your condition &gt;&gt; because you cannot come to him in in in in not knowing your condition. But when you come to him and and when you come and and ask for a specifics, that makes a big difference because it's like even the prophet of God says when you pray to God, you have to be specific. Amen. Come unto me all ye that are labor and heavy laden and I will give you rest. That's a reward. So he's telling you come. He's giving you an invitation. He's telling you where to go. He's providing you the place. That's a provided place of God for worship. And then he's also telling you if you feel yourself in this condition, you can come to me, &gt;&gt; Lord. I'm tired this morning. I can come to you, Lord. I feel discouraged this morning. I can come to you this morning. And then he says, take my take take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I am meek and lonely in heart. We preach about this at the beginning of the year. The heart of God. What? What's the heart of God? meek and lonely in in in heart. That's God's heart. It's not it's not it's not a h a heart that will always be you will always be in the place of judgment, but he will bring correction to your life. &gt;&gt; But he's like, I am meek and I am lonely. That's my heart. And then the again the reward and you shall find rest unto your souls because then it says because my yoke is easy and my burden is light. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, it it reminds me of that man. This is like a like a story of that man that that he was, you know, complaining to the Lord about the cross that he was carrying. And he's like, "Lord, this is so big." And the Lord brought him to the place where they have all the crosses. And he's like, "Okay." The Lord told him, "You go and choose whatever you want." And then and then he choose one. And the Lord was like, "Well, that's the one that you were carrying. That's what he's saying. Your his yoke is easy and the burden is light. Why? Because as we always say like he you will not be able to receive or like to carry more than what you can bear. That's his that's the scripture. Amen. Now there is another invitation in the book of Isaiah 55 and it says hold for everyone that is thirst that thirsteth. That's the condition of all condition of the world. Come ye to the waters and he that has no money. Come ye buy and eat. This is free. Yay. Come buy wine. Stimulation the stimulation of the revelation and milk without money and without price. In other words, he's providing a full he's giving you a full provision of who he is. He's all but you you you if you are seeing these two scriptures is giving you an invitation. It's not an imposition. This is not by impo imposition. This is by invitation only. If you're here is because you're willingly here in the house of God. Nobody told you you have to be here. No, you you were here because you wanted to be here. Amen. So it's always an invitation. It's it's always like the Lord coming to you and say, "Hey, just come and and let's have some fellowship." Amen. Amen. So now, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Even more, I was just thinking about it, but like I I really like this this quote from from the first sale where brother Venom says, "Every bornagain believer, true believer, is perfectly absolutely sinless before God. And you are like, "Who are you talking about, Lord?" &gt;&gt; He's talking about you. &gt;&gt; The prophet of God is telling you, he is you're a true believer. If you're a true believer, what is a believer? What's the the characteristic of a believer? They believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. It says the bornag again believer true born born again believer true believer is perfectly abs ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab ab abssolutely sinless before god and then he is not trusting in his works are if you trust in your work in your works you're going to be lost. &gt;&gt; Amen. Somebody was like there was a gathering of people and and they were they were talking about religion and they were talking about Buddhist and and uh and you know all the different religions and it's like what makes the Christian religion different than the other religions and the answer was because this this the Christian religion is not about works it's about grace. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense to you this morning? Because if it will be by your works, we will be all we will have fallen short of the glory of God. But it's just his grace that we're here this morning. &gt;&gt; So that's why he is not trusting in his works. If you're trusting in your own works, in in your in you in you in you coming to church, in you paying your tithing and your offerings or or kind of tending to the sick and the afflicted, that's great. But if you're trusting in that, you're lost. That's right. &gt;&gt; But in the blood of Jesus, that's what where you have to stand this morning. It is in THE BLOOD OF CHRIST. WHY? BECAUSE THAT IS your confession that has dropped into your heart. There is nothing else that can take you out of what God had done in your life that you can say, "Lord, is just by grace. It's just through your blood that I'm here this morning that you can see me before before my my my my mistakes and anything else. The only thing you see you see the blood &gt;&gt; and then Jesus said be there for perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect. If Jesus is giving that as a commandment of the Lord he's telling you you have to be perfect. &gt;&gt; Did you did you have a bad thought this week? Did you lie this week? Maybe shouldn't do that. &gt;&gt; Did you like have a thought in your in in in your in your mind about your husband, about your wife? Oh, once again, if you think about all your thinking and all of that, you will you will be falling short of the glory of God. And then but if he's telling us be ye therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect. How could we even start the thought of being perfect? But Jesus require it. If and if it is a requirement we have to do it. But if Jesus require it, he has to he has a way to make he has to make a way for it. He has to make a way for it. And the prophet of God says, "And he has made a way and it is his own blood." &gt;&gt; So if he's telling you be he therefore perfect, he's telling you that you have to do it. But at the same time, he is a fair. He's a he's a fair. He's a just God that that he's telling you yes, you have to be perfect. But let me tell you something. I will provide you the tools. &gt;&gt; I and I will provide you even something more. I I have already shed my blood that you can be perfect. THAT YOU DON'T HAVE to walk defeated or you don't have to be always looking at what you did the last week or or your offenses from years ago. Now, if everything has been confessed is if everything is under the blood of the lamb then now you can say I can walk in power. &gt;&gt; Don't don't we sing I'm walking in power in in in power. I'm I am working in miracles. I see you. I don't remember the song anyway, but just think about the song. Amen. &gt;&gt; But we sing and we, oh, I'm working in power. I can I almost performing miracles and all. I see a life of favor and then I know who I am. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But then you see your brother and you criticize your brother. You see your sister, you criticize your sister. Or you see yourself and you overjudge yourself. when it's like Lord if you have shed your blood for me let me walk with that vision let me walk with that mindset this morning that I that I can be perfect that I can be sinless before you this morning that it is not by my works as I said Christianity is the only one that is just by grace &gt;&gt; amen he's made a way Now, if you see here, we're page three, so we have good time. Oh, wow. Oh, let's let's focus a little bit on David. After Saul was rejected by God, the Lord had a plan all along to provide a king for Israel. We know that, right? because the the people's choosing or the people's choice was Saul, but God's God's elected person was David. &gt;&gt; And we know by the scriptures how the prophet Saul Samuel led by the holy holy ghost. He's brought to the house of David where he was there in in in where where there was the one that the where the future king was and Samuel gets there. He gets there to worship. Tells Jesse what the plan is and u Jesse and ask him Jesse bring all your children to so we have to worship together because we are going to eat until everybody's here and we and we can we can partake of the meal and Jesse brings all the all all you know his best children. How many parents are these days that way? Let me bring you the one that behaves the most in church and the one that Well, that one is busy. Don't don't bring it. Don't bring him around. That's parenthood right here. Jesse like you know belittling the one child because then he has a star child and then he had one child that yeah, you know that's he needs help. That's the attitude of many parents. Amen. We all need help. I was one of them kids that there is one one author that said that there is the type of kids that the ones that are very outspoken and those are the ones that you're able to identify when they are struggling with something. But there is some other type of kids in your household that they are called the golden kids. Those are the type of kids that hide everything and inside of them they are struggling &gt;&gt; but they are not able to express how they feel because of the fear of what their parents are going to say about them and they hide all their struggles for years until that thing explodes. &gt;&gt; I was one of them. I was a golden child confessing my sins. Amen. But by God's grace, the Lord took me out of that bubble of golden child and he's like, just be who you are in Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. So anyway, so we have David and then we have the the the the children of uh the other children of Jesse and uh and they and you know Saul Samuel asks like uh are these all your sons? And Jesse replies, "No, I have one more. He's tending to the sheep of of his father." Samuel asked him, "Go and get him." As soon as David walks in, he tells Samuel that that David is the one that is supposed to be anointed over Israel. Then Samuel anoints David and worships the Lord in the house of Jesse. Amen. What a beautiful picture. We're seeing here a good for nothing uh like an anonymous guy now become the anointed for the kingdom. And remember, we're talking there is a king, there is a kingdom, and there is a purpose we're building. Okay? So, but before we go we get there, I I was listening the other day and uh brother Brham was talking about this specific instance and and and we are all familiar with this story, but maybe for the sake of the younger ones, uh we we can talk a little bit about it. And and we know that there was this uh this specific fellow that he will go to the meetings and then he will disrupt the services and then we'll be threatening the pastor or or the preacher and then they will be all be afraid and then uh that was the guy. Okay. But at at some point there was this specific instance where the guy came to the to the prophet's meetings and he was there in the meeting and then at some point he started screaming at the prophet and and then it started you know like cussing in in front of everybody and and then the police was there and and and all the ministers were all alarmed. What what should we do here? But then the prophet of God was just looking at him. Why? Because when we can say that someone in our generation got to the point of such love divine, it brings a kind of a different perspective on on where we could be this morning. Right? &gt;&gt; Because the prophet of God, even though not seeing the threat in front of him, what he did was like the guy came in front of him, he spit on his face and then he was like, I'm going to break all your bones and I'm going to do all of these against you. But let me tell you one thing. The prophet of God, he looked at him and then he recognized, you know what? What what what had happened with that guy that what had happened was that he had I think he's one of the ones that had believed a lie and then one lie brought to another lie and it was the power of multiplication of that spirit that it ended up being that that that that brother was possessed and then but not only that when the prophet of God looked at him and he is like you know what yeah and he was just looking at him and at some point you No, he just love him and say in the name of Jesus that that the spirit had to leave and according to the the accounts the the spirit left. But then the police officer asks is this man going to be okay? And then here is where brother Ram says no sir. He's like is he going to be all right? And he's like no. Why? because he worships that spirit. He and and think about this. He think he is right. If he's willing to give it up, it will leave him right now. &gt;&gt; But he worships that spirit and he will take it right back. &gt;&gt; So that's a challenge for us this morning. When you think about your struggle, when you think about the things you're facing these days is like, are you worshiping those spirits? And and and and and a definition of worship is submission. Are you submitting to those spirits or are you saying Lord come and take control of my life? So that's and the reason why I'm saying this because it is the same condition where Saul was you know as soon as he disobeyed God then the spirit of the of the enemy just came and once in a while if you think about it once in a while will come and possess him and then they will have to bring a musician and then the musician will play the music and he will set free. But he was so possessed of that spirit that he wouldn't it would never let him. It will not leave him at all. And brother Brandon says that many times sickness people could be healed in the service and and then and you know now you have all these kind of internet going on that you know he will tell people that they were healed and then people didn't heal. Well, people healed but what happened is that in the presence of God there is nothing that cannot be delivered. &gt;&gt; But what will do though that people do after when they will go home, when they will go to the workplace, will they still be claiming back those things or will they still stand in their confession of deliverance and their confession of healing? So that makes a big difference because in God's presence there is nothing that can be hidden or there is nothing that can be delivered but is more on what you do after when you get out of this place. &gt;&gt; Amen. So in in the case of of Saul he was worshiping the spirit. He was bowing himself to that spirit of pride that spirit of rejection. &gt;&gt; Amen. He was bowing himself before those things. And at some point that thing killed him because that was the judgment of God. Amen. If you see now if we can keep moving forward here um they start looking for a musician and they bring David to the palace. Now remember David's David was anointed to be the king but it was not his time yet. Think about it. When they br they they bring the good for nothing. Now he's given a promise and he's thinking it's going to be tomorrow. Now I'm going to be I'm going to stop caring for the sheep of my father and now everybody's going to bow before me and it's going to be great. Guess what? It was not the case. Many times and David was was anointed to be the king but it was not his time yet. Because many times God can anoint you for something but it's not your time to come to manifestation on on the commission that the Lord wants for your life. You know many times we're commissioned but God's timing to use us for a specific task is not shown to us right away. You know as the prophet said sometimes God can use a man for five for a five minute commission but we need to be patient and wait on his timing. We need to embrace the process. &gt;&gt; Don't despise don't don't don't despise where God has you right now, but serve your purpose. &gt;&gt; That's what brother said that. Don't don't don't despise it where God has you right now, but serve your purpose. Discern what the Lord wants to teach you at the time of our test. &gt;&gt; That's very important. &gt;&gt; This generation wants everything fast with the snap of their fingers. They want it to happen right away. But let me tell you, and when I'm talking about the generation, I'm including myself. they but we sometimes are missing the opportunities that the Lord has for us to learn. &gt;&gt; If I ask our sisters, our sister uh Emily or sister Sharon or like the ones that have been have had to deal with the sickness for a long time and if I will have to ask them what is it like? Well, I can say because my mom had cancer at some point, but I I can tell you one of the answers will be, you know what, the only thing I knew is that the Lord was there there all along &gt;&gt; and that's more than enough. &gt;&gt; And that's kind of when you learn to trust more in the Lord, when you're going through a trial that that lasts for a long time and you're like, Lord, when is this going to end? And the Lord is like, just a little bit more time. Amen. We want miracles, but we don't want to go through the healing process. &gt;&gt; We want miracles, but we don't want to go through healing, which is a process. We want a body change. We want to be raptured. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I want to be raptured. Praise the Lord. I hear that all the time. I have heard many people saying and and I agree that how many want to be raptured? And we can say amen. But every day is an opportunity to be changed. &gt;&gt; Didn't it happen the that way with Enoch? He walked so close to God that he was not found. &gt;&gt; He walked with God. It was not just like a a one event is something. It was a process. And I can tell you today the rapture, the first coming of the Lord was a prophet. A a process. There were prophecies given. But then how did it started? With the coming of the angel. Do you guys remember that in the first coming the angel came to who? He came to Mary. That was the beginning of the coming the first coming of the Lord. And then the Mary had to be ready to receive the word. And she said, "Be it unto me according to thy will." And then the the spirit of God kind of shadowed her. And then she conceived of the Holy Spirit. And that was still the coming of the Lord. It it was a process and then it kept coming. It kept going until he 12 12 years old. Then then he was in the temple and he was confounding the the the minds and the thoughts of of the of the wise and the understood and that was great. It was still the first coming of the Lord and people were like where is the Messiah? The Messiah was already there but it was in in in in a in a teenager form &gt;&gt; and that was still the first coming of the Lord. And then it kept going until he he until John the Baptist had to say uh this is this is my beloved son. &gt;&gt; That was John the Baptist the the the messenger to for to forun the coming of the Lord and it was all the first coming of the Lord. It was a process. &gt;&gt; What can we say in our day is the same thing. The coming of the Lord is a process. I don't know if if you guys heard or read this week, but people were waiting for the rapture to be on September 23rd, 24th. People were deceived. Why? Because now we know by the understanding of the scriptures that the coming of the Lord is a process. There is a people on earth that every day they are being changed because we we read we read that in the scriptures that he's changing us from glory to glory. And the in the second coming of the Lord, the angel had descended. There was a forerunner. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do we believe that this morning? There was a forerunner and then who came after the forerunner. Now there is a bride on this earth that is receiving that word and she is in that rapturing process. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We want to go and and and and we we we say this many times. So yes, Lord, we're going to go and we're going to be in that thousand years millennium and it's going to be great and then we're going to be stepping on the ashes of the evil and all of that. That's praise the Lord for that. We want to go and rule over the new heaven and in the new earth. But here we cannot rule our own body, &gt;&gt; our own tongue, &gt;&gt; our our temper &gt;&gt; is still holding to the things from your past and you want to rule in a new world. &gt;&gt; Control this 80 cents. Well, now with inflation and all of that, maybe five bucks. Amen. If you're able to control this now, then the Lord is going to place you over bigger things. But now the Lord is suffering you to let go and let God take control. Be your Lord. That is the second coming of Christ. The messenger, the message, but now the recipients of that message. The people that have to leave that message. And we always hear the term like the the opening of the book, the opening of the book, eating from the open book. Do you know what that means? Is the author is present there with you. That's the opening of the book. Because when you're reading from the revelation of the opening, the open book now, there is no room for you to to find a fault in the scripture because he's right there. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's how beautiful is the second coming of the Lord. It It's not just, you know, pe these people. And you see some of the images there in Africa. I think some of them were like waiting in a forest. They're waiting for for for the Lord to come and everybody gets so excited and everything and it's like how deceived people can be when there is a people that is being changed from glory to glory &gt;&gt; until the the the the dawn of the day. That's what the scripture says. Amen. Now, if you see in the message uh victory day, God lets disappointments happen to show victory. Oh, if we could only see that, you'd only see that these things that seem to be burring burring you and upsetting you, they are trials. They are things to stand still and it's like kind of just to change to focus your focus your glasses on the word of God and speak the word and then just walk forward and that's all there is for you to do. You see what is the prophet of God telling us is like well things are going to happen in your life that's that's part of life but you you have an assure foundation you have the word of God that you can always always go back to that word and say Lord you are my refuge you are my sanctuary you are my everything this morning as we read here in Psalms 142 David is like who is taking care of my soul who is taking care of me and he's like kind of in all despair like Nobody is taking care of me. But then he's like, "No, but yes, you, Lord, you take care of me." &gt;&gt; No, the next one, it is it is it isn't how you're going to get there. That is up to God. &gt;&gt; Just keep on moving. Follow follow the word. If you stand stagnant, then you know the water stinks, right? Like the stagnant water will stink, but the water that is running is beautiful. That's what the Lord wants for your life. Don't still don't don't stand or stay stagnant. Keep moving. &gt;&gt; Keep going forward. &gt;&gt; And then the other one I have here. Now remember, God has counted you worthy when you have a test. Oh, praise the Lord. Lord, I'm so worthy. Don't fail this to get this. When you have a trial or a test, it shows the grace that it shows the grace of God has found you. &gt;&gt; You found favor favor with God and God believes that you will stand the test. &gt;&gt; Think about it this morning. your hardest trial, your hardest test that you have this past week or that you are going to face in the coming days, there is nothing that he hadn't already accomplished for you. But he believes in you. &gt;&gt; And I do remember brother Steve Ste was when he was speaking about the kind of when you have a a son and it's like at some point that that son needs to be affirmed needs to be reaffirmed that you know that somebody believes in him in or or a or a wife affirming the husband and and this is God telling you I believe in you. I trust that you're that I had already provided all everything you need. So you're going to stand the test. &gt;&gt; Amen. And many times we he or we're hesitant and and well well that's something God give you to overcome. He knows you will do it. He because he has put his trust in you does what he wants for you. Remember there is a king there is a kingdom and there is a purpose. Yes. &gt;&gt; How many times we have made uh rush decisions and we get in a lot of trouble. &gt;&gt; But we have one thing for sure. God's purpose in our lives is and he'll always be will be fulfilled no matter what. &gt;&gt; Because the prophet of God says God's purpose can never be defeated because it is his purpose. It it is not your purpose. It is his purpose. And then he says what God has purposed in his mind, what God has purpose in in his heart to bring to pass. There is no demon. There is no power. There is nothing that can ever separate God's great eternal plan. It must be as God has said it. And we can say amen. &gt;&gt; It's God's purpose. It is it is God's plan. No, remember we're talking about a king. Now we're talking about a purpose. Now we we have to talk about a kingdom. Amen. Now, one more thing here. There's one uh you know the Bible always tells us God always chooses and calls men. It is not men choosing God or calling to God. Well, people can call to God, but is God kind of calling his his men? It is God calling men. You see how Gideon was called a mighty man of valor. How David was called a man after God's own heart and many others. Why is this? So that men don't get the glory. &gt;&gt; When God called you is for him to get the glory. He's not your is not for you to get the glory. But that God gets the glory. Look at every calling. There were always obstacles. There was always something coming against these men for so that they could avoid them to fulfill God's purpose. It always h it is a throughout the scriptures. So let me tell let me give you a key for this morning. If if it was in the scriptures is the same thing that can be applied in your life. Right? &gt;&gt; So that when you're planning or kind of uh getting ready to come to church and then everything is not going according to plan, that is the enemy trying to break his like to uh avoid God's purpose in your life for you to be in church. &gt;&gt; It's as simple as that. Amen. So we see when Moses was born, what happened with with Moses? There was a proclamation that they would have to kill the all the two year olds in and under all the men. They have to kill them. They had to, if you think about it, in that time they had to kill mascul masculinity because they they they knew that there was a deliverer coming. &gt;&gt; Are we seeing the same thing? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The enemy trying to destroy masculinity, fatherhood, motherhood, ch children, father relationship. Why? Because if if the if if if that is working the right way, it will do something against the enemy's king the enemy's kingdom. So that happened there. That's what I'm saying that everything that we are living these days, if you go back in the scriptures, you're going to find it. &gt;&gt; And what happened with Gideon, God had a plan for him, but he was looking at the outer or or the current conditions, always being robbed from his harvest by the enemy. That was Gideon. Let me tell you something today. Your current condition is not your future. your current condition, where you are right now, that's not your future. That's not where God wants you wants you to be, but is you are a work in progress. &gt;&gt; Perhaps Gideon thought that he was going to to to die trashing the wheat in the wine press. He was afraid certainly, but God needed to find him. Look, listen to this. God needed to find Gileian in that state to show himself as the God of the impossible. What's the condition? What's the state that you may find yourself this morning that he wants to show himself as the god of the impossible? &gt;&gt; Do you have an impossible situation this morning that you have to to come to the end of the road that you that you think that there is no way out? Well, he is here. &gt;&gt; He is here today. He's the same God yesterday, today, and forever. He's the same God. Amen. Now, let's go back to David and we have just a few more minutes. Okay? Do you love God? &gt;&gt; Now, we see how David was running from the king. Cuz remember, we need to get to the cave, right? We went all this all this time to get to the cave. I wonder if if sometimes during the time that from being anoint an anointed to getting to the throne the thoughts or voices of doubt came to him. Aren't you the anointed one? Aren't you the king? Aren't you a Christian? Why are you still doing this? Why you still why are you still doing that? That may have been the voices that came to David to attack him and and to make him doubt of the God's of God's calling and he may have been you, you know, he may have been um um you know disappointed like Lord why do I have to go through all this trouble if you already have a king? But it but God was like but you are according to my heart. That's a a very different thing. I don't I I I as the Bible says like that kind of that he will not go with the with the proud in in in all of those like he wouldn't go with those. He will go with the meek with the humble &gt;&gt; in spirit. Amen. My prayer today is that you can recognize that you have been saved, that you have received the Holy Ghost, and that if there is something or a plan for your life that you may not know today, and that obstacles may come, temptations may come, voices may may whisper to your ear that you will never make it. Look at what you did yesterday. that trials may come to try to discourage you, but rest assure he has already made all the provisions for you that the plan of God can be fulfilled. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because that's what he did with David. The plan of God was already before the foundation of the world. It was the the plan was like there's going to be a king that the people is going to be the people's choice but then that's not my choice but then I'm going to let that king to go the route to go south and then I'm going to anoint an a king that is going to be after my heart and that was David was and we we study David and if we study the time when he was anointed as a king to the time when he became a king. It was 15 years. 15 years to transition from being anointed as king to reigning over all of Israel. He was around 15 years old. However, he then spent many years in the service of of King Saul, often fleeing for his life. Just think about it at your workplace of often being attacked. That was David. That was his job. What was his job? He had to play music when that that evil spirit was coming and possessing Saul. That was his job. They will bring him and he will play music for them. And the word and he was like, "But I have a word. I I have been anointed." But just think about it. 15 years and you're going with one day with one sickness and you're disappointed. You're like, "Okay, no. I'm throw throwing the towel. King Saul of offer fleeing for his life as Saul became jealous and fearful of David's growing popularity. And then after Saul's death, David was first anointed king over the tribe of Judah in heaven. It was not even the full kingdom. After 15 years, he became the king, the king of only one tribe. Just one tribe. How come Lord if if supposed to be 12? And then after that what happened after it says which took place in when he was 30 years old is when he became the the kingdom of Judah and seven years seven years later he was anointed king over all of Israel. So 22 years to become the full king. Now let's uh go here to the book of 1 Samuel chapter 21. And um we're going to hurry here a little bit. And it says, "And the servants of Akish said unto him, is not this David the king of the land? Did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying, "Saul had slain his thousands, and David his 10 thousands?" And David laid up this laid up these words in his heart, and was so afraid of Akish, the king of God. But I want you to notice something here. and he changed his behavior before them and feigned himself mad in their hands. In other words, he pretended to be insane and scrabbled on the doors of the gate and left his spittle fall down upon his be his beer. Then said Aish unto his servants, "Lo, ye see the man is mad." In other words, he's he's crazy. Wherefore then have ye brought him on brought him to me? Have I need of mad men? Have ye had brought this fellow to play the madman in my presence? Shall this fellow come into my house? What was happening with David? David was so desperate that he went back to the Philistines. Didn't he just kill or like he had just killed Goliath, part of the Philistines, and now he was going back with them. The same people that he had defeated, he went back to them. I just cannot think of all the persecution he had by the king. We could say the king's complexes were so many that he was obsessed with David's life that he tried and tried to find an occasion to kill him. But let me tell you sometimes we can go so low because of all the pressure within that within that we don't know what to do and find our consolations our consolation in the things that we had destroyed. Here was David that's what he was trying to find consolation with his enemies. If you read that in the book of uh Galatians chapter 2:18, it says, "For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor." Oh, but we can justify David because of all the persecution, all of that. Yes, perhaps we can do that, but it wasn't God's purpose. It wasn't God's plan. And as we just read here, you know, he started acting insane. And many times we do the same. We try to hide our identity as sons and daughters of God or be or because we try to blend in when the Lord has called us to be kings and priests. And still we're we're trying to blend in. Blend into what? To blend in the spirit of this age, an erotic age. Amen. So, I just want to I'm not going to read it here, but like if you study the Psalms, like every Psalm, if you think about Psalms 91, that was not written by David. Fun fact for the kids, it was written by Moses. And then when you go and read all other like other Psalms here, there is Psalms 34. The beginning of Psalms 34, it says, "I I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. You know when was that? When he was with Akish. When he was acting insane, he was still writing, I will bless the Lord at all times. And then in verse 18, the Lord is night unto them that are of a broken heart and a and save such as be of a contrite spirit. Verse 19, many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivered him out of them all. That was David writing when he was with Akish. But now in the message letting off the pressure all this together, brother says this tension building up then the results of it is doing something wrong and acting out of place. If you think about it, people may act and that's where we have to have grace for people. People may act out of place because of the pressure that they are under. That's what he's telling us here that the tension the tension is building up and then people start acting out of place. That's right. It will make it will make the poor and and not only the poor act that way, the middle class act that way. It will make the rich act that way. It will make the wrong act that way. It will make the pretty good act that pretty it will make the pretty good act that way and it will make the good act that way because it is tension steaming up. That's what we're seeing. David was acting the way he was acting because of all the pressure that he was under. So let me tell you something this morning. If you have some pressure this morning, it is okay to have pressure this morning. That's the good news this morning. Why? Because now you can have an example of someone in the scriptures that was acting as a madman, acting like a like as a a person like kind of the saliva was kind of falling from his mouth and and people were like this is the king. What is the king doing? Why is he acting that way? 15 years of persecution. Wouldn't that give him any right to act that way? I will say so. But still he was saying I will bless the Lord at all times. Now everybody it is just becoming a what a neurotic age. Everything is building up that builds up to a place that it breaks up things. It causes people to have hard feelings when they snap them off and say things you don't mean to say. because you are under a lot of pressure. Then your your child comes to you and then you mistreat your kid. It's not his fault, but you mistreat him. Why? Because all that pressure that you can be under. Now, Brother Brandon says, now everybody's guilty of it. I'm guilty. I'm guilty, too. &gt;&gt; We don't We do things under pressure that we wouldn't do otherwise. There is an excess pressure built up today. I believe before I go any any any further I I say this. I believe it is the enemy coming down and pressing I believe it is the devil. Amen. Now it's a beautiful picture that we have here. So that was the picture of David under pressure. There was no way out. What do I have to do now? David, well he had to find a place where to go. First uh Samuel chapter 22 verse 1 and verse 2. David therefore departed tense and escaped to the cave Adel. And if you like to study the meanings of the scriptures, Adelm means refuge. So David went to a place of refuge and not only not only that when you study the word adlam it it is it is kind of two words at olam and that means eternity everlasting. Remember those were types and shadow shadows of something that that was coming right. So, and when his, listen to this, and when his brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down fear to him. And not only his family went with him, but everyone that was in distress, and everyone that was in debt, and everyone that was discontented gathered themselves unto him, and he became a captain over them. And there were with him about 400 men. Now, as we as we kind of read at the beginning after he was pretending to be some someone that he wasn't, he went straight to the cave. And then every time that there is a cave in the scriptures, we got to pay attention to it. Who went to the cave in in in in in another occasion? Elijah. He was so depressed. He was so feeling persecution from Jezebel that he went to the cave. But in the cave is where he received the commission to go back and and and in in the cave is where he he he received food from heaven. &gt;&gt; Everything was in the cave. Now we have David here in the cave. Something needs to happen in the cave. Why a cave and not another city? Well, a a cave. It was a place where he could hide and perhaps find rest from the king's persecution looking you know as we we talk about the meanings refuge that that that is what Adela means and we can say that he found himself in the cave and he found eternity in the cave right why he went to the right place he went to the to the like there was no other place where he could go but to the cave he went to the right place at the right time that the Lord had for him. Amen. Now it not only became a place where he could hide but also when people realized that he was there they joined him. Now if you read here who gather with him his family his brethren and all of his father's house for so many years fleeing from the king fleeing from his family. This was a place of reconciliation in that cave. There was a place for him to be able to reconcile with his father, with his brethren because now David was able to recognize uh excuse me, David's family now they could recognize this is the king of Israel because how will they see him before? as someone that was an outcast, as someone that was good for nothing. But now they were like, well, wait, wait a second. There is something different here. So now the Lord was bringing reconciliation for David and his family. We can say that when we find Jesus, that is a place of reconciliation. It could take a day or it can take years for it to happen. But if you are in the right place at the right time, in the right moment, it's going to happen. A place of reconciliation. His family needed to be reconciled. He was reconciled there with them. Who else was there? People in distress. And if you try to find a definition for people in distress is emotional, social, spiritual, or physical pain or suffering that may cause a person to feel sad, afraid, depressed, anxious, or lonely. That's the people that was with David. They were so tired of everything that was going on and they heard that David was there. So, they went to him. Not only the people in distress but the people in debt. What is debt is like when you owe something or to someone or an entity. How many were dead? We were debt. We were full of debt in our sins and our trespasses and he made a way for us to reconcile. Not only that, but people that were discontented, they are dissatisfied with one's circumstances. That was the type of people that came to David. But it was the people that the Lord needed, the Lord wanted to be there. It was not the best type of people to meet David. It was rough people. They all had the same purpose. They wanted to find refuge. They wanted to find healing. They wanted they wanted to find change. But let me tell you what happened here is that this was the foundation of David's future army. What about you? What about me? I can come to to to to the cave to meet Jesus because now he is my refuge. Now he is my king. Look now who is part of his army? the good for nothing, the rejected ones, the lonely, the dep the depressed, the distressed, the ones that were in debt because of their sins. But there was one in the cave that could turn on the light. &gt;&gt; Are you in the cave this morning that you can say, "Lord, now you can turn the light. You can bring forgiveness. You can bring healing to my heart. You can bring reconciliation." Father for rel relationships that haven't been reconciled for years Lord now I can forgive and I can let go because one thing is forgiving and one thing is reconcil reconciling those are two separate things because people think that when you forgive now now you you have to kind of be in in in communion or talk with the other person that takes time forgiving and then people say forgiving and forgetting you have to forget let me tell you you're still a him and you will still remember. But when you remember the feelings of anger, the feelings of uh pain won't be there anymore &gt;&gt; because now he's come and heal your heart &gt;&gt; and you will still remember because you remember for a testimony but that doesn't mean that when you remember that some somebody did you wrong and I can remember right now you know somebody did me wrong but when I think about that person I I just don't feel any any any anger against them, a any bitterness against them. Why? Because I have forgiven from my heart and then now I can talk to the people. I have I I I can talk to some of that people and that brings reconciliation. That's two different things. So just think about it. Who was making David a king? The brokenhearted. The worst of the worst were the foundation of David's kingdom. No other but him. He's our very present help in the time of trouble. He is the light. He is the king. He is the captain. I can say this morning, we have arrived because now I can go to the cave. I can go to that eternity. I can go to that place of refuge. And I know that when I go there, I'm going to be healed. When I go there, he's going to forgive my sins. When I go there, all my debt is going to be covered. &gt;&gt; They went into the cave hopeless, without direction. But they came out of the cave with a king, &gt;&gt; with a kingdom, and with a purpose. &gt;&gt; Because now they knew who they had to fight for. Now they knew, you know, when David was thirsty, he's like, "Oh, who shall give me to drink from the well of Bethlehem?" Now there was people that was willing to die for their king. &gt;&gt; That was a purpose. There was a kingdom and that was them. The worst of the worst became a a people with a purpose and they became part of that kingdom. &gt;&gt; If you feel hopeless that you cannot go forward anymore here is here to meet your needs. What can you ask that he cannot provide? And we can also say that in the Old Testament that there was a place where they buried their loved ones like Abraham in the in the cave of Mbpella. But that David in other words David had to die to himself to his fears to his complexes and came out as a new man resurrected man. Came out as a king a king made made by whom? By the people that were with him. And that was to fulfill the word that was given by the prophet Samuel that there is going to be king. There is going to be a purpose. There's going to be a kingdom. Amen. But we can bring it now to our time when our Lord died was also put in a cave or in a tomb. Amen. He was also there. And who and who who were who who went there with him. The ones that were dead in their trespasses and their sins, they were there. But he came out as a king of kings and lord of lords. And now we came out with him. And he he he he g he cut cap captivity. He took captivity captive. &gt;&gt; Your captivity. He took it captive for you this morning. Now we are now cre we are now new creatures in him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We have received eternal life. &gt;&gt; From time to time you need to revisit. You need to go back to Adelan to keep dying to yourself until there is nothing nothing left for us but just him this morning. And one more thing before we finish here. It is interesting to know that David was David and his men were in the cave for nine months. Why nine months? After nine long months, they became an army ready to fight for the cause of David. Is a need the time a woman needs to bring forth a child. That's why the Bible says that he that is in Christ is a new creature. &gt;&gt; That's why you go to the cave, you have to be born again. &gt;&gt; You have to receive salvation. You have to be born again. You have to be sanctified, justified, receive the Holy Ghost and be in a relationship with the person of Jesus Christ so that you can come out of that cave with a king, with a purpose, and with a kingdom. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you love him this morning? May he help us this morning to keep pressing on and saying, "Lord, if I have to die to myself this morning, let me die. If if I have to bring all my distresses to you, you know, these type of people that were there, Lord, let I'm part of those But I know that there is a king, that there is a kingdom, and there is a purpose that has to be fulfilled. And if I am part of God's economy, I'm I'm going to make it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you love him this morning? &gt;&gt; Can we just say thank you? Can we just bow our heads and thank the Lord? If the musicians will come, he's a refuge. He is everything to us this morning. If I'm afraid, I can go to him. If I if I'm stressed, I can go to him. Cuz now when I'm in his presence, everything is gone. If you're in your heart there this morning, there is something that you want to bring before him. Would you raise your hand and say, "Lord, there's still things in my life that I need change. There's still things in my heart that I that I need you to work the same the same way you did it with those men. Lord, would you do it for me this morning? That I am part of that kingdom. That I am part part of of that that you are my king. That I have a purpose now to what to fight for this morning. Lord, would you raise your hand there? Will you bow your heart? And will you just say, "Lord, be my king. Provide direction to my life. Be my everything this morning, Father." Lord Jesus, as we r raise our hands and we bow our hearts, Father, we just thank you for the word this morning, Lord. Thank you for your children that have come this this morning, Father. Father, we're grateful that you're our refuge, that we can find help in the time of trouble. Father, we see how David's life was, Lord. 15 years waiting for to receive a kingdom, Father. But now, we don't have to wait more for that time, Father. We have received a kingdom that cannot be shaken, Father. We have received a word that is a sure foundation in our lives, Father. We're grateful for that this morning. Lord, may you help the hearts this morning that have raised their hands, that have a desire in their heart, Father, to be more like you, to go into that cave and to be changed. Father, the same way you did it with David. You did it with Elijah, even with our Lord Jesus. Father, he was resurrected. Father, we want to experience that resurrection every day in our lives, Father. that change that is from glory to glory. Father, until we're taken out of this earth, Lord, we bless your name. We thank you, Jesus. In your name we pray. Amen. You are my refuge. Can we all stand? You are my refuge. &gt;&gt; You are my sanuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. &gt;&gt; Do we raise our hands and say, "Lord, you are my refuge." &gt;&gt; And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing that you are my refuge. Yes, Lord. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing that you are my refuge. Oh, I have found a place I can call my own. here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. Oh, it's here that all my doubts and fears just melt away. Yes, Lord. I lay my burdens down and I look upon your face and you are my refuge. You are my sanuary Lord when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and see that you are my refuge. M I have found a place I can call my own. Yes, Lord. Oh, here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. [Music] Oh, it's here that all my doubts and fears just melt away. Just let go now. Oh, I lay all my burdens down and I look upon your face that you are my refuge. Oh yes, you are my sanuary. Oh, when I feel afraid, Lord, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. Oh, and when the storm is raging, oh, underneath your wings, Lord, I sing that again. Lord, you are you are my refu. You are you are my sanuary, Lord. Even when I feel afraid, Lord, you are your my hiding place. You are my refuge. Oh, and when the storm is raging. Underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Halleluah from the valley. Halleluah from the same who with pain and every heartbeat still lifts his hands to say I will bless the Lord at all times. No matter come what may. Halleluah from the valley I will sing hallelu from the pain. He loves to see praises from his people. Yes, Lord. Oh, he loves to hear thanks from the mountaintops. Oh yes, Lord. But I believe it draws a tear to his face when he hears. Halleluah from the valley. Oh hallelujah from the saint who with pain in every heartbeat still lifts his hands to say I will bless the Lord at all times no matter come what day. Halleluah from the valley. Lord I'll still sing. Halleluah. In the pain. Hallelujah. And he loves to see. Yes, Lord. He loves to see his children prosper. Oh, and he loves to shower them with blessings from above. But when the rain, wherever you're at right now, is pouring down. He's touched by the sound. Hallelujah from the valley. Halleluah from the saint who with pain in every heartbeat still lifts his heads to say I will bless the Lord at all times. No matter come what may hallelujah from the valley I will sing hallelujah halleluah in the pain sing hallelujah this morning oh sing hallelu in the Sing hallelujah through the pain. Lord in the valley and all that I go through. My worship belongs to you. Oh hallelu from the valley. Yes Lord. Halleluah from the saint who with pain and every heartbeat still lifts his head to say I will bless the Lord at all times. No matter come what may. Halleluah. From the valley I'll still sing. Halleluah. In the pain. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Let him be let him be your refuge this week. Every day, every hour, let him let you just run to him. Every time you you find you're in distress, run to him. Amen. He is our rest. He is our portion this morning, isn't he? Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. You may be dismissed in Jesus name. I had this one on my heart as he was ministering. Life is easy when we're up on the mountain. We'll sing that one. Uh the God of the mountain, for the God of the mountains is still God in the valley. Do you believe it this morning when things go wrong? Yes, Lord. Oh, he'll make them right. For the God in the good times is the God in the bad times. The God of the day [Music] is still God in the night. First verse. Oh yes. Oh, life is easy. Yes, Lord, when you're up on the mountain. Oh, and you got peace of mind like you've never known. But then things change. Oh, and you're down in the valley. Yes, Lord. Lord, don't lose faith for you're never alone. Thank you, Lord. Oh, for the God on the mountain is the God in the valleyies. Oh, and things go wrong. Yes, he'll make them right. For the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. For the God of the day, he's still God in the night. Oh, you talk of faith. Oh, when you're up on the mountain. Oh, yes. But talk comes so easy. Yes. When life's at its best. Oh, now it's down in the valleys of trials and temptations. That's where your faith really put to the test. For the God of the mountain [Music] is still God in the valley. Yes, Lord. When things go wrong, oh, he'll make them right. I for the God of the good times. He's still God in the bad times. The God of the day. Oh, it's the God in the night. Oh, for the God on the mountain is the God in the valleyies. Oh, when things go wrong, he'll make them right. For the God of the good times is still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night. God is good all the time. Lord, you put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. Hallelujah. Oh, God is good all the time. First verse. Oh, if you're walking through the valley and the shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you. nor forsake you. Oh, and his word is good. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, you are. Well, God is good all the time. Take it up one. We were sinners, [Music] so unworthy. Yet for us, he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit so we can stand and testify that his love yes lord is everlasting and his mercies oh they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. My God is good. Oh, God is good. Yes, God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Walk in the light, the beautiful light. Oh, shine where the two drops of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Yes, Jesus. The light of the world will walk. Oh, will walk in the light. The beautiful light. Shine where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Oh shine all around us by day and by nightest Jesus the light of the world. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. Oh, the same God whose wonders too many to tell. Oh, the same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. He is. He is the same God who spoke to the women at the well. Oh, the same God whose wonders too many to tell. Oh, the same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he is the same God who's living in me. Sing this one. Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. Oh, my strength from yesterday is gone. But if you give me, Lord, another touch, oh, I'll have the strength to carry on. Lord, you know, Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. Oh, my strength from yesterday is gone. But if you'll give me Lord another touch. Oh, I'll have the strength to carry on. Oh, I thought the sun had come to stay, [Music] but all too soon it went away. And in its place the storm clouds came. And with the clouds there came the rain. [Music] Harding oh so long. But in mid storm I felt the calms the throne. Oh, it was your touch who brought me through it all. Without your help, I'd surely fall. Lord, you know, Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. But if you give me, Lord, another touch, oh, I'll have the strength to carry on. Oh, yesterday has come and gone, and now a new day's coming on. I do not know what it may bring, but cry instead of seeing. It matters not what comes my way. Oh Lord, if you'll just touch me each new day. [Music] Your loving touch drives all my fears away. Close by your side. I want to stay. Oh [Music] Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. Yes, Lord. Oh, my strength from yesterday is gone. But if you give me another touch, I'll have the strength to carry on. [Music] Let's go to key of F. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. [Music] I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. [Music] I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. [Music] I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. All praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Come on. [Music] Heat. [Music]
