################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-05 - 2025.10.05 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - His Thoughts Towards Us - Paul LaFontaine.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-05
Title:    2025.10.05 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - His Thoughts Towards Us
Speaker:  Paul LaFontaine
Church:   Literal Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hq-DP9RaBI0
========================================

Description:
0:00 Preservice Worship
2:59 Opening Prayer
3:20 Preservice Worship
20:48 Choir Special - Thou, Oh Lord
26:12 Preservice
28:04 Sermon
1:45:56 Postservice Worship
1:48:55 Closing Prayer
1:51:15 Postservice Worship
1:55:36 Postservice
1:56:29 Postservice Worship
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Let's sing that verse. I have a maker. I have a maker. He formed my heart before before even time began. My life was in his hands. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. And he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call singing that I have a father. I have a father. He calls me his own. He calls me his own. He'll never never leave you. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows. He knows my name. Yes, he knows. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me well. One more time I call. Oh, he knows. He knows my name. Oh, thank you, Lord. He knows my end. every thought before you even pray. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Amen. Lord Jesus, we thank you so much for another opportunity to gather in your presence and worship you and be alongside the body, Lord. and we love you so much. We pray that you would just bless this sermon, this worship service, and just speak to our hearts today, Lord, in a special way. Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Will you stand up with me? Let's let's sing that old song at the cross, the chorus. At the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy. Oh, one more time. At the cross, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. And it was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Let's sing this one. You ask me why I'm happy and I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I'll say, my sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Let's do the next one. Was at the old time altar when God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. Amen. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. And when Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I am glad my sins are gone. Why don't you go greet everybody today? They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. Let's have the band play it. Let's go greet each other. Amen. They're under. Oh, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, praise God, my sins are gone. Praise God, my sins are gone. Amen. Amen. Let's pull up that song, sufficient for today. Sing if you know it, sing it with me. If you don't, please pay attention to these words cuz it is it so moving. There may be storms that will move out the way and trials will come to only test my faith. What I've learned about your favor, your mercy, and your grace is they go on forever is sufficient for today. Let's do the next verse. When I'm worried about tomorrow, I won't be overwhelmed. And the burdens that I've carried, I will choose to lay them down. Cuz what I've learned about your favor, your mercy, and your grace is they go on forever. They're sufficient for singing. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's sufficient for today. One more time. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're sufficient for today. In the joy and in the sorrow, I find you just the same. And behind my darkest mornings, there's a peace I can't explain. Amen. I'm so grateful for your favor, for your mercy, and your grace. Cuz they go on forever. They're sufficient for us. Sing hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's sufficient for today. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They're sufficient for today. Amen. Sing. One day I'll finally see you and my faith will be my sign and all my present sufferings will be gone and left behind. Amen. I'll be standing in your favor, your mercy, and your grace. Cuz they go on forever. They still they still go on forever. Oh, they still go on forever. Oh, glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah. All glory. All glory to your name. Amen. You may have your seats as they bring up the the prayer requests this morning. Let's sing uh sing that song. Because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Oh Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Let's sing that again. Oh, because of who you are, I give you glory. Oh, we give you glory because of who you are. I give you praise in all that we do because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh Jehovah Gyra, you're my proider. Amen. Jehovah na Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Sho, we need you, Lord. My prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Oh Lord, I worship you because of who you are. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of the praise. It makes me want to shout, "Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of the praise. universe. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. full of the glory and all of the honor and all of the praise. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all the praise." Let's try this one. I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Amen. Nobody told me nobody told me the road would be easy. And I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me one more time. Oh, I can't give up now. I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy. And I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me. Let's sing a verse of that. Oh, there will be mountains that I will have to climb. Amen. And there will be battles that I will have to fight. But victory or defeat, it's up to me to decide. Oh, how can I expect to win if I never try? Oh, I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy. And I don't believe he brought me this far. Let's sing it again. Can we have the choir come up? Let's get the choir up here. Oh, I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Nobody told me that the road would be easy. And I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me one more time. I just can't give up now. I just can't give up now. I've come too far from where I've started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy. And I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me. No, I don't believe. No, I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me. No, no, I don't. I don't believe he brought me this far to leave me. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. that trouble me. Many are they that rise up against me. Any be which say of my soul there is no help for him in God Lord are a shield for me my glory and the lifter of My hand a shield for me. My glory and the lifter of my hand. Thou alone are a shield for me. My glory of my Lord are a shield for me. My glory and deliver of my hand. I cry to the Lord. Heat. Heat. Jesus my shield for me my glory. Heat. Heat. to me of my Lord. are a shield are a shield shield for me. My glory and the lifter of my glory. Oh Lord, I see I receive you for me. My glory and the lifter of my Lord, I receive my shield for me. My glory and the return of my hand. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Praise be to God. reminding us of David's psalm that he's a shield for us. Can you say amen? Lifter of our head, a protector, and he is really the only protector in this day. We can do what we can to protect ourselves and we do what we can, but he's our ultimate protector. And thank you choir. We've been asking for them to sing a little bit more. And so we're blessed this morning to worship with them as they lead us into worship. We appreciate so much uh their their gifts and given to God. I was just looking at all of them and seeing the the lives dedicated to the Lord. See the the sisters looking such an expression of the holiness of God and we appreciate that. A lot of singers out there, but we appreciate those that have a life that goes with the song. Praise the Lord. Want to welcome the Ruths with us. They're a part of our congregation, but they're not around a lot. And uh you're welcome to come anytime and be around a lot more. You guys, we appreciate you from Iowa. God bless you and for being with us this morning. And some other visitors. The Lord be with each and every one of you. It's a blessed day to serve the Lord. Amen. It's a blessed day to be a Christian &gt;&gt; and uh we're just very looking forward to sharing in the word of God together. I don't think there's any other announcements except to thank uh brother Boaz and sister Mary and brother Ryan, sister Haley, and also all their other helpers for putting on such a lovely day yesterday. Such a nice day, but also a nice dinner. Thank you, Boaz. Thank you, Miriam. We appreciate it. Amen. Wonderful, wonderful time of fellowship and the activities and also the food as well. Whoever did all that food, you're certainly right down my line. That's for sure. Praise the Lord. Can we stand together this morning and turn our Bibles to Jeremiah Jeremiah 29? We'll read a portion of scripture here that we just moved upon here the last couple weeks of the Lord and want to say some encouraging words to you this morning. You know, sometimes we just need a word of encouragement &gt;&gt; and I'd like to give that if the Lord allow me this morning. And also in the meantime, maybe give the devil a real black eye. And uh I think this will do it for sure. Jeremiah 2029 and we'll start reading together. God bless you all. God bless your musicians. Thank you all the offices and helps in the church of God. We appreciate it so much. Jeremiah 29 and verse one. Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem under the residue of the elders which were carried away captives and to the priests and to the prophets and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon. After that, Jonaniah the king and the queen and the Unix and the princes of Judah and Jerusalem and the carpenters and the smiths were departed from Jerusalem by the hand of Elasa the son of Sha Shaina and Gariah the son of Hilka whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, saying, Thus sayith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, unto all that are carried away captives whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon. God himself says that actually I allowed this this captivity. I allowed this. Uh there are things that happen in our lifetime that are self-inflicted. There are things that happen in our lifetime that other people inflict upon us. There are things that happen in our life that circumstances cause. And then there's the bigger thing of when God allows something and God is taking a little bit of ownership here, saying that that I carry I carried you away to Jerusalem unto Babylon. Build ye houses and dwell in them and plant gardens and eat the fruit of them. Take ye wives and begott sons and daughters and take wives for your sons and give your daughters to husbands that they may bear sons and daughters that they may be increased there and not diminished. and seek the peace of the city, whether I've caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the Lord for it. For in the peace thereof shall ye have peace. For thus sayaith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, let not your prophets and your divi divers that be in the midst of you, deceive you, neither hearken to their to your dreams, which he caused to be dreamed. For they prophesy falsely unto you in my name. I have not sent them, sayaeth the Lord. I feel the Lord is saying that when you're there uh marry wives, have children, and and get the best peace out of the thing that you can and uh live as best as you can, but be aware of the false prophecies among among us that rise up. Be aware of them. And then he goes into this verse 10, for thus sayaeth the Lord, that after 70 years be accomplished at Babylon, I will visit you and perform my good word toward you in causing you to return to this place. You can imagine when this letter is being read to those in Babylon, they're beginning to rejoice in their heart cuz God's giving a timeline and saying, "I'm not going to leave you there for forever. I'm going to deliver you out of your captivity." I imagine that felt good. But you know what? This goes even deeper. Verse 11, for I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end. Isn't it good to know the thoughts that God thinks towards us? &gt;&gt; Yes. Then shall you call upon me, and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and you shall seek me and find me, when you shall search with me with all of your heart. And I will be found of you, sayaeth the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whether I have driven you, sayaeth the Lord, and I will bring you again into the place whence I cause you to be carried away captive. Amen. And heavenly father, we ask Lord that you will be mindful of this this morning as we have gathered together Lord of this most important moment. Everything in our lives Lord revolves around the revelation that you deposit to our hearts. And Lord, what we can receive here, Lord, would be influential to every other question and every other thing and every problem, everything Lord that we don't understand, Lord, this this would be a channel this morning that you could use in order to speak to us. And so I pray, Father, you'll take each life into your hands. We pray that Lord we would be able to move our other thoughts and things away from us this morning and we be able to look into your face and look into you Lord and and and reach out in seeking you and say something is this promise to Israel said if you seek me then you will be found of me and Lord we hold on to that promise our hearts seek after you this morning and we pray father that whatever is wrong that you will make right and correct it by your word we pray father that you'll minister minister to each one, those that are tired from laboring yesterday, Lord, and serving. May you bless them for their uh reward them for their sacrifices and labors, Lord, and be with them. We pray. Also ask you to help me, Lord. A little sickness here, a little bit of cold and some others in the congregation, some that couldn't sing in the choir and uh the enemy just trying to hold them back with sickness. And Lord, maybe some others are feeling it this morning. And I just pray that you'll bring your healing balm, your healing touch to us this morning. Father, may you minister to every life that's here, whether through physically or emotionally or spiritually. Lord, you provide that place for us this morning. And we'll give you glory for it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. It must have been quite a wonderful moment for Israel or those that were in captivity to hear these words from the prophet of God through a letter and to hear uh I guess I'll call it a spoken word book being read from the prophet and it was sent from the prophet Jeremiah and they were listening to what he said in this letter and they had heard from Jeremiah's letter before they even left actually Jeremiah was already prophesying of uh a rebuke because he was giving the reasons why that the armies of Babylon were going to come in and take you captive. And a lot of it was because of Israel's rebellion because they had turned away from the Lord. They had turned to idols. And so the people had heard from the prophet many things about rebuke and many things about their uh why they got into this trouble. They had heard the prophet Jeremiah speak these things and they had heard about their mistakes and they had heard the reasons why they went into Babylon. They had heard the path that they took over many years that got them into this state of being exiled into Babylon. And a true prophet of course would not hold back that rebuke. A true prophet will tell us uh where we're wrong. A true prophet will rebuke and and a matter of fact God uses them to rebuke the entire nation when a nation has left God. There's a dispensational rebuke that comes from a prophet. And there are many things that are corrected and many things that are said that nobody else will say that a prophet will say. Uh I've grown in my experience to love that part of God speaking through a prophet. I don't run from that at all because I know as I was telling the young people Friday night and trying to encourage them to listen to the prophet of this age because I know that when you look at the conditions of our time and you look at uh the the the conditions similar to the days of Noah, the conditions similar to the days of Sodom and when you you can see what conditions are there, there's one conclusion that we need and that is please God send us a prophet. And so you can you can bulk at that all you want to, but when you know the conditions, you'll look through the Bible, you say, "There's one thing we needed. We needed a voice of a prophet to speak and God to speak through him." And so with that, you of course have the rebuke and to many things that being uh showing where you got off track and and so a true prophet would not hold back that rebuke and we thank God for that. And he actually gave the exact time when it would end uh their captivity. So he's given a time frame of 70 years. There was another false prophet there that uh gave another prophecy. Uh while he said that, he said, "You're going to be there 70 years and I'm going to bring you back." And another false prophet was there. And while he he said, "No, no." And and maybe this false prophet was being influenced by some of them who were standing there listening, some of Israel, some of the people saying, "My 70 years, uh uh you know, my are are you sure? Uh, you know, Jeremiah, are you sure? Is it is it that long? That's a long time. And maybe out of the emotions of the people, Haniah said, "No, no, no, no, no. I'm prophesying it's going to be only 2 years." And maybe he was catering to the emotions of the people who did not want to hear. 70 years is a long time. My goodness, I don't know if we can make it that long. And so, another prophet comes and says something different in order to cater maybe to the people's emotions. say, and he prophesies just as strong. Two years, you'll only be there two years and God will bring you out. I'm telling you friends, we live in the same time when there's many other voices that's saying something opposite of what the prophet of the hour says. And maybe it's because they didn't want to hear that long. And yet in this letter was a personal message for his elect, those that are in Babylon. He said, "I'm going to bring you back to Jerusalem. Like I said, I'm going to gather you together. I'm going to gather you from all the places that you have been scattered and I'm going to bring you back to Jerusalem. There's going to be a remnant come back and I'm going to bring you back. I will remember you. And at the end of 70 years, there's going to be a time and and when that time strikes, there's going to be a shout. There's going to be a voice. There's going to be a trump. Those of you who know the scriptures for the last days know what I'm talking about. And the first thing he does in the coming of the Lord is there's a shout. And he says a shout is to gather them together. We've had a shout. Can you say amen? A shout is a message and it's the beginnings of our exit out of this earth. &gt;&gt; He said there's going to be a shout. There's going to be a voice. There's going to be a trump. And when that begins to happen, your time, your days are limited there in Babylon. I'm going to deliver you. In other words, in this one sentence, God begins to speak his redemption to his people. In that one sentence, he's bringing redemption and grace. Now, grace after his temporary punishment to the people for them being rebellious and them being making mistakes and all of the fruits that they were reaping because of their mistakes, then God has redemption. And if you read through your Bible, every time there's a a judgment that takes place, he's always giving a little measure of grace for those who want to come. Even when he said at Noah's day, I'll destroy this whole earth. I'll destroy man whom I've created. I'll just throw it in the trash. I'll start all over. Even with that, Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord. You will always find the threat of redemption in every one of God's judgments. Something for people to say, "He's speaking to me. He's calling me to grace when it doesn't look like there's no grace." And then this this expression he says this 70 years and then the messenger or the message or the letter says these words I know the thoughts that I have towards you. They get a window into what God really thinks about them. Now listen friends, there's nothing greater than when God reveals what he's thinking about you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And God has to do it because there are so many different ideas and so many things that we think of ourselves and there's so much guilt that goes with our mistakes that we start to think in our mind and we're wondering what God thinks about us. And so now God says, "I know the thoughts that I have towards you." And guess what? They at that time did not know the the real thoughts that God had towards them. But he said, 'I know the thoughts that I have towards you. And the people get start to get a little window into go what God really thinks of them. And in this it's he says,"I know all the thoughts I have, thoughts of peace and not of evil. And that I would give you an expected end." And so in these thoughts, they begin to go a window into what God really thinks of them. And it's not his anger. It's not his rebuke. It's not his temporary judgment. It's his real thoughts, eternal thoughts about his elect. And his eternal thoughts are greater than temporary judgments that he brings. His eternal thoughts, they are eternal. And if they're eternal, they never did begin. They never will end. He will always think that way about his elect. It will never change. &gt;&gt; His thoughts are greater. There's m, you know, there's nothing more than we desire to hear what God thinks of us. How many would raise your hand and say, "I want to know what God thinks of me." And his thoughts are greater than the temporary state that we're in. How many believe that his thoughts are greater than the temporary state that we're in? And at the end of all this, at the end of all this, it's it's not what you think that God thinks about you. It's not what others think about you. It's not what you think God thinks about you. It's not what others think. And it's not even about what your thoughts are about yourself. &gt;&gt; I think I need to say that again. &gt;&gt; We're we're dealing at a deeper level here. At the end of all this, it's not about what you think God thinks cuz we can put thoughts in God's mind &gt;&gt; and we can try to figure out what is God thinking about me. Is this I did this and and we we we always jump towards to trying to figure it all out. But we don't need to figure out God's thoughts. He can reveal them to us on his own. And many times it's very surprising. But at the end of the day, at the end of all this, it's not what you think God thinks. It's not what you think about yourself. It's not what others think about you. It's not what conclusions that you have made about yourself, the church, the message. It's not about that. It's about what God's thoughts are. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Thank you. Somebody said, "Preach." And I'm going to do that today. &gt;&gt; If I can get enough sycams, I'm going to preach. &gt;&gt; His thoughts are greater than the temporary. It's, you know, it's not what you think of yourself. It's not what others think of you. And it's certainly not what the devil thinks of you. &gt;&gt; He's like the last on the list. His thoughts are not even considered. And yet, how many times do we allow him to speak to our minds his thoughts about us? &gt;&gt; But his thoughts shouldn't even be considered. &gt;&gt; They're not even in the equations. So for Israel now, excuse me, before their rebellion, before their mistakes, and it took years to go into idolatry until God said, "Okay, that's enough. You're going to go into captivity. Nebel's going to come and take you. You're going to go into captivity." Before that happened, there was mistakes. There was rebellion. But before the rebellion, before the mistakes, before the bondage in Babylon, before a life uh uh before a life that was no longer perfect, but it was unrighteous and not perfect. Before that, there was God's before all of that, there was God's thoughts of Israel. Before the mistakes is God's thoughts and God's thoughts was greater than all of that. That's what he really thought of them. That thought, that thought of God, the thoughts of God would raise them after 70 years because the thought was greater than their bondage. The thought of God was more powerful than the state that they were in. And that thought eventually kicked in and it begin to raise the people in a resurrection, raise them out of their bondage, raise them out of the situation they're in. And that thought had an expected end to it. So, it would raise them to that. And it's amazing now here it's a 70-year time period. Now you say, you know, brother Steven's true, he's great at the numbers in the scripture and goes through that with us sometimes in the class. But you see now I just thought of that. I looked up. I said, "What's the average lifespan?" Here's the 70 years they were in Babylon. And and globally, we're at about 73 years. The average lifespan of a person globally used to be a lot shorter. Now it's up to 73. That's the average lifespan. So, mom, you are well past that and you are doing fantastic. Let's give her a hand this morning. Amen. It's interesting. It was 70 and that's about how many years we have on this earth. And our years on this earth, it's our life and in that life is our story. And guess what? Every one of your stories is different. &gt;&gt; And the interesting thing about it, every story is different. Every background is different. And the whole redemption story is different. Every one of you have a testimony. &gt;&gt; And the the interesting thing about it is many of us do not like our story. &gt;&gt; We're some of us are bitter about our story. &gt;&gt; We don't like it. And also, if we're really weak and don't see the plan of God, we would rather have somebody else's story than ours. We actually are are jealous over somebody else's story. I wish I had their story. I wish I could have had a grown up in a Christian home. I wish I wasn't abused like this. I wish I could have it like this. And we're always comparing oursel to somebody usually that we think would had a little bit more perfect life. But listen now, none of us have had a perfect life. &gt;&gt; All of us have flaws. &gt;&gt; I didn't give a strong amen on the second one, but news flash. All of us have flaws. All of us were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, speaking lies. All of us were unacceptable to God when we were born. Even if we were if we were born in a Christian family, we were unacceptable to God. And all the potential that made somebody go murder somebody and go on drugs and commit adultery. All the potential to do that. You may not have done that, but all the potential is in you to do all of that. So which is worse, the person who does it or the person who has all the potential to do it. That's why this politics and whoever says that they are going to be the the greatest president to fix all these things. My friend, you can't fix any of this violence until you change the heart of a man. Can you say amen? Unless you deal with a soul and a chained nature, you'll never stop all of this. Although I appreciate the extra work that's being done to bring a little bit more law and order and make people responsible. I appreciate that. But for someone to boast and say, you know, after 2 or 3 thousand years, we're going to bring peace in the Middle East and we're going to be the ones that do does it and we're going to settle this. That's that's arrogance. I like the the old song by the Imperials said, "There will never ever be peace until God is seated at the conference table." &gt;&gt; Oh, there's a peace coming, but it won't be through Trump. &gt;&gt; Won't be through the Democrats. Won't be through the Republicans. I'm the one guy that actually got to step in. Trump thinks he's the one, but it's in scripture. It's the Antichrist that's going to come to try to solve all the problems. And it's going to look so good that everybody's going to go after it. This is so good. Here's our man. We thought it was Trump, but no. The Bible says it's the Antichrist. &gt;&gt; And it will embody a man &gt;&gt; that's going to have the answer to fix everything. &gt;&gt; But you can't fix things properly until you fix the problem in the soul. And all of you were born with the same potentials to do all those things wrong. That's why if you can say amen to what Jesus said, you must be born again. I said you must be born again. Young person, you must be born again. Don't try to smear on the outside without saying, God, I need a new birth. I need a change in my life. &gt;&gt; You need the Holy Ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so, you know, when we look at our story and we would like to trade our story with someone else and and and through all of it, through all of it, we think about things, which is which is where we're off track, we try to fix things and we get bitter about our story. And uh if we love God and have an honor for God, then we also we wonder what God is really thinking of us because of our flaws and because of our mistakes, because of our weaknesses. We we try to fix things. We try to think it through. We get bitter sometimes about it. People finish their lives. Just bitter people because they're they're they're thinking through why did I do this? Why did I why did my life turn out this way? Why did this person do this to me? They've destroyed my life. They've ruined my life. I've ruined my life. Other people have ruined my life. And even some say, "God, God has ruined my life cuz God didn't step in." &gt;&gt; It gets pretty bad. Bitterness gets pretty bad when you start turning your blame towards God. &gt;&gt; And so then we say, "I wonder what God, if he allows this, what is he really thinking of us?" And that's a good question. And not a lot of people ask that, but I think people who have a concern, they want to know what God is thinking. They want to know his thoughts. I think that's a good thing. And he knows the thoughts that he has toward you. They were already established before the foundation of the world. And they have not changed. If God has you in his thoughts or were you were a thought of God, that thought cannot change because I'm going to read it in a minute. It's his eternal thoughts of us. And something that's eternal doesn't have a beginning or doesn't have an ending. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; That's pretty good. &gt;&gt; Something that's eternal does not have a beginning, does not have an ending. And and so whatever happens here in your story has to work around the thoughts of God and eventually become subject to what God thought of you. &gt;&gt; Can you say praise the Lord? Amen. &gt;&gt; Whatever your story is, it eventually has to end up a redemption and it has to be subject to what God thought of you. &gt;&gt; It's a wonderful scripture in Psalms 139 verse 17 and 18. How precious are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. Psalms 139:17. How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand. When I awake, I am still with thee. How precious are his thoughts towards me. Is that an encouragement to you this morning? I have thoughts toward you. I know what I'm thinking about you. I have thoughts of good and not evil. I have thoughts of not just good, but they're thoughts of peace. They're they're thoughts that will bring you to an expected end. and everything that happens is going to work around that thought of God. Uh uh so so now going back to Israel in in Babylon hearing this it must have been encouraging to hear this part that they heard that the the prophet like he did in this hour when he began to say in this hour we were in his thoughts before the foundation of the world. The only difference today in Jeremiah 29 is not just what God knows his thoughts he thinks towards us. But but at the end time we begin to know the thoughts he thinks towards us. I'm going to tell you what the thoughts are. In other words, God's saying at the end time, I'm going to I'm going to I'm not just going to say I know the thoughts that I have toward you like he said through Jeremiah, but I'm going to begin telling you the thoughts that I have. And now now there's so many things and I don't want to spend a lot of time on this but but he starts to break open that revelation in the last couple years of the ministry of the prophet. You are the elected seed. That means when he says see that means you're the you're God's offspring. &gt;&gt; You're God's family. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So you're not just someone else but you're God's family. And if you're in his thought, that seed thought, then you are seed of God when you're born into this earth. Then there then that thought can be changed. That's what he thought of you. That's what he thinks of his elect. And that you are a seed as offspring. And notice, listen, he didn't think of us. His thoughts were of us. In other words, it does it's not like we okay, I had a thought and and and God thought a thought of Stevie and God thought a thought of Bren and I. I thought of them. So I now I'm going to predestinate them to come and I I I I did. No, no, no. It's that's not how God's thoughts work. He didn't think of us because that would be a beginning. His thoughts are of us. &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; See, we always look at these things and put our mind with God's mind. But see, if he called us, he says, I'm going to read it in a minute. We are the eternal thoughts of God. You're an attribute of God that was in his mind before the foundation of the world, before the beginning. Matter of fact, there was no bidding to beginning to that. He didn't think of us. His thoughts were of us. Listen. And then because his thoughts are us, his whole plan, the whole plan of God, all creation, all things he created had a source of inspiration. The earth, the moon, the stars, this earth, everything, it had an inspiration behind it. And guess who that inspiration was? It was you, my brother and sister. &gt;&gt; Everything that he did revolved around his thoughts of you. &gt;&gt; This earth was created for his sons and daughters. &gt;&gt; Somebody else owns it now, but we're going to get it back. &gt;&gt; That's what redemption. Praise the Lord. And all these uh, you know, Russia, everybody's fighting over land. Just let them go ahead and fight. It belongs to me. It belongs to you. Let them fight over it all they want to. There's coming a day that God will remove all the evil spirits from this earth. All the dictators, all the arrogant ones, and then he's going to say, "I didn't give this to you. I gave it to my bride and now I'm handing it back. This earth will belong to his bride in a millennium." Everything that was created, everything that w that he was doing his was revolved around his thoughts of us. His even his pressing through to go to Calvary, what was inspiring him? What was driving him? What made him lay down even his sunship? Brother Bram said he laid his sunship down to go to the cross. But what was his inspiration? The Bible said he for the joy that was set before him endured the cross. Who was that joy? It was you, my brother and sister. &gt;&gt; Everything that God was doing in his word was to have the end result, the expected end to bring his thoughts into manifestation. And you are those thoughts. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, you can imagine why I could say, "I don't care what you think of yourself. I don't care what the devil told you this week. He thinks about you. I don't care what your life has been. Every one of us have a story, but I'm telling you, if you're in the thought of God, it trumps everything. &gt;&gt; I hate to use the word trump. It just But God's thoughts will trump everything." Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, you know, a lot of you have might be saying, "I've heard this preached before. I've heard this preached for years." Well, it's time to start living in a way. &gt;&gt; It's time to stop saying, "Well, I'm in the message. I've heard that." It's time to start saying, "Lord, give me a real deeper revelation when I walk every day that I'm not just another human being. By flesh, I am. I've got a sticky flesh. But by by representation, by what's inside me, I was in his thoughts before the world was formed. &gt;&gt; No wonder I love the word. No wonder I'm here saying amen to the word. No matter, brother. No wonder, brother Paul, this bigger preacher is there saying things, but I'm not registering with brother Paul. I'm registering what what he's saying. There's something in me saying that's me. &gt;&gt; That's my husband speaking to me. &gt;&gt; No wonder. It's because something on the inside is registering and connecting. &gt;&gt; It's that attribute of God. &gt;&gt; It's that attribute of God. It's that thought of God that he deposited. He for the joy set before him. How many can say praise the Lord. He endured the cross and his motivation was you. his offspring, his family, his relationship, relationship back with his children was greater than anything that was going on in earth. &gt;&gt; They were eternal thoughts. So they had no beginning. They always were in his mind. It's not, well, I thank God he eventually thought of me that night at the altar. I thank God that he thought of me and he brought me in. It's much deeper than that. It's not, well, I thank God he eventually thought of me. I feel special. No, this revelation is deeper. I thank God. I'm an eternal thought of God and I heard the call of my father. &gt;&gt; Here's just one of the many places he begins to break this now. Then in the church age book, now then here we are coming to a conclusion. As the eternal logos, God was manifested in the son and in Jesus dwelt all the fullness of the godhead bodily and that eternal one was the father manifest in flesh and thereby gain the title of son. Even so we eternal in his thoughts in our turn became the many membered spoken word seed manifest in flesh and those eternal thoughts now manifest in flesh are the sons of God even as we are so-called. We did not become seed by the rebirth. We were seed and therefore were reborn for only the elect can be reborn. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." We didn't become the father's children at the new birth. We just recognized who we are at the new birth. We were always his seed. We were always his offspring. You're not going to hear that in most churches this Sunday morning. And I don't belittle them. I say, "Thank God for me hearing from my father to tell me his thoughts towards me." And his thoughts is, "You didn't get saved at the night at the altar." That's when you identified. That's only when you recognize I'm a son of God. There's something in me saying amen to the word of God. &gt;&gt; We didn't become seed by the rebirth. We were seed. And therefore, we're reborn. For only the elect can be reborn because we were see because we were seed is the reason we could be quickened. In non seed there's nothing to quicken. Hold this carefully in your mind. Now take the next step. Redeem means to bring back. It restores to the original owner. God. So many churches sing about redemption. They don't even know what it means. Redeem means to bring something back that already was there. &gt;&gt; Redeem doesn't say take some new product or some new thing and that's not redemption. That's buying something new. redeemers that you always were. You went into the pawn shop and God come and paid the price and got you out of the pawn shop. He had you in the beginning. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." You were already his in the beginning. You fell and God came and redeemed you back. &gt;&gt; You always were. My He said he spoke he brought back the spoken word. Oh, I got I'm passing here. Redeem means to bring back. It restores the original owner. God by his death, the shed blood brought back his own. He brought back the the uh spoken word seed bride. My sheep hear my voice and they follow me. You always were a sheep. You never were a pig or a dog turned into a sheep. &gt;&gt; That is impossible for every kind of life produces the same kind and there's no change in the species as you know they try to mix those. There's they've never been able to mix those. You can't change the species. If you were that species to start with, you're always that species. &gt;&gt; As we were in the thoughts of God and then expressed in flesh, there had to come a day when we would hear his voice, the word, and hearing that voice, become aware of our father calling us, and recognize that we are the sons of God. We heard his voice, and we cried out as did the prodal son, save me, oh my father. I am returning to thee &gt;&gt; you know what's behind the revelation of the prodical son not just one of your sons or daughters just has went astray. It's predestination. &gt;&gt; Cuz they forget to preach it that he was already in the father's house. &gt;&gt; I said he was already in the father's mind. He was in the father's house. He was a son. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he strayed away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Blew up every bit of inheritance he had and he was in the pig pin and he just said, "What in the world am I doing?" &gt;&gt; How many of you raise your hand to all these people? Maybe they're discouraged cuz they're in the pig pin now. How many raise your hands? I was in the pig pin. I was the prodal and I was starting to think this isn't me. I'm trying to act like all these smokers and drinkers and and and and and living in adultery and fornication and I'm trying to act like them for 20 years of my life. I have wasted my life. But there's something in me calling out is saying this is not me. How many raise your hand? That's what you felt. &gt;&gt; And the very reason you're starting to feel that is because you were something else from the beginning and you're hearing a call back to be who you really are. That's the gospel. &gt;&gt; That's the good news. &gt;&gt; That's a That's a the revelation of the new birth on steroids. &gt;&gt; Not going to hear the new birth like that too much in many churches, but it's in the Bible. Read Ephesians 1. I predestinated you to be conformed. I predestin you to be sons and he could predestinate us because we were in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. So through these quotes and I've got a hundred of them I can read besides this but through these quotes at the end time we can begin saying I know the thoughts he has about me. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The ones in Babylon couldn't say that. They didn't know the thoughts, but they could hear God say, which felt very good. I know the thoughts that I have for you. You have an expected in, I'm bringing you out because my thought says you've got to come out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; But today, through these quotes and through the word being open to us at the end time, we can say, "I know the thoughts that he has towards me." You can leave this morning the service saying, "I know a little bit more of what God thinks of me." That's that's powerful, friends. If it's a revelation, you're going to walk different. You're going to talk different. You're going to be like that slave that was acting so confident as he's in chains and he's standing tall and he's but he's in chains, but he knows who his father is back in Africa. and he's conducting himself like he's the king's son from a tribe that's the king and he's in the lineage and the offspring of the king and he's in chains and he's acting like a son of a king now soon as we look at this if we look at it carnally we we start to inject our own thoughts into it I don't know maybe you have this morning and That's why I'm going to preach a little bit is that it's our thoughts that interrupt these thoughts of God to us. &gt;&gt; It's our stinking thinking. &gt;&gt; It's when we we begin to try to figure it out. And as soon as we start to hear these, we start to inject our own thoughts and we're trying to think it through. Now, how how does this work and how do and an analytical person, maybe an engineer type mind, they they've got to know how it works. And and they and so a real highly educated mind will have a harder time receiving the thought that God really didn't ask us to figure out his thoughts. God really didn't ask us to figure it all out. He asked us to believe it. &gt;&gt; And any more understanding that would come, he would like to bring through revelation to our hearts that we know it by revelation and not by that we figured it all out. &gt;&gt; Right? Because I probably could safely say, you're not going to figure out all the thoughts of God &gt;&gt; because he always end up acting different than the way we thought he should act. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm I'm trying to keep this encouraging. &gt;&gt; I promise my kids today is going to be an encouraging message. But I have to think about our own minds a little bit interrupting and start to think, well, if I'm a if I'm a thought of God, then why didn't God just skip all of this and just bring me the way that I was originally and we can all be one big happy family on earth as Adam and Eve was? And once again, you're trying to think it through. Why couldn't I skip my story? Why couldn't we skip this earth? Why couldn't we skip all of this perversion around us? And why couldn't I be placed right as a thought of God on this earth the way? Well, you know, it was headed in that direction, but something interrupted it. &gt;&gt; Sin, unbelief. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram says that Adam and Eve would have spoke their children into existence as God did. would be no labor pains, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Sisters can say, "Oh, praise the Lord. That would have been nice." &gt;&gt; There would be no nine months and of not getting sleep cuz you're in pain. And then you have the baby, you think you're going to get sleep after that. And then you don't get sleep for about 10 years. &gt;&gt; It's not quite that long, but seems like it. No menopause. &gt;&gt; No menopause. &gt;&gt; Why couldn't you know why couldn't it happen that way? And then now now we expand into a whole another thing that's difficult for us to understand about God allowing. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. Because God allowed a fallen realm and a place to be made that he might manifest his thoughts because you can't stay a thought. Of course, you have to be manifested. &gt;&gt; It's how we were manifested and the way we were manifested that is what we don't understand. Sometimes we would have chosen more perfection. we would have chosen this keeping at perfection. We You know what? I got to preach another sermon because we're we're too bent on looking for perfection. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; We look for it on this earth. We look for it in other people. We expect it out of our children. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Usually, we expect it out everybody else except ourselves. But there are a lot of people that expect it out of themselves and they wear themselves out and they're looking for this unrealistic perfection in these bodies and in this life. &gt;&gt; And sometimes it takes people years to settle into the fact we're in a broken world. We're in a torn world. We're in an evil world. We're in a vile world. &gt;&gt; And because of that, things will not always go to a state of perfection. We are not to have that unrealistic thing of us coming. There's some people even preach it this way. They preach the baptism of the Holy Ghost as as some type of perfection that you hit one night at an altar and all of a sudden now you're like an angel floating around and you don't have any problems anymore. &gt;&gt; That's not Bible teaching. &gt;&gt; The difference when you receive a new birth, the Holy Ghost, the difference is is you receive for the first time the power of the to overcome. Brother Bram was asked a question. I might have mentioned this Wednesday night. Brother Brandham was asked, "Can a person who has the Holy Ghost be tempted to do some things sometimes uh even though he has the Holy Ghost?" And brother Bam says, "Oh yes." He said, "That's when that's when the battle begins." &gt;&gt; The devil just left you alone. Now you got the Holy Ghost. Now you're his target &gt;&gt; and you're going to be tempted and you're going to fall to some temptations. &gt;&gt; But I thought I had I thought I was an attribute of God. I thought and God's doing something and he's placing an attribute because we can't he can't squeeze us through heaven and we come on the other side and God just did everything right for us and then call us an overcomer. God's not going to do that. We have to be overcomers. So we have to overcome something so we get on the other side. What did you overcome? Well, Leodysa number one. But the biggest thing you overcome is this sticky sir &gt;&gt; self. your worst enemy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; People are too much. Let's leave it for another sermon. Looking for perfection. And that's why they're in depression and disappointed many times their whole life is because you keep expecting it's going to go this way and this life it goes the other way. Sometimes way the other way. And God puts his thoughts in a fallen realm. And in order to manifest them, it cannot stay a thought. It has to be manifested. And he says, "I'll put that in a body of flesh." This is scriptural when Paul says, "We have this treasure in earthn vessels." God puts a treasure of his seed in an earthn vessel. I'll put that in a body of flesh that is a fallen body. Why? Because in a contrast, in a contrast, God shines brighter. He created darkness so that light could be manifested. &gt;&gt; If you didn't have darkness, then you wouldn't be able to see the gloriousness of the light. &gt;&gt; This is our God. Can you say amen? It's the flaw that makes it a masterpiece. It's the sticky flesh that we hate so much that he chooses to put his thought in to allow it to let it rise above that and rise even into a rapture. That's the redemption. That's the glory of God. Now, at this point, I'm just wondering how much our thoughts get in the way. How much do our thoughts get in the way? You know, God doesn't ask us to understand everything or think everything through. He doesn't need man's opinion. He didn't ask for man's opinion. And you can slow up the thoughts of God working in your life and his will by injecting too much of your thinking. &gt;&gt; And what's worse about our thinking is we draw conclusions. &gt;&gt; And what's worse about drawing what's worse about drawing final conclusions is we make judgments &gt;&gt; on things. Final judgments based upon our conclusions. And it's all in the realm of our thoughts and conclusions and judgments on other people becomes your belief system. You make justice judgments based upon your conclusion. There's, you know, friends, there's only one mind that was had a perfect thought. There's only one mind that had a perfect thought when he thought it or perfect thoughts of God. It wasn't your mind. There's only one mind that was perfect from the beginning. News flash, it wasn't yours. Our minds are to be corrected all the time. Our thinking is to be changed. Our thinking is always to be renewed. I don't care if care if you're 80 years old. Our minds will always need to be corrected and renewed and never draw a final conclusion about anything unless you know it's God's truth. &gt;&gt; And your thoughts either begin to work with the thoughts of God or they begin to get in the way. In Proverbs 3:5, if you guys want to pull that up, Proverbs 3:5, are you still with me? Just for a few more minutes. Proverbs 3:5, the text that brother Brandham read and lean not to thine own understanding. Trust in the Lord with all of thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. There is a trust that we enter into a deep How many want to enter a deeper trust in God. &gt;&gt; What moves you from that trust is leaning to your thinking too much. Oh, please, please, just everybody uh just be real still now and just listen to me, would you? If we say we want to trust the Lord, really trust him with all of our heart further, what can move you from that trust is leaning too much to your own thinking. And brother Brandham opens that message by saying, now I think that's the most beautiful scripture. I want to take it for a text. The fifth verse, lean not to thine own understanding. Now, this is a very strange text for the day that we're living in. Because the emphasis today is certainly laid upon education and upon our own understanding of things, the day of learning. Today, we send our children to the school to have understanding. Then after they are through the grammar schools, we send them to high school for a better understanding of knowledge. Then after that, they go through there. Some children are even fortunate enough to go to college and go through college to complete their education and their understanding of knowledge what they are requ acquired. Many times to get a job you have to have at least a high school understanding or college education and so forth. Yet the wise Solomon told us that not to lean to it, not to not to our own understanding. Learn not of these things because we wonder why that he would say such a thing as this. For it's because that usually our modern understanding is usually the wisdom of man which is contrary to the word of God. So he says this is a strange scripture. Don't lean to your own understanding. Don't lean to your own thinking. Even if you are an educated person, be careful of depending on that because there's one thing that always happens and that is that wisdom of man always comes in conflict conflict with the wisdom of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; I I he said always. He said always. So I would trust in that to realize that we have to always be on guard because we wonder why that he would say this for it's because that usually usually our modern understanding is usually the wisdom of man which is contrary to the word of God. I think that's what the Solomon that that's what Solomon was trying to advise his sons was not to be illiterate but not to lean to their own understanding. Education, science, the internet, the information highway has taught us to be more thinkers. In some ways, it's made us numb to thinking as I was talking about Wednesday night. In other ways, it teaches us to be teaches to go get information. Go get go get thoughts on this. Go get it. And and we have to be careful because the scripture says lean not to your own understanding. And this is the message brother says God doesn't ask us to understand his word. There's a there's a guy just thought of that years ago challenged me 20ome years ago and he got real mad when I said that. God doesn't us ask us to understand his word. He asks us to believe it. And he thought I said it. And I said well I went back. This is what brother Bram said. You know this is a prophet. And whether you understand that or not, I mean it's this is what he said. He doesn't ask and he always tried to teach his kids now. Kids be open thinkers, be open-minded now. Don't swallow anything. And there's a certain truth to that. But how did they use discernment? They use discernment through the word of God. &gt;&gt; But just to teach your kids, always have an open mind. Usually comes from someone who feels like they had everything crammed down their minds when they were young. So, I'm going to have kids and they're going to have an open mind. Very dangerous in this age to teach your kids just keep your mind open to anything because what you don't realize, it's not just opening their mind to thoughts. It's opening your mind to the spirits &gt;&gt; behind the thoughts. &gt;&gt; And that's a lot of trouble because that takes an extra measure of fasting and prayer and faith to deliver them later of that spirit. So, openmind and education. He said at the beginning here this scripture is good because we have a day of emphasis on education and uh science um emphasis laid upon education our partner understanding and school and these things. So it's in direct conflict. So I just wanted to conclude by saying in this this area that the scripture tells us not to lean towards it whether through education or the world access to know access to knowledge. We are taught to be thinkers and to analyze things to the max and to be overthinkers. Anybody ever heard of the term an overthinker? Overthinking things. Overthinking is a pattern of excessive repetitive thought about a situation or problem that doesn't lead to solutions often resulting in anxiety. You know, I always love to read the psychology of anything the devil is using to bring anxiety. &gt;&gt; I read them here because I like to expose the devil. And you can call it psychology. Well, it is. It's behavior of human beings that are in depression and anxiety. And a lot of us have those things. But I'm always trying to say, well, what's the devil using to do it? And here's one thing. Overthinking things. &gt;&gt; Thinking that you got a mind like God and I'm going to figure all this out. And I'm thinking things. And I'm thinking about what can happen before it even happens. &gt;&gt; I'm not asking for a show of hands. There's very people that are just so laidback and say what you know whatever will be will be. The future's not mine. You see quesas whatever. There's very few people that watched that movie years ago and I'm going to live like that. Quesaser whatever. There's very few people like that. Very few people left. And I'm not even asking you to be that way because I know you got to put something in your mind and that's the word of God. &gt;&gt; But most of us are overinkers. I the other day I'm confessing to you because I I'm preaching to myself here. You know, I was I woke up in the middle of the night the other night. I told some of my kids this and my wife and I said, "You know what I was thinking about? I was thinking about some event coming up to the church that we're going to have. And this one sister has a baby. I'm not going to tell who it is, but I was worried about the event if she could come or not because I wondered if she had a babysitter or not. Now, you could say that's a real burden, pastor, for every need in the church. Or you could say that has nothing to do with you and don't you have other things to think about. &gt;&gt; It's about how my family responded to me. What in the world are you think that's not even your responsibility? I know, but I was I was worried about it. And I was trying to think through how I could help her to get a babysitter and I could call the next morning and make all the plans and it's none of my business. This is how bad it gets. I like to tell the fellow who said, "I spent the first 30 years of my life worried about what everybody was thinking about me. And then I spent the next 30 years of my life not caring what everybody thought about me. And then I spent the next 30 realizing nobody was really thinking about me as much as I thought they were thinking about me. Overthinking is a pattern of excessive repetitive thought about a situation or a problem that doesn't lead to solutions often resulting in anxiety, stress, and a feeling of being mu me mentally struck stuck or exhausted. It can stem from factors like fear of uncertainty, perfectionism, low self-esteem, trauma, and mental health conditions like anxiety and depression. While not a formal dis former excuse me, while not a formal disorder, it is a common unproductive way of thinking that negatively affects well-being and can be addressed through strategies such as mindfulness. And they give some other, you know, things to do here. But then what is overthinking? Repetitive thought loops. Overthinking involves getting caught in an endless loops of thoughts about the past or future without ever progressing towards a solution. Repetitive loops of thought. It it also is unproductive anal analysis. The core of overthinking is that it's unproductive. It provides no clarity or resolution. It's emotional or factual thinking. Thoughts driven by emotion rather than facts are a key sign of overthinking. And then and analysis par paralysis. This is the inability to make a decision due to overanalyzing every possible income, excuse me, outcome. Uh I talked about that Wednesday night when it talked about pornography and how it uh it paralyzes the other part of other two parts of the brain, the thinking part and activates the pleasure center so much that it becomes addictive and your thinking part of your brain is not used at all. And this is what they say here about overthinking. There's a paralysis to it that that you analyze too much. And this is the inability to make a decision. So you can't make a solid decision because you're analyzing overanalyzing every possible outcome. So somebody's late for dinner. You were supposed to meet him in a restaurant and you're thinking, "Were we supposed to meet at this particular time? I'm wondering if this is really the place we were going to meet up. Is it actually this Thursday that we're supposed to meet? Were we even meeting at at Thursday? Do I actually even know this person? Do they really exist? Do I even exist? Or you say something awkward in front of somebody or in front of a crew and they forget it in 5 minutes, but you think of it the next 10 years at 3:00 a.m. in the morning. There's a there's a slide here that shows what we do sometimes. Yeah, you can say amen to that. Sure. The person who thinks all the time has nothing to think about except thoughts. And so he loses touch with reality. The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but your thoughts about it. The biggest problem with overthinking is when we begin to overthink God's promises. Galatians 2 21 says, "I do not frustrate the grace of God. For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain." Paul says, "Don't frustrate the grace of God." Don't frustrate everything. But if you're going to fr be frustrated and overthinking everything else, do not overthink the word of God, the promise of God, &gt;&gt; and the grace of God. I don't understand his grace. Neither do I. But we're not supposed to understand it. &gt;&gt; We're saying, "Lord, if you give it to me, I'll take it." &gt;&gt; I think Sarah was overthinking the promise when she made Abraham go with Hagar. &gt;&gt; She was thinking it through. Maybe it was supposed to happen this way. I'm so excited about this child coming. And so she's for years thinking about Oh, and she overthinks it and makes Abraham go with Hagar. She's interrupting the promise. Boy, did she ever interrupt it. Boy, did she ever get in the way there, but she's overthinking it. I think Gideon was over was overthinking when he told the angel, "I'm a poor I'm from a poor family. Uh, I'm the least of the crew. You don't know who I am. You got the wrong guy." And the angel kept reading out of the book of life. Gideon, thou mighty man of valor. The promise don't need you to overanalyze it. It needs to be believed. &gt;&gt; The grace of God does not need to be frustrated. Can you say amen? Moses was saying, "I'm I can't speak. I stutter all the time. I'm not eloquent at speech." And yet, friends, you look at the vision God had for Moses' life, and it didn't have to do with the flaw that he had about speaking. God was willing to raise him as the vocal cords for the the prophet for the hour. Look at our prophet of this hour. Seventh grade education, the last on the list for somebody to be picked to speak to this entire generation. But God used the flaw. &gt;&gt; Can you get it? Can I get an amen? God took that and he said, "I'll make it the profit of this age." &gt;&gt; God's not afraid of the fall. Can you say amen? But thank God we had a teenage girl. They say about 15, 16 years old, little Mary. And guess what? When an angel told her, "You're going to conceive and fulfill the prophecy. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. You'll be conceive you'll conceive a child and you'll bring forth." The only thing she says, "But I haven't known a man." Uh, that's the only thing she said. But you do you think a 15year-old girl something great had to happen in her life and something had to trust God so much that she never did any overthinking to the angel. She never answered back anything that would be a doubt. And that's what God needed for his greatest promise to bring forth his son. He not only needed his promise, he needed a vessel to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Can you raise your hands? He needs somebody to quit overthinking his promise &gt;&gt; and start trusting his promise &gt;&gt; and say those words. I don't understand, but I'm not even going to question. I be it unto me according to thy word. I'm closing on this quote. I trust that the Lord is trust the Lord's given you something this morning. I thank the Lord for strength to preach today. I've been a little weak with a cold, the strength to study yesterday and I said, "God, just give me the strength to bring this." I know you all were disappointed you didn't have Brother Diggs here today or some of you. And uh he came in June, I believe it was. And uh I didn't reschedule them, but I heard enough back that we need to get them in for the Sunday after fall fellowship. I thank God for the strength though to bring this. It's a burden on my heart this morning. I was on David a few weeks ago on a Wednesday night and talking about him being confronted by the prophet and after his sin, his house would never be the same. But the word that was over David's life never changed &gt;&gt; when he spoke it. And and guess what? David wasn't even there when the mind of God spoke through the prophet um Samuel. It was the prophet Samuel. And he's going to take Saul out of his position because he's rebelled. He's taken out of position. And he says, God says, "I'm taking you out." And he says, "I'm going to have a king after my own heart." David was a man after God's own heart. &gt;&gt; And that's the word. David wasn't even there for that thought about him, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But God speaks it. He's already got he's got his king. And you know who's you know who you know who's thought of is? He didn't just think of Daniel. I need to search for another. Saul's messed up. No. No. He was in eternal thought as the king. And so when he said, "I'm going to get it. I I I I got a man after my own heart," it was in God's eternal thought. David was the one in that thought. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And guess what? You know, David's life, there wasn't anything. Even though he lost children, he he lo his house fell apart. His one of his son raped another girl. There was just chaos in his house. But I want to tell you the grace of God never changed that thought. &gt;&gt; So then he comes that day and he gets the oil poured on him. I'm anointing you the king of Israel. And as I was saying to the men last week at the men's meeting, you know, if he'd have known all that was going to come from that, he probably would have said, "No, no, don't put that on me. I'll stay away." Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; it sounds like a good job, but if he knew all that was going to come with the job, he would have ran away. &gt;&gt; But God doesn't tell us all that's going to happen. &gt;&gt; It's kind of his sense of humor a little bit. You don't tell us our story. And so many things happen. I didn't expect this at all to happen. I didn't I didn't know I would go down those paths. I didn't know that I'd be overdosed on drugs. I didn't know that I'd do this and be with all these women. I I hate that. I live with that every day. people. I live in that that in my mind every day. The scar doesn't go away. God re God forgives &gt;&gt; and he heals, &gt;&gt; but the scar can still be there. &gt;&gt; And with the scar comes guilt. And &gt;&gt; God, you know, what do you think of me? And all these other things. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; But God doesn't show us what the story will be. He just pours the anointing on us and it begins the journey. He's not even on the throne yet or positioned yet, but he gets the Holy Ghost. He gets the anointing. He's got the thought of God and he heads in that direction and he has great victories. He defeats Goliath. He's a man of faith. He's a but really what God has thought of him is not just he's a king or a man of faith or all these other things. He's going to be a man after my own heart. Friends, I pray that somewhere in the thought of God, that's what he has of me because I don't want to be any position. I don't want to be popular. I I just want to me be a man after God's own heart. &gt;&gt; I'm ending on this quote. God's thoughts never changed. He was still a king even after his sin. This old prophet, old bald-headed fella, stomped in, old Nathan out of the wilderness, sat down and said, 'David, how's everything going? He said, 'Fine, fine, old prophet of God. Live forever. Hallelujah. He was just He thought everything was fine. He thought he could hide it. But you can't hide from God. He knows what you're thinking right now. He knows your thoughts for he's God. That Holy Spirit that's in the building this morning knows your thoughts, who you are, where you come from, what you've done. For Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. God had revealed to that prophet, he said, "David, there was a rich man lived on the side of the road. He had a whole lot of sheep. Oh, he was very rich. A man lived on the side of the road was poor. He had one lamb. He treated it like a daughter. He fed it out like the same spoon. He eat with it. He slept with the lamb. Everything just it was just like his own sheep. It was just like a daughter to him. And one day a visitor come. So instead of the rich man taking one of his own sheep and making a feast for the visitor well instead of that he went over and took the poor man's lamb and by force took the lamb and slayed it and made a feast. Now that was David's passions. He had 500 wives but when he seen Uriah's wife instead of taking one of his 500 wives to appease or satisfy his passions he went took this other man's wife then killed Uriah when he become the when she had become the mother. David didn't know what he was doing. Why? David was ready to pronounce judgment. And that's the way we are. We can always judge the other fella, but when it comes to us, oh, that's different. David said, "The man will pay with his life." The man will pay with his life. And that old prophet them eyes narrowed down and he said, "David, surely you'll not die." Because after he said, "Thou art the man." He said, "Thou art the man." He says, "David, surely you'll not die." Listen to this. Look at this. Watch grace there. Go to work right quick. &gt;&gt; Why? Because out of his own thinking is always hiding his sin. He's ready to proclaim something to pronounce his own judgment. And grace steps in and stops him. Why? Because the thought of God that's not in the thought of God. Watch. I'm I'm trying to find Watch Grace there. Go to work right quick. The spirit struck the prophet. Saved David's life. Grace, surely you'll not die, but the sword will not leave your house till it's thoroughly purged your heart. For you are that rich man. Oh, it was different then, wasn't it? What saved David? When his own judgment said, "The man will die. He'll pay to the uttermost and he'll pay for it with his life. And the prophet said, "Surely, grace. Surely you'll not die. You'll not die, David. Grace has saved you." It was grace to David that saved him. Oh my. If it hadn't been for grace, where would we all be? &gt;&gt; Taken from a sermon called Message of Grace. You know what he's saying? This message of this hour, I don't care what people say about it. It's a message of grace. &gt;&gt; The rebuke, all that goes with it, but it's a message of grace because it's revealing the thoughts of God about you and the thought of God. Grace and the thought of God will always be greater than our story. My thought of you is to have an expected end. My thought of you is peace. And if he would have pronounced that, David would have been dead. And we can pronounce things and conclude on things sometimes out of our own thinking. But the grace of God steps in. How many times has it done it in our lives? Some of you are here today and you can say, "I'm only here because grace stepped in." &gt;&gt; How many raise your hand? I'm only sitting here. I may not all be all I need to be, but I wouldn't even be sitting in this church, but I'm sitting here because grace stepped in. &gt;&gt; Grace said, "That's enough." See, it's not just saying this grace he saved me. It's the grace throughout our lives that when we're ready like Abraham overthinking the situation and saying if I take my wife down there and I go down to that city, she's so pretty the king is going to fall in love with her. And he's thinking it all through. My wife is so pretty. The king's going to fall in love her, but he can't marry her because she's the one the promise of God is going to come through. So, I've got to protect this and I've got to think this through. So, he goes down and he says, "Sarah, tell tell the king that you're my sister, &gt;&gt; not my wife." This is overthinking on steroids. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. And so now God's watching all of it and you've got a son of God just moving in certain decisions and directions and he's just headed in a certain direction. But I can tell you when it starts to head to interrupting the promise, God's grace will step in. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now that ought ought to give us a license to sin. No, &gt;&gt; it ought to put a real softness on a heart to say, "God, let me stay in your will." &gt;&gt; Let me quit overthinking this message. &gt;&gt; There's people on the internet every day overthinking this, &gt;&gt; looking for a perfection in a prophet. And every one of the prophets in the Bible had flaws. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Had mistakes. They don't even know their Bible. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; And they're expecting a perfect man with everything he said perfect. And listen, that's not how they look at us. That's not how you look at prophets. And when he went down there, the king said, "I'm going to marry this girl. This this is done. It's in the bag. It's all over." And now Abraham's regretting. Oh, and what am I going to do? And you know, uh, he's all happy to marry. And it's just it's just a mess. And God gives that king a dream and says, "You marry her. You're a dead man." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; This is the part of Grace that I don't understand. He says, "You, that is Abraham's wife. You give him back tomorrow morning. You give him back his wife. If you do marry, I'm going to kill you." &gt;&gt; Right? That's exactly. &gt;&gt; You see, you you don't think God's protecting his thought of you. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; You're going to mess it up. He ain't going to let you mess it up. &gt;&gt; This is the part it's like in the morning, give him back or I'm going to kill you. And when he gets his camels ready and he starts leaving, just before he leaves, ask Abraham to lay his hands on you and your kingdom to pronounce a blessing on you, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I would be overthinking that one. What I'm supposed to have that liar lay his hands on me? I don't want no blessing from that guy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I don't think &gt;&gt; but God's looking from his his thought of his son and he's willing to protect his son and there's one of the greatest mans on the face of face of the earth and even his mistakes he says you you pray that he will lay his hands on and bless your kingdom if you want a blessing from anybody it needs to come from him. Oh, praise the Lord. I can only I can only think of the song Think About His Love because you know what? It's really what we only we only need to be thinking about his love and his goodness, his grace. His thoughts of us are higher. His thoughts of us are not of evil. But brother Paul, you don't know what I've done. God made David pay in so many ways, but he never took him out as king. &gt;&gt; He did that to Saul, but he never took him out of his position. His house was trouble all the way through, &gt;&gt; but it never changed his thought. This is my king after my own heart and he'll finish the work that he's put on earth to do. The David songwriter, he didn't write this one, but he maybe had one similar today. I'm going to think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that has brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our love. Think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness. Think about his grace that has brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our father's. Giving you something to think about this week. Let's stand. Think about his love. Think about his just direct your thoughts. Gird your mind. Think about his grace that has brought us. Oh, for as high as the heavens above. Great is the measure of our Father's love. Great is the measure of our father. Can you close your eyes now? Just think about his promise. Think about his thought. Think about his love. his thoughts towards you. Think about it. Should make us just weep in his presence this morning. He's brought us through. High as the heavens above. Great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. Precious Lord, we ask you, Father, to deposit your word in the hearts of the people. And Lord, if they're a seed of God, your offspring, there's something in them, Lord, that responds to their husband, Christ. to follow it, to come under the protection of it. So Lord, I pray for every soul represented here, Lord, that they heard something from the father today to call them and draw them closer to you. Lord, that you don't have to, we don't have to tell them and give them 10 steps to do something. A seed of God will be awakened to what they need to do. They know what to do, Lord. And they'll step into doing that when they catch the mind of God and catch the thought that you had of them before the foundation of the world. What love is this, Lord? What love is this? May we direct our thoughts off of worry and anxiety and fear and trying to figure everything out. Lord, could we be molded into people that just has such a trust in you that you say, "Trust in the Lord with all of thine heart. Don't lean to your own overthinking. In all thy ways acknowledge him and he'll direct your paths. Could we be a people that trust you so much that our minds, our thoughts, everything would just rest in you, Lord, and rest in the thoughts of God. You'll figure it out, Lord. You've already got it figured out. &gt;&gt; You've already got it figured out. You already know what needs to be done, Lord. Bless your people, Lord. Lead them to whatever is next in their lives. Don't let them linger, Lord, but lead them, Father, and may they trust you and follow you. Feed on your word. Oh, God. Thank you for your thoughts towards us, Lord. thoughts of peace and not of evil to give us an expected end. Lord, we look forward to that change of the body, that rapture to bring us out of this Babylon. Lord, you promised it, Father. Jesus name. Restless heart, troubled mind. I try hard to find answers to why it's turned out this way. While my heart's gripped with fear, I can feel him draw near. Gently I hear my Lord say, "Oh, keep your mind. Stay on me. Stay on me. And I will give you perfect peace. Sweet release. If you'll just keep your mind stay on me. It's evening time, the hours late. There's a pressure so great. Everywhere hearts fail because of fear. But when I think of lovely things, all the peace his word brings. His still small voice I can hear. This what he says now. That's what he says. Oh, keep your mind. Stay on me. Stay on me. Faithfully. And I will give you perfect peace. Sweet release. If you'll just keep your singing the first verse again just before we dismiss. First verse. Listen to this now. Restless heart, troubled mind. I try hard to find answer why it's turned out this way. But while my heart's gripped with fear, I can feel him drowning. Can Can you hear that voice this morning? Can you hear that voice? That gentle voice telling you this morning, "Oh, just keep." He understands. He knows. He loves you this morning. He knows his thoughts and he thinks towards you, precious thoughts. And I will give you perfect. Amen. Sweet release. If you'll just keep your mind, stay on me. Praise the Lord. Amen. All hearts clear this morning. You're welcome to stay and just enjoy this presence of the Lord. Take it home with you. Take it into your homes. Take it into your hearts, your families. Take it in your private communication with the Lord. Just invite his presence. You don't need church to do that. You don't need a pastor to do that. You have that within you that calls out to God. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Oh, may you be encouraged in the Lord. How many were encouraged today? That was my heart. Encouraged in the Lord. His thoughts are greater. Isn't there a song there that says, "Bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears. &gt;&gt; God's bigger than any mountain." Do we have that on the songs? And we'll sing that as we go. Bigger than any shadows. &gt;&gt; That's the course there. Praise the Lord. We love you all. If you need prayer, just come forward. We'll pray with you. Bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears, God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Bigger than all my question, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. First verse. Bigger than any shadows that fall across my path. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Bigger than all the confusion. Bigger than anything. God is bigger than I don't know if I'm singing that right or not. Can or cannot see. Amen. Oh, bigger than all my problem. His thoughts are bigger. God is bigger. You got to come and see that I can or cannot see. Well, bigger than all my questions. Bigger than Amen. He's bigger. Bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. bigger than all the giants of fear and unbelief. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Look at this. Bigger than all my hang-ups. Bigger than anything. God is bigger. Amen. I can say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Oh, bigger than all my problems. Go to the rock as well. I go to the rock and I can see. Oh, bigger than all my questions, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can and cannot see. Oh, bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears. God is bigger than any mountain that I can and cannot see. Oh, bigger than all my questions, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can and cannot see. the rock. Where did Where can I go? When no one left to who can I talk to? I go to the rock. When there's no found, no one left to listen. Who can I lean on? There we go. When there's no nation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock. Amen. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run into the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand, on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over. Who do I run to when the winds of sorrow threaten? Is there a refuge? In the time of tribulation? When my soul needs consultation, I go to the rock. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. Running to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. I go to the rock. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run into the mountain. Then the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand, on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the ride. Oh, when I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the ride. Oh, one more time. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the ride. Sing of freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom ways, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I've tasted freedom. Oh. Oh freedom. Freedom to worship. Freedom to praise. Freedom to walk in his freedom ways. Freedom to sing. A freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I've tasted freedom. Let's sing a verse. I'm not a prisoner anymore. Amen. Oh, my stolen joy has been restored. He broke He broke the chains that once held me. Oh, the sun has made me free indeed. Oh, I have freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his, freedom praise, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. I have been gi second chance. I'm not going back to the en's kingdom. I've tasted freedom say his love destroyed the cage of sin. Oh, with just one touch I'm new again. No longer bound. No longer bound by anything. From now on I will each day I will let freedom ring. A freedom to worship, freedom to praise, a freedom to walk in his freedom ways, freedom to sing, a freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I've tasted freedom. Oh, sing. Freedom to worship, freedom to worship, freedom to praise, a freedom to walk in his freedom ways, freedom to sing, a freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the en's kingdom. I've tasted freedom. Oh, freedom. Freedom to worship. Freedom to praise. Freedom to walk. Freedom away. Freedom to dance. I have gi second chance. I'm not going back to the end of his kingdom. I've tasted freedom. Oh, I've tasted freedom. I've tasted freedom. I've tasted freedom. Sing. I feel like going on. Amen. I feel like going on though trials come on every end. I feel like going home. I feel like going on. Oh, I feel like going on. Oh tri on every day. I feel like going on. I feel like pressing on. I feel like pressing on. Though trials come on every hand. I feel like going home. I feel like going on. I feel like going on. Though trials come on every day, I feel like going home, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. is the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms. Oh, in his arms. I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected and there's no place I'd rather be falling in love with Jesus. falling in love with you. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Ooh. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat.
