################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 👑Crowning Our Ministry As Adopted Sons Of God | Divine Nature | Pastor Adrian Gengan |18 May 2025 - Adrian Gengan - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   👑Crowning Our Ministry As Adopted Sons Of God | Divine Nature | Pastor Adrian Gengan |18 May 2025
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG1kc38Xskg
========================================

Amen. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you have chosen us. You've called us, Father, Lord, for such a time as this. We excited in our hearts, Lord, when we see the time and the season that we are living in, oh God, knowing that we are the closing of the Gentile dispensation, oh God. And father, how it behooves us, Lord, to seek your face, Lord, to Lord, be dedicated to you, oh God, and keep our lampstream and burning and be ready, oh God, for that time, oh God, when you shall come and change these vile bodies, oh God, these mortal bodies from mortal to immortality, oh God. And Lord, you've sent us a word to give us rapturing faith, oh God. And I pray, Lord, even as we come together this morning with our little licks of fire, oh God, that Lord, we can rejoice around your word, rejoice around your truth, oh God. Father, because greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world, oh God. We know that no weapon formed against us shall prosper, oh God. You are God who watches over us, who cares for us, who loves us. Oh God, and we give you praise and worship this morning and adore your mighty name, oh God. I pray, Lord, that you'll receive the songs of Zion that have been sung, oh God. I pray Lord that your name will be greatly exalted oh God. And I pray Lord that you would receive the worship, receive our praise, receive our thanksgiving, oh God. And now even as we come Lord to sit at your feet and hear your word. I pray Lord you'll break the bread of life. We ask it now in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. I greet you all in the precious the holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Our Lord, he's a sovereign God. He's a sovereign king. Amen. And you know, we are baptized into the kingdom and every kingdom has a king and every kingdom has a law. Amen. So, we want to be able to operate in these principles. Amen. So, we welcome every one of you in the house of the Lord. Amen. Brother Joshua and his family are not here this morning. Brother Joshua's preaching at Tabernacle this morning. Amen. So, we pray that the Lord will be with them. Bless them there. Amen. We also have Sister Matilda. Amen. Visiting with us. Amen. She asked to be to come to church this morning. A dad's been here. Amen. She's been here. Amen. She's reminding me a few years ago when we did the baptism. Amen. I don't know if you remember that. So, let's welcome Sister Matilda. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, dad worked shifts. Amen. So, he's was unable to come, but I'm praying, Amen. One of these days he'll be able to come to the service. Amen. So, we pray, Amen, the Lord will bless you this morning and speak to your heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. You ready for the word of the Lord? Amen. Let's get to Amen. There's a portion of scripture in Luke chapter 15. Hallelujah. Luke chapter 15 from verse 11. It says, "A certain man had two sons and the younger of them said to his father, father, give me the portion of goods that faith to me and he divided unto them his living." And not many days after the youngest son gathered allto together and took his journey into a far country and there wasted his substance with righteous righteous living. And when he had spent all there arose a mighty famine in the land and he began to be in want. Amen. You know there's a famine in the land. Amen. Not for food only but for the word of God. Amen. So there's a famine in the land. And he went and joined himself to a citizen of that country and sent him into his fields to feed swine. So he Amen. He he went to some denomination. He went to a Leodysian church. Amen. And he would fain and filled his belly with the ask of the swine. Amen. That the swine did eat and no man gave unto him. You can see that's all they have to offer. Amen. And when he came to himself, he said, "How many hired servants of my father have bread enough to spare, and I perish with hunger? And I will arise and go to my father, and I will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee, and am no more worthy to be called thy son. Make me as one of thy hired servants." And he arose and came to his father. But when he was yet a great way off, his father saw him and had compassion and ran and fell on his neck and kissed him. And the son said unto him, "Father, I have sinned against heaven and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son." But the father said to the servants, "Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him, and put a ring on his hand, and shoe on his feet. And bring thither either the fatted calf and kill it, and let us eat and be merry. For this my son was dead, and he's alive again. He was lost and is found." And they began to be merry. Amen. The Lord had blessings through the reading of his word. You may be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, amen. We'll be looking at a few things this morning. I may not be able to get to everything, but I might deal with one aspect. Amen. And this is we are living in a time at the crowning of our ministry as adopted sons of God. Amen. It's the crowning of our ministry. And the final crown that will be given to us is the changing of the body. That will be the final process in the stages of adoption. Hallelujah. When you're seeing the father give the son a new robe, that is speaking of a new body. Amen. So we are changing from a earthly robe from a mortal robe to a heavenly robe. Amen. So what we're dealing with today may be just divine nature. Amen. So I want you to follow this and if you're writing it down in order for us to become to our crowning of our ministry, there are stages which we are going to follow. First it's got to deal with divine nature. Amen. And where does nature come from? It comes from the seed. Amen. Nature comes from the characteristics of a seed. So whatever seed I give you to plant and if you plant it in the ground in the right kind of conditions in the right kind of atmosphere you are going to get the potentials that's laying in that seed. If I gave you an orange seed and you planted that orange seed I can't come to you and expect to get avocados. Amen. So we what we are seeing is the nature of the seed. Now last week we were dealing with a few thoughts. Amen. And maybe we'll continue with some of those thoughts is that we as sons and daughters of God have come predestinated on the earth. Amen. God has predestinated us. And I want you to see something very beautiful that the Lord has done because you know you know our brother Brandham. Now I don't have quotes here to show it to you but I'm going to reference a few things. Amen. So I you can go home and do the homework. How's that? Amen. So I'll just preach it this morning and you can go home and reference it. So a lot of it is coming from the spoken word is the original seed invisible union and marriage of the lamb and all of those messages. Amen. So what happened was Satan got to Eve before Adam got to her. Amen. Adam was Eve's guide. Adam was Eve's spirit of truth. Adam was the one she should have consulted, but she left the guide. Adam was her teacher. She left the teacher. Amen. And she went off reasoning with the serpent instead of going back to her guide and her teacher and her spirit of truth. But she left it. Amen. And the the prophet is telling us that Adam's bride fell. Then he's telling us that when Jesus came on the earth that he found that his bride was already impregnated with creeds and dogmas. No matter how he tried to speak to the scribes and the Pharisees, they were already indoctrinated. They had mixed the word with their creeds and their dogmas. And no matter how he tried to explain the word to them, they had already taken seed and conception. Amen. But what's a beautiful thing the Lord has done. He said that this end time people, this end time bride, she won't fall like that first Eve. Now, if we asked ourselves why, why won't she fall like that first Eve? Number one, she won't stand for creeds and dogmas. She'll only take the pure word of God. She won't take a denominational idea. And she will never leave the guide, the teacher, the Holy Ghost. Amen. But I want to show you what the prophet is saying. why really she can't take another man's seat. And it's only in 1965 when the prophet is about to leave the scene, he starts to talk about gene seed. Now, if you type that up in your message search, just type that word gene or gene seed and look in 1965 and don't look before that because you'll get a lot of Gene Norman. Now, you don't want to read about Gene Norman, right? But the first time he's introducing the thought about gene seed is in 1965. And he starts to tell us that the gene seed has to deal with the nature and the character. And he says that we were predestinated with that gene seed within us. Which means we as the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ already came pregnant. Oh, come on. He already predestinated us with this gene seed. So which means that no and you know that once a woman receives seed that home is shut. No other man's seed can get in there. So seeds of discrepancy can't get to this bride. So somebody can fellowship in a denomination for years and years and years but she will never take the seed of that denomination because she already has a gene seed. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What are they waiting for? They are waiting for the right conditions, the right atmosphere. Amen. To birth that gene seed. That's like the eagle in the barnyard story. Hallelujah. No matter how long the eagle was in the barnyard, it never got to its full potentials until it heard a scream. Until it heard an eagle scream. Amen. Hallelujah. The prophet describes it in three ways. He says the first time mama eagle screamed this bird on the earth started to recognize I don't belong here. Let me backtrack for those of you who don't know the story. Sometimes you preach things and you think everybody knows it. There was a farmer. Amen. He used to have a chicken chicken uh pen whatever you call it. But one day he got a eagle egg and he put it under the end to etch. Amen. So that eagle etched in a chicken yard and it got and when it was born, Amen. it started to mingle with all the other chickens, little chicks and they tried to feed it the chicken food and it got accustomed to that kind of living. And you know how the the prophet says it it depends how you train your mind because if you think you are limited to this condition, that's the way you'll stay. So this bird never knew it had the ability to fly. Amen. It was earthbound like the chickens, like the environment it is growing around. So watch your environment that you are growing around. Watch the friends you keep. Amen. Watch the type of atmosphere you are around. Amen. Because what we are carrying within us is one of the most important things for the end time people that gene seed. Now if we don't expose that gene seed to the right conditions, we are going to be amen destabilizing God's plan. We are going to be corrupting that seed that's within us. So amen. So this chicken was there always uh sorry the eagle was in the with the chickens always. But one day as this chick as this eagle started to grow, he heard an eagle screaming in the skies. Amen. Now, this chicken, this eagle, while it was in the chicken yard, it always felt uncomfortable. It always felt like it didn't belong there. Amen. When the chickens were clucking, this one had a different cry. Amen. And he started to question them. Why do you all do sprinkling of baptism? And they decided to say, what's wrong with you? This is the way we've always done it here. Amen. So when it heard that cry, brother Brandham says that was the first pull. Something inside recognized, hey, something within me is connecting to that cry out there. Now think of where you were when God calls you. Something connected that you are a child of God. Then you've got to leave every other thing, religion and every other thing and connect with that voice. So remember what was drawing him out of the chicken yard was the voice. So never lose connection with the voice. Amen. Always keep connection with the voice. And brother Brandham is telling us that our connection with the supernatural realm is prayer. So never lose our connection with prayer. So that was the first pull. And and when he heard that eagle cry, Amen. he looked up. Amen. And then the second time, Amen. One day he was there in the chicken yard and he got a great big swoop. The eagle swooped through the chicken yard. Second pull, discernment of spirit. That eagle, Amen. That wind just lifted that bird up a bit. Amen. That wind just swept that eagle up and now it's sitting on the fence. Now under the second pull, you're sitting on the fence. You can You got a choice. You can either go back to the chicken yard or you can wait for the third pull. Amen. Hallelujah. So, if you're sitting on the fence this morning, make sure you're balanced well. And don't fall back into the chicken yard. Amen. Because the third pull is coming to pull you out into the heavenlies. So, mama eagle makes another swoop around that chicken yard. Amen. And she tells that eagle, "Why don't you try to flap your wings this time? I'm bringing about a mighty rushing wind. I'm bringing about my presence through the third pole, through a word that will quicken you." Amen. But you've got to spread your wings and fly. So, mama eagle comes around that chicken yard one more time and she makes a great big swoop. Amen. And this time, the bird starts to fly. Amen. As it flaps its wings, it's learning how to glide. Amen. And then it's soaring high and high until those denominational chickens become something but a little speck. Amen. And as that bird is flying high, they're singing. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. You can take the whole world, but give me Jesus. Hey, it seems lonely out here in the sky. You take the whole world, but give me Jesus. It seems like a lonely walk, but you take the whole world, but give me Jesus. It seems like I must forsake my friends and my families to follow Jesus and the truth, but give me Jesus. Now, when you're when you discover that you got a gene seed within you, when you discover that you're a son of God, that you're a child of God, and you responded to the call, I want you to know that God takes personal responsibility of you. God will never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. You are God's personal property. You are his child. He will always take care of you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And it is God's responsibility when he places you in his kingdom. And that's why he says when you seek the kingdom, when you seek the Holy Ghost, he says don't worry about all these things. You see your clothing, your food, and all that you have need of, it will be added to you. Amen. Hallelujah. And when God adds and he starts to give it to you, Amen. you can't contain his blessings. You've just got to enjoy his blessings. Amen. Hallelujah. So, I want you to understand this morning. I'll say it again. God has taken personal responsibility over you. God takes personal responsibility over your soul. God takes personal responsibility over your life. So don't be thinking that God has forgotten you. God will never forget you. Amen. Philippians 4:19 says, "But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus." So God is working to to give us everything we desire in this life. Amen. But you know why? Why sometimes they are limited in in opening up to us. God is molding character and God is developing character the nature that he's given us now because once that gene seed starts to birth it is now going to manifest the nature and he's dealing with divine nature first. So like I was telling you you need to write this down. First comes divine nature when that seed comes to life. Then he's going to develop divine character. And out of divine character is going to come divine power. And out of divine power, you're going to see the glory of Adam back on the earth. So it's first the divine nature which is working on. And that's why you'll see he's given us divine nature. And I told you what the acronym means for DNA. It's not it's not the local scientific term. DNA means divine nature attributes. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Philippians 4:19 says, "My God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus." Now when you say, now how many of you know that all means all? Hallelujah. All means all. So if you know that you're a son of God, I want you to make a demand on God. Jesus said you have not because you ask not. And if you ask, you ask, you miss. He said ask and you shall receive. Seek and you shall find. Knock and the door shall be opened unto you. Hallelujah. We need to strip ourselves of pride. You know, sometimes you can be in a household, but you can have pride. Pride to ask your father, pride to ask your mother, and you're asking everyone else to go ask them because we have pride to humble ourselves. The Bible says, "Humble yourselves before the Lord." Amen. Let us drop our attitudes. Let us drop Amen. uh all these things that we have. Sometimes God is working on our nature but we are so arrogant. We are so prideful. Amen. We have anger issues. We have Amen. problems with the flesh. And the spirit man needs to overcome the flesh man. Hallelujah. Don't let me pull my camera out again and show you what the problem is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because brother Brandham says enemy number one, he was pointing to his flesh. He says this is the guy that's stopping me from coming to everything that I need to be. So we're dealing tonight this morning with just the divine nature. So the divine nature can't be the same nature of the world. But like you got a anger problem and a temper problem like a bus. The prophet says, you know, the prophet also had an anger problem, a temper one time. Amen. That person shot his dog and he went grabbed his rifle. He said, "I'll kill this man." He said, "This he took your life. I'll take his life." And he was determined and he was going after this man to kill him. But he said his father caught a hold of him, gave him a nice hiding. I think in the spiritual realm too sometimes father aba father needs to catch a hold of us and give us a nice spanking because we feel we are right in our own eyes. Let me tell you something if you are not accountable to somebody and you can't take correction something is wrong with your spirit. If you can't take correction from anybody or somebody something is wrong with your spirit. Every time somebody tries to correct you you always got a problem and you say no but I Why don't you keep quiet? Hear what they are saying and say Lord is this you working on my you know Lord the Lord can use any situation daily situations we are going through the Lord is using those situations to mold me and shape me you're saying Lord give me patience give me temperance now he presents you to a problem and you're going and you're giving this person and you're hammering them and you're kicking them then you're going again and you're saying Lord teach me Lord your ways teach me give me your nature the next time they come up and then you do the same thing. You're not learning your lesson. So the Lord's going to keep you in a holding pattern. And when he keeps you in that holding pattern, blessings are cut off from you. Provision is cut off from you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So to deal with the divine nature, God is going to mold us and shape us. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We can't contaminate the seed. The gene seed must be preserved and must be nurtured in the right atmosphere of the word of God. And right now, even some people can't take correction. They're getting angry right now. Spirits are raging right now because that's a demon spirit. That's a evil spirit. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Bible says, "Do not rebuke an elder." Now, that's Bible. It says, "Regard the older woman as mothers, the younger woman as sisters." Hallelujah. The Bible says, "If you offend one of my little ones," he says, "If your brother is offended at you, why don't you go to your brother and say, "I'm sorry." Amen. Praise the Lord. Why don't we apply the word in all things? We're dealing with divine nature. Now remember, we all want divine character, divine power, divine glory, but we don't want to sort out the divine nature. We always are saying they're lucky I'm not that old person. Hey, I would have finished them. Which means you never really changed. And you only speak like that in the presence of believers because if that person wasn't around, the believer wasn't around, you probably would have sought them out. And in this day and age, you can break a person's spirit more with words than with just a physical beating. Fire in the tongue. Yeah, you're having bri. You just call that person to speak there. You don't need matches. They'll spit fire there. Praise the Lord. What is the problem? Why are you so angry? Why are you so upset? Now, the Bible says if you allow the word of God to take root in your life, it'll calm your spirit down. Amen. It'll calm your spirit down. And it's proven, science has proven this, that Christians who go to church are the least stress are the most stress-free people, most calm people. Because you can't tell me the word of God is now making you enraged. No. Amen. The word of God is a light. Amen. Light drives away darkness. Amen. The fruits of the spirit. Amen. Let's read that in Galatians. Now, who here would say they got the Holy Spirit? Can I see your hands? And please, everyone listen to me when I say raise your hands. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Everyone's working good this morning. Amen. I see you all want to finish early. That's my incentive. When you listen to me and you obey me, then hey, I I finish early. Praise the Lord. Let's go to Galatians chapter 5 and read from verse 22. Maybe we need to read from a bit further up. Let's read from verse 18. Now we just all raised our hand. We got the Holy Spirit. It says, "If you be led by the spirit of the spirit, you are not under the law." Now the works of the flesh are manifest which are these. Now watch the works of the flesh. Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lchivousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies. Hey, it doesn't stop there. more envyings, murders, drunkenness, rellings, and such like, of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. So, we can't be doing any of these things and and claim to be in the kingdom of God. Right? Here's the point we want to get to in verse 22. The fruit of the spirit is love. joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. And they that are Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Now, let's just talk about fruit of the spirit. He's not talking about seed of the spirit. Hallelujah. Which means that when we have been baptized with the Holy Ghost, it will grow from a seed form to a mature state where the Holy Ghost has grown up in you and you're now bearing fruit. So when people come to your tree, let me ask you, how is your garden this morning? How is your tree? Because whatsoever man seweth, that sow also shall he reap. So if you're going to sow anger, what do you think is on your tree? If you're going to sow pride, what do you think is on your tree? If you're going to sow disrespect, what do you think is on your tree? Hallelujah. But if the spirit of Christ be in us, he's saying when the Holy Ghost is fully matured in our life, when somebody comes from to eat of your tree, they're going to find the fruit of love. Hallelujah. And sometimes you don't have to wait for them to come and eat the fruit of your tree because you are bearing such fruit. You can say, "Such as I have, give I unto thee." And you can love somebody. Hallelujah. That's why Jesus said, "Now listen to this. Why would you consider your brothers and your sisters here your enemies when you're going to live with them forever?" But Jesus goes as far as saying, "Love your enemies." Love your enemies. Not, "I will never let it be known from this day forth. They shall never hear my voice again. I will never speak to them again." You think you're Pharaoh. You're writing decrees and laws. You know how Pharaoh said it in the Ten Commandments? He didn't want to see the face of Moses again. Now you're writing laws and decrees. From this day forth, you cut off from my family. You are not my son anymore. Why are you saying things like that? Imagine if Ay Wright said those things instead of saying you are my son, you are my daughter and you will never lose that position. No matter how far away you get from me, I will always love you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, love is something that goes beyond faith. Faith, you can move mountains. The prophet says, even the Bible says in first Corinthians, he says, "But if you don't have love, you are nothing." You are nothing. So, you can, the prophet is saying, you can pray for the sick and they can be healed. But they got healed. uh not because you were right. They got healed because of faith. You operated the scripture. Amen. Now they come and they're eating of your fruit. But you don't, like I said, they don't always have to come pluck your fruit. You can go with joy around them. Joy is also a fruit. Amen. Peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith. Now take the word all of these words. You can't longsuffer with your brother, the prophet saying, but God is longsuffering with you. You're looking at their one fault and you're criticizing them, but you're sitting there with your own faults. And God must forgive you. Hey, everywhere you go, you got a halo. Amen. You got a halo everywhere you go. And you can look down on everyone. Hallelujah. This person is doing this. This person is doing this. That is not the spirit. Fruit of the spirit. Longsuffering. You know what's longsuffering? The word describes it long. Some people got shortsuffering. Praise the Lord. Now, meekness. Isn't a lamb's likened to meekness? Lambs are meek. You saw a goat. How many of you saw some Tik Tok videos? The goat coming for the people. They go bump into them. The guy tries to dodge it. It goes circles around. It come back. It bump into them. Now we are we are sheep of God, not goats. Praise the Lord. Temperance. Ah temperance. Against such there is no law. How many of you are saying, "Lord, help me with my love. Help me with my joy. Help me with my peace, my longsuffering, my gentleness, my goodness, and faith." Faith is also a fruit of the spirit. People focus more on one fruit only. Amen. Some people are only planting for faith. But he's saying faith is a fruit of the spirit, meekness, temperance. Now remember when we are preaching these things we are preaching it for the development of the body of Christ because these things are hindering the growth for you coming to full adoption. Hallelujah. We're dealing with the nature and like we are saying when the seed is planted the fruit of the spirit amen is love. You're getting all of these fruits on the tree. All of these fruits. Praise the Lord. So when God takes personal responsibility for you, he is concerned about your well-being and how you are developing as a son. Therefore, he puts the Holy Spirit in you which is your guide, your teacher, the spirit of truth to give a report back to him how you are progressing. But the Holy Spirit will also come to give a report on the f to the father on your different stages in the journey. What does my son have need of? Because amen, I'll supply all of his needs. But sometimes you're only going and asking God for money. Sometimes you're only asking God for a certain thing, but God says he wants to supply all of your needs. So which means if you're lacking the fruit of the spirit, he also wants to supply that. If you are lacking spiritual things, he also wants to supply that. Amen. Hallelujah. As much as God is concerned about your natural needs, he's concerned about your spiritual needs. And God has taken responsibility over your spiritual needs as well. You come of age, you're looking for a young man, you're looking for a wife. Amen. To settle down, God says he'll supply all your needs. Amen. As you progress, you need a house, you need a car, God says he supply all your needs. You can't change scripture. Philippians 4:19 said, "My God shall supply all your needs." In the in the book of Psalm verse 50 and 10, it says, "For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a thousand hills. Praise the Lord." So everything on this earth is the Lord's. We've got to recognize that we are sons and as sons we can make a claim to father. Hallelujah. You see that we just read there about that rich young ruler and we read how he was down in that pig pen. But something about him knew that he was tied to his father. And he said, "Even the servants in my father's house have more food." Amen. They have bread to spare. But here I'm eating pig's food. Now I want I want you to say God wants to elevate your life this morning. God wants to take you from whatever condition you are in now. Even if you think it's okay condition, it doesn't mean that's where God wants you. Yes, God wants you at a higher level. Thank you, Lord. Now, I'm going to say this. We have received the word. How many of us can say we have received the word? But I'm asking, have we become the word? Receiving is one thing, but have we become the word? We have received the truth. Have we believed the truth? Now, the question is, not only that, when Jesus said, "I am the way, I am the truth, and I am the life. His bride is now the way. His bride is now the truth on the earth. And his bride is now the life upon the earth. If we don't understand that we are the way, the truth and the life right now that we represent God's grace upon the earth, then we don't understand the second for mystery purpose that is its Christ in bright form. that when we are making the statements, it is Christ in us that are making the statements. Christ is still the way. Christ is still the truth and Christ is still the life. But now you are seeing it in bright form. We have received the living bread of life. We have eaten the bread of life. Now the question is, have we become the bread of life so others can eat? Amen. Jesus said he is the way to life. We walk in this way to life. The question is have we become the way for others to follow? Have we become the other the way so others we can lead others to life? You see everything that pertain to Jesus Christ in the masculine form is now pertaining to the bride because it's Christ in her in bride form. Hallelujah. He says when we when we are filled with the Holy Spirit we become partakers of the divine not a partaker of the church but partaker of divine nature. The divine nature changing your old vile nature into a nature that loves God. One time we didn't love God but now the Holy Spirit has come within us. We love God. Amen. We believe every word that he said is the truth accepting it as your own personal gift from God. The word of God is his personal gift to us. When a believer comes like that, God gives him a checkbook for any redemptive blessing he died for. If you want to read the blessings you can claim, it's in this book, the book called the Bible. And he says, "You receive a checkbook when you come like this for any redemptive blessing that Amen. that he died for." And Jesus name is signed at the bottom of it. Praise the Lord. You see, here's a check. Lord, help. Here's a check. It says it's signed Jesus Christ at the bottom. Yeah, it's signed here. Now, it's written, "Whosoever believeth in me," that's the one that can cash the check. If you believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, the only place that's left for you to fill is for you to fill what you want. Which means in our modern language, he gave you a blank check. Praise the Lord. Now we can choose to write 50 rand there. We can choose to draw sparingly or we can say I'm a co-air with Jesus and every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse and every line and we can make a claim based on the word of God. So listen what he says. He says every redemptive blessing he died for and Jesus name is signed at the bottom of it. Are you afraid to fill it out? If you're afraid to fill it out, you're a coward because which means you don't believe the word. You don't believe there's money in the bank. Amen. You don't believe there's money in the bank. You don't believe God can send a camel train to get a Rebecca for you. You don't believe that God can send a camel train to get a Isaac for you. Hallelujah. You don't believe like Lot that God can take care of you where you are right now. So you're looking at Sodom and you're looking at Gomorrah and you're saying, "Let me go and make my place, my dwelling there." But look at how God blessed Abraham. God can come to where you are and blessed your surroundings. You're afraid to fill it out. You're a coward. You can you never have come in contact with God. But once you get in contact with God and the Holy Spirit makes Christ real to your heart. You're not afraid to take God at his word any time to believe cuz you've been in contact with the supernatural. You come back into fellowship. You come back in reconciliation through the blood and believe God. And you know you've been in his divine presence. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Now a son who's walking like this controls atmospheres. A son who recognizes his position. You as a son and daughter of God, you control situations with your presence. Hallelujah. And faith can't work up in an emotional state. So your spirit has to remain calm. Praise the Lord. So which means that the next emergency you are going to encounter, how are you encountering that emergency? Are you all panicked? Are you calling for your ma? Are you calling yama? What are you saying at your next emergency? How are you approaching it as a son of God? Because a son and a daughter of God controls everything controls atmospheres, controls situations, controls circumstances. He is not wrestling with flesh and blood. When when your boss comes against you and he's and he's riing and he's raging, your coworker and and you cut off on the street and somebody's is swearing at you, he's not Amen. governed by his external influences. He's just hearing these things and it's bouncing off of him like water off a duck's back because he's covered with an oil, the Holy Ghost oil. So, which means you don't respond to their utterances because that's Satan working to rile you up. Praise the Lord. So, we are controlling everything. You walk into a room and you control atmospheres. You walk into a room and people are squabbbling and fighting. You change the atmosphere because of the presence you carry. You become peacemaker. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He's not looking at everything with with carnal eyes but with spiritual eyes. And he's discerning spirits. Praise the Lord. That the two that man that came there to crush every bone in the prophet's body, prophet was able to discern his spirit. Somebody tell you something. Come here. Who you think you're talking to? We always want to react out of the flesh first. Praise the Lord. Amen. The only thunder some people know is they say, "I'll give you one thunder." Amen. What is this? Old nature creeping up. The Bible says, "Behold, Amen. You are a new creation. We sing that song. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Old things have passed away. I'm born again. More than a conqueror. That's who I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So which means that this person that's controlling atmospheres and and situations, he's not working in anxiety. He's not working in stress. He's not working in fear. You know this the slightest symptom we get, we diagnose ourselves because some of us don't have medical aid. We go to Dr. Google and Dr. Google can be a wide range of what the symptoms you're feeling. and you go for the worst one. Hey, see what Dr. Google is telling me. This must be right. You never even go see a physical GP. You believe Google and you're telling everyone now Google said this. Working in stress, you don't know what he's doing to your body. Prophet says you know worry causes cancer causes sicknesses in our body. We're carrying this worry carrying this fear carrying this anxiety. Amen. But a son is perfectly calm in the midst of the storm. He remains perfectly calm. Others are telling you why why are you sitting here? Why are you not doing something? You're not understanding that person is the son of God and he's controlling atmospheres right now. External influences of demon powers are not going to make him get flustered. He's going to stand up there like a son of God now over that situation and he's going to speak. Praise the Lord. We are going to speak and change atmospheres. So which means our words has power to change an atmosphere. Amen. Go into a volatile room where there's anger and strife and worry. Your words are going to change an atmosphere. You're looking at work and you're looking. The business is not coming in this month. You are not stressed. Neither are you worried. As a son of God, you stand there in your perfect position and you start to thank the Lord for the orders that are coming through, for the business that is coming through. All businesses have budgets. All businesses have targets. You look there on your board and you see what your target is and you thank the father that you have already rece achieved your target for the month. But it's one day before month end. I don't care if it's one day before month end or if it is the day of month end. If you are trusting God to meet you at the point of your needle, Lord, I as your son of God have set this target. Praise the Lord. Amen. You speak I'm talking about the divine nature now. Amen. We've only got time to speak about divine nature right now. But divine nature makes you operate like your father. That's what DNA is. That's what genetic is. That's what gene seed is. Praise the Lord. You speak and you create. Amen. Hallelujah. The prophet says when a son is adopted, you see like what we read there in Luke 15, the father gave him a ring. The father gave him a rope and the father said kill the fatted calf. He says for my son which was dead is now alive. Do you know when you're not making a claim in your father's kingdom, the father thinks you're dead. But he came back to make a claim. Because let me tell you, whether he was making claim as a son or claim on the servants's goods, it was still the father's goods. He thought it'll go in a sneaky way. I want what the servants's got. But even what the servants got is the father's. So the father is saying, "You are my son. You carry my genetics within you." The father doesn't even answer him. He just starts to instruct. This is my boy. You see this? This is my boy. This is my boy. No accusing voice could come before the father. Hallelujah. The accusing voice comes after the adoption. Oh, come on. After he places the robe, after he kills a fed calf, after he gives him a ring, after he adopts him, people get jealous, people get anxiety and stress. Amen. I was you all along. You never killed a cow for me. Amen. It's too late. Now he says whoever this son because he's come to adoption now he can fire that person was in the company 40 years if that son now comes and he says you know what you are doing a very bad job here you're fired his firing is as good as a father firing and if he comes now and he says you know what you've been here for 40 years which means you're now 65 it's time for you to retire you started this company when you're 25, you've been here 40 years, you're 65, it's time for you to retire. He brings a young man in. He can hire who he wants to hire and fire who he wants to fire. Then he goes to conducting father's business and he says the his signature on the check is as good as the father's. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's close on this. Last week we were speaking on Peter and John. Peter and John we were telling you is the statue of a perfect man. Hallelujah. From faith to love. Statue of a perfect man coming before there. And somebody made a claim on them. Arms, arms, arms. Somebody was asking. So if somebody's asking a son and daughter of God who is now carries the divine nature of God, you always have something to give. Why are you always thinking monetary? Let me ask you that. The first thing we do is say I got no money. But Peter never told the man silver, silver and gold have I none and walked away. What he had, he said, such as I have give I unto thee. Yeah. So even if somebody's asking you for money and you don't have it, who said you mustn't impart what you have, a divine nature son of God, Peter and John, the fullness of the stature of the perfect man, he's saying, "I don't have what you are asking me for, but I'm going to give you what I have." Hallelujah. People come to your house, they knock there. Can I have some food? You say you don't have food. You say, "Okay, I don't have food, but I've got this." Praise the Lord. So, which means that the the son operating in divine nature is always giving off the fruit of his tree. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So, I don't have what you are asking of me, but I can pray for you. That's what Peter and John did. They said, "Such as I have, give I unto thee, and I'm going to meet your greater need." Praise the Lord. Who's going to rise up to that? Who's going to rise up to that? Amen. Hallelujah. Namas, watch how far some people are going to change their giving. That's how humans are. Instead of now giving what they have, they say, "I'd rather give them the five rand." The five rand is easier to give. The 10 rand is easier to give than for you to give something supernatural. Let me say that again. Some people didn't catch it. Some people are going to find it easier to now start giving monetary than to give spiritually because the flesh man always wants to rise up. The prophet says you go to the garage there and the Bowser boy is filling your car. when he comes around. Amen. He says you witness to him. He says you witness to the milkman. He says you witness to your friends at work. He says the the mother doing her duties at home and raising up their child. How many of you know you won't always see the manifestation in high powerful situations like praying for the sick, the glory revealed, like cripples healed. But he says when you are you are a mother at home raising your child, he says there's a manifestation. You are manifesting the son of God again. When you are fulfilling your role and your duty, you're witnessing on the roadside, witnessing to your friends, your loved one. He says there's a manifestation. You are manifesting Christ. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. They ask him a question. Will everyone be able to operate like this? He says no. He says not everyone will have the faith to pray for the blind eyes. He says there because they are different levels of faith. He says but you can manifest your part sometimes you know our what's our part sisters have more of this they have charity they have affection they have love they are thinking hey you know what brother Romesh is staying alone let me cook a nice meal for him and give it to him. Hey, there's a manifestation right there. I know you're saying amen internally. Hallelujah. Let me bake a cake. What I have, what the Lord has given me is just to bake a cake. Even if it's the last oil and meal I have, my manifestation is to bake this cake and give it to the servant of God. Practical manifestation. Hey, I thought we were going to finish on a high here with some amens and some hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I I know you're probably thinking right now, amen. Cuz I'm showing you different forms of manifestation. My gift the Lord has given me for the Kenzo is to make pickle. I make pickle mango and I know brother Sunonny loves pickle mango. So next week I'm bringing him I'm not I'm not putting a claim on you can I don't know if brother Sunny likes pickle mango, right? Maybe he likes lime pickle. I don't know. But I'm trying to show you whatsoever you have, the little you have, you can extend love to somebody and say, "Brother, this is all I have. Can I give this to you?" Amen. Praise the Lord. Some people don't brother Clive maybe don't know how to manifest it but maybe he heard your tap is leaking but now he's got the expertise and the skill such as I have give I unto thee and he comes and he says you know what I'm coming to sort that tap praise the Lord whatsoever the Lord has blessed us with we can use that to be a blessing to others Praise the Lord. The Lord gave me 100,000 rand. Now, everyone loves this one. Now, you want to manifest and you say, you know what? Now, don't be like that one and go tell the person the Lord told me you must give me 50,000 rand. And that person going to say, funny, the Lord didn't tell me that. Amen. But it must come from your heart. You see a need. You see your brother in need. They can't pay their rent. They can't pay their light account. You overheard the conversation. Hey, I'm behind in my rent. You go and do something for them quietly. Amen. You heard somebody saying they don't have bread. You become their source. There's a manifestation. Amen. So, let me close with this. Hallelujah. So these men, I'm going to dramatize it now as we close. Remember the scribes and the Pharisees wondered about these men. We read the scripture on Wednesday too. They took note that these men had been with Jesus. So which means they did an analysis. They did a test. You're getting it. Brother Romesh also always quick because he's right here up front. always he gets it first. They did a test and their results came back. This men had been with Jesus. They operating like Jesus. Something is wrong because we killed Jesus. We put him in a tomb. We don't know what happened to him, but the soldiers we placed there told us that an angel came and he opened the tomb and Jesus rose from the dead. And we paid those soldiers to keep quiet. Now, how come they're standing before you? These men look different, but they're acting like Jesus. When they speak, things are happening like Jesus did. We thought we got rid of one Jesus. Now they're standing here. Peter and John, who's just like Jesus. So, which means they did a DNA test. And when Jesus was in the tomb, when they killed him, they did a DNA test because Jesus always claimed that God was his father. So the first DNA test they did was on Jesus Christ. They said, "Now we got him. He's dead." They took a sample, went to their labs, and they tested this thing. They ran it through their database, and they found no match because all their database had was earthly fathers. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. So, they couldn't trace his DNA back to Joseph. That's what they found. They I'm dramatizing this. Please allow me the liberty to dramatize it. They they they thought they were going to finally find that his birth was traced back to Joseph, but they couldn't find human DNA in him. So they wondered was God his father? Really? Remember this Roman soldier when he died in the that it went dark in the middle of the day. He said truly this was the son of God. Peter I mean the pilot even said I find no fault with this man. He's got perfect DNA. Hallelujah. Yes. So now they had Jesus's DNA sample. Now they caught Peter and John and they threw them in prison. Praise the Lord. They threw them in prison and they took samples from them and they tested their DNA. How come these men were able to speak and this man arose? Let's test their DNA. see maybe something they got supernatural power or something here. So they started to do a DNA test on them and the results came back and they found something astonishing. Remember these men had just been baptized with the Holy Ghost. So which means they were no longer the son. What's was Simon's father's name? Barjonah. He was no longer the son of Bjona. And John was no longer the sons of of uh Zebedee. They couldn't trace him. They said, "But we know your father, but your DNA is not tracing back to Baja. Your DNA is not tracing back to Zebedee." In fact, when we are looking at the sample, your sample is exactly like Jesus. The DNA results are coming the same. We can find no earthly trace. Your DNA results are the same. We find the same faith that was in you is in Jesus. The same virtue in you is in Jesus. The same temperance in you is in Jesus. The same knowledge in you is in Jesus. The same godliness in you is in Jesus. The same brotherly kindness in you is in Jesus. The same love that's in you is in Jesus. The DNA results came back the same. Because of the gene seed. I'll close by saying this again. Maybe you didn't catch it earlier. God sealed your womb by sending you with the DNA seed that you can take no earthly seed of any man-made creed or dogma. Let's stand. Give God a good ankle clap of praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Crowning our ministry as adopted sons of God. So I say maybe some of us still have work to do in the aspect of divine nature. Let's get rid of anger, temperance. I mean, let's get rid of anger and and uh this illtempers and and all of these backbitings and gossipings and fightings and those are not natures of the sons of God. Now, no, you know, sometimes the flesh man is the prophet says sticky nature is always there. But you stop immediately and say, "No, no, no, no. Something is wrong. Lord, this thing is going to bow to me today." This nature is going to bow to me today. I will not allow this to dominate my life. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing and glorify his name. Amen. The father is identifying you as his son. You as the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ, the wife, the prophet says, you will not fall like the first Eve fell because your womb has been sealed with the gene seed. It's time to bring it in the right atmosphere, in the right conditions. Now remember what I said. If you can't take correction from anyone, there's something wrong. So which means you must be accountable to somebody. Who is the person that you are accountable to that you can go when you know you're wrong and you say, you know what, brother, I did this wrong. I know I'm wrong. Who are you accountable to? Amen. Can we find such a person that we can say you know what the Bible says why don't you confess your faults one to another I can go to brother Romesh you know what brother Romesh yesterday I came over the situation and this person made me so angry this is not a true story now I'm just dramatizing it I came across this situation and this person made me so angry and I lost my temper with him but that's not who I want to be you see I'm having a heart-to- heart conversation with you that's not who I want to be I know My father is. Amen. So I can we pray together and pray that I bring this thing under subjection. Amen. Hallelujah. Some of you need to give your bush knife back to Bobby. Amen. He phoned and he asked for it back. Let's get rid of all carnal nature. If we truly want to see sons of God arise, we first start with divine nature. Divine nature first. Out of nature will come character. Praise the Lord. But we just dealt with divine nature this morning. Amen. Let's just sing. Give me a key there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory be to his name. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. See, [Music] see. Hallelujah. See a [Music] bonga. See a bonga. [Music] Sabonga. Oh, let the spirit of praise arise. Let's worship him. Sabonga means thank you. Just thank the Lord. Thank your father. [Music] Sing. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Let's sing. Thank you, Jesus. Sing it out. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh thank you Jes. Thank you Jesus. Oh let's sing. Lord I love you. Oh hallelujah. Lord I [Music] love Lord I love you. I love you Lord. Lord, I love I love your word. I love your people, oh God. Oh Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love. Oh, just raise our hands and sing hallelujah. Let's just worship him now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to your name. Hallelujah to the King of Kings. Hallelujah to the Lord of Lords. Halleluah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh we bless your name Lord. We give you glory Lord Jesus. Glory be to your name, Father. Oh, we adore you, Father. We thank you, Lord, that you care for us, oh God. We are thank you, Lord, that we are your personal responsibility, oh God. That Lord, you watch over us. You care for us, oh God. You said your yoke is easy and your burden is light, oh God. You said, "Cast all your cares upon me, for I careth for you, Lord Jesus." Oh, we give you glory, Lord Jesus. We give you honor. We give you praise, oh God. We thank you, Lord. You have never left us. You said you will never leave us. You will never forsake us even until the end of the age, oh God. And Lord, you've been a faithful father. You've been a faithful friend. You've been a faithful God to us, oh God, in our worst of times, oh God. You've been faithful, oh God, in our best of times, oh God. You've been faithful, oh God. How we love you, Lord Jesus. How we appreciate you, Lord. Oh, we adore you, Lord. We thank you, Father. There is none like you, oh God. Thank you father that you have given us your DNA oh God. Thank you Lord for the gene seed oh God that this bride cannot take any other seed oh God because of the gene seed that has sealed our womb oh God how we give you praise God how we give you glory God how we give you honor father thank you Jesus oh Lord help us to change atmospheres oh God help us to change situations oh God let the divine nature of God arise in our souls oh God. Oh, we give you glory, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, external influences do not govern me. Amen. I'm governed by God Almighty. The spirit of God is within me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Worthy is your name, oh God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Give me E. Thank you, Jesus. And I sing because I'm happy and I sing because I am free. You see his eye is on the sparrow. And I know Jesus watches over me. And I sing because I'm happy. Are you happy? And I sing because I am free for his eye is on the sparrow. And I know Jesus watches over me. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus and what he has done for me, my very soul cries out. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Amen. Once I was a prodigal but when I think of the goodness when I think I've come back to father's house what is done he has done my very soul. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, when I remember, when I remember how he brought us out, we were lost in sin. We were trapped in all kinds of religion. We were trapped in the pig pen. Oh, when [Music] I What the Lord has done, how he brought me out with a shout. Oh, sing. No, no, no, no, no. Thank you, Lord. Give you glory, Father. I'll never go back. Not going back to that pig pen, oh God. Not going back to legacy and conditions. Oh God, not going back to that chicken yard. Oh God, I will never go back. Oh, when I remember when I remember how the Lord saved me, how he raised me, I'll never go back. Oh, anymore. When I remember how Mama Eagle cried out, I'll never go back anymore. Sing. No, no, no, no, no. To fear, no to anxiety, no to depression. Oh, no to sickness. No anymore, no no [Music] no. I will never go back anymore. Oh, give the Lord a good anchor of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. How if you here want to raise your hand to the Lord and be prayed for and say, "Father, I realize the gene seed, the important of the gene seed within me, oh God, and now you send the Holy Spirit, Lord, to germinate that gene seed to life so that I can bring forth the divine nature of Christ, oh God." Amen. Hallelujah. Maybe some of our trees stunted growth or maybe it's not producing the right kind of fruit. But the Holy Ghost can sort that out right now. The Holy Ghost, amen, is a great farmer. The Holy Ghost can take care of that tree. He knows what kind of compost you need. He knows what kind of nutrients you need right now to let that tree grow to its full stature that you can produce love, joy, peace, happiness, meekness, temperance. Say, "Father, work on my tree this morning. Help me to produce the fruits of the spirit, oh God, that others can eat of my tree, oh God. There's famine in the land, but I have a tree that they can feed on, oh God. Oh, hallelujah. Holy Ghost, bring the nutrients we need right now. Bring the air we need. Bring the water we need. Bring the rain that we need. Hallelujah. Oh, is that the cry of somebody here this morning? Thank you, Lord. Lord, I want my tree to be full of fruit. Oh God, help me, Jesus. Amen. Come, brother Jeff, close in prayer. Amen. There's many hands that are raised. What we're really praying is the Holy Ghost comes right now and give the right kind of nutrients to that plant this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. And our heavenly father, we thank you Lord, Father, for the goodness of God. We thank you for your presence, oh Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord, that it is sweet to be in your presence, oh God. Father, in your presence, we can find joy and peace, Lord, we find the nourishment that we need, oh God. And Father, we know, Lord, that you are great Jehovah Eagle, oh God. And that Lord, you can feed us beak to beak, oh God. And Father, we know Lord that Lord, you have that right spiritual diet, Father. You have the right prescription, oh God. Lord, we don't want to take any just prescription that we can get out there in the world, Father. But Lord, we want to take something, Lord, that you have provided, Lord. Father, we want to come your provided way, Lord Jesus. Because in that way, Father, Lord, there's a inexhaustible fountain, oh God. Lord, when we are found in your perfect will, we know, Lord, that our needs are met, oh God. We know that provision is made, oh God. And Lord, we pray Lord this morning. Oh God, whatever the needs of your people are Lord. Lord, they may be many. Oh God, we know Lord that some might have financial Lord. Some might have spiritual needs. Oh God, some Lord maybe need Lord the victory in their minds oh God. But Lord I pray whatever it is this morning oh God they will receive oh God let your Holy Spirit Lord pour out Lord upon each and everyone Lord whatever their heart's desires are oh God. And I pray oh Lord that we will be able to grow up Lord Father a strong tree oh God bearing fruit in this hour Lord that Lord we will not be barren oh God that when the master passes by and has need of fruit that it will not be cursed to the roots but rather Lord it will have fruit oh God oh father that the master may be may be pleased oh God and I pray this morning oh God even as we go our separate ways Lord we go into our workplaces into our schools and so forth Lord may we be able to give out such as we have. Lord, may we be able to give out eternal life. Lord, may we be able to give out blessings, oh God. Lord, may people, Lord, see the light of God in us, oh God. And Father, I pray, oh Lord, that they will come to the knowledge of the truth because they have seen your life reflected again, Father. Lord, we pray, Lord, this hour, Lord, you'll prepare us, oh God. Wherever we may be lacking, Lord, Lord, whatever step we are in the stature of a perfect man, Father, I pray, oh Lord, you'll help us to come up higher, you'll help us to grow, Lord. And Lord, Father, may we be strong in the Lord. May we be brave and courageous in this hour, oh God. We ask all these things your wonderful and precious name, oh God. And we believe, Lord, that you have granted us our heart's desires according to your riches and mercies. In Jesus name we ask these things. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Give Amen. You want to clap? Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful father we have. Amen. So pray. Amen. Even as you go, you'll be blessed. Amen. And let's work. Let's work to achieve all that the father has given us. Amen. Hallelujah. How do we do that? We take the word. When I'm saying work, you can't work by external works. Feed on the word. Do that work. feed on the work word and watch how your nature will change. Amen. So the Lord be with you. Amen. Until we meet again on witness day. Amen. Praise the Lord.
