################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - The Purpose of GOD | Pastor Dele Adelodun (Nigeria) | 23-04-2025 | IN MEMORY OF PASTOR RONNIE GENGAN - Dele Adelodun - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-24
Title:   The Purpose of GOD | Pastor Dele Adelodun (Nigeria) | 23-04-2025 | IN MEMORY OF PASTOR RONNIE GENGAN
Speaker: Dele Adelodun
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zla-WJkDXr4
========================================

[Music] I was the around in a manger not knowing the purpose for which I was born of my [Music] destin I was born born again. My life has been made of my father's now my soul. And now I know I was born to be a supernova. Hallelujah. Shining stars in this hour. I was born to be I was born to be super shining stars in this hour. Amen. [Music] My love was always protected by power. Amen. Great in stronger. Hallelujah. My evil dream strong and stronger. And now I know I was born to be a super. Amen. Shining stars in this hour. I was born to be I was born to be a [Music] supernov and shine. Let your light shine in his power. With this will be sh by super. Amen. Oh, wow. [Music] Now your life was blowing for power and authority. Oh, dream will take a little [Music] snowfl this hour. I would want to be [Music] Super shining star this hour. I was born to be I was born to be super shine the stars in this hour. [Music] I want to be a supernova. A super no sh [Music] this hallelujah. Amen. We call our show unfold is also going to guest the Lord's song this evening. Hallelujah. Wow. God bless you all. We have to be learn to still be a testimony. Amen. Everywhere we go, we have to share testimony because I'm a witness and a witness always shares testimony. So this is a song of testimony. Most of you possibly know the song. Maybe some do not know. uh think that it was the Easter weekend and I just want to sing this as a reminder of what I have and what God also gives to each one. Very well. We have heard of Moses crossing the mighty Red Sea. And I of Joshua leading Israel to victory. But in this day, I'm looking for present reality. I'm looking for the literal life of Christ to be [Music] born into the [Music] resurrection of the bride. We can hear the sounding. The wood is deep inside. And I'm here. He call my name. Oh, I'm looking for the quickening power, the rapture and the train. the empath of shepherd and demon of David's mighty men and we heard of the power of dancing when the spirit came on him. of the day. We are looking for the dark on display with the might of Christ in the bride. He's the [Music] resurrection of the bride. [Music] We can hear the t sound the wood is deep inside and [Music] I'm call my name. So I'm looking for the power and the king. [Music] We [Music] know seven angels care. We know that the seals will open to restore the bride again. And we are looking for the purple of this flame with the mind of rising in the [Music] bright [Music] consideration of the bride. We can hear the thunder sounding. The B is deep inside and I'm hearing him call my name. So I'm looking for the great power, the rapture and the change. The SP has brought us out of Mo and from leaning in the field where we made the Lord of Har has revealed. And now is the time of purging for [Music] weing to kill them and sin no more. The token is what we looking for. The end time word must come back to see. The gentile bride she must conceive. A blast of thunder and a prophet shout. It's for redemption will bring us out from the field of gleaning into God's eyes. Oh, the [Music] resurrection of the [Music] bride. We can hear the sounding [Music] the call my name. Oh, I'm looking for a bigger power. The rapture [Music] ever power and humility. I want my body changed like the off. The sleeping saints will rise and the bride will take the blood. With the resurrection power is falling. The sleeping face will rise and the bright light when the resurrection power is falling. [Music] My sleeping faith will arise and the bride will take a flight. When the resurrection our [Music] falling hallelujah the resurrection power we call sister Carol. Amen. Amen. I greet every brother and sister in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Pray that you'll be blessed with this song. Amen. [Music] manifested in the prophet. He was a super sign for the [Music] age. God came and served with him until he came in his image. Yeah. God brought him to a place where gave sister hat right her boys and [Music] fishing his people. [Music] Yes. The one may rest in the end [Music] time. God and his [Music] people manifested the end. [Music] Our priest and king is rebuilding Jerusale. [Music] He wants to stop within the royal seat of Abraham. He wants to take you to a place where you speak and then create It will be all by his word and nobody change God and his people. It's a super sign. [Music] The word manifested in you and I. God calling his people. It's a [Music] super the manifested in the end time. Oh God, what was he pouring Christ? Oh Christ was heal. He wants to pour himself in young and old. So we must we must be part. Let's go on to perfection. Let us labor till the end. Let's work together with our William Brandom so the people will live again. Oh God in his people. It's a super super sign the word manifesting in you and [Music] I God in his people. It's a super sign. the word manifested in the end time. Let's put our hands together again. [Music] [Music] [Music] these people. It's a super sign. The word manifested in you and [Music] I God in his people. into [Music] super manifested in you and I. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's stand together. Let's just get change the atmosphere. Let's man get into a time of worship. Amen. Lamb was worthy. Amen. To take the book. Amen. He alone was worthy. Thank you for the promise, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this [Music] love. Thank you for the milk. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know you're [Music] forgi you now ground you victorious. I am lifted up Jesus. Jesus, son of God. He's the d of heaven. Sing. Worthy is [Music] God. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you. Thank you for the price. You bought a sin she bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace and thank you for this love. [Music] Thank you for the milk and wash me. Wash me in your cleansing love. Now all I know you forgive your praise. See it all [Music] the crown you down in clouds. You bring me [Music] victori Jesus. Jesus son of God. The time of [Music] [Music] heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Let's raise our hands and seat up. What is the lamb? What is the lamb? What is the lamb? I am Jesus son of God who died of crucified. [Music] What is [Music] done? Worthy is [Music] done. Worthy is done. Oh, he's so worthy. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's worthy of all praise. Amen. Oh, we worship you, God. Yes, Lord. Amen. And even as we get ready to call our pastor Adrian forward. Amen. We're going to hear the word of God tonight. Amen. We want his spirit to speak expressly. Amen. To our hearts. Let's sing. Only believe that all things are possible. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Only all things are possible. [Music] Holy will, [Applause] [Music] [Music] only that all things [Music] However, holy and sing Jesus is young. Jesus is [Music] young. Jesus is young. And all things are possible. Jesus is Jesus is [Music] Jesus. Jesus is all things. Everything is possible in Jesus. Amen. Can we just raise our hands and say, "Lord, I believe. Lord, I Amen." And the Lord can meet our expectations this evening. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Oh, come in every way. Lord [Music] Jesus, I want you to speak. Oh God, may the angel of God, Lord, just take the book and offer the book, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. I believe. Hallelujah. Sing Lord. [Music] All things are possible. All things. Everything is possible. Lord, I believe. Let's just sing. The angel is here. Amen. You believe he's here. Angel. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. The angels [Music] and all things are possible. All things are possible. Oh, the angel. The angel is you. The angels need you. Hallelujah. The angel is here and all things are possible. The angels is Hallelujah. Father, we come before you thanking you, Lord, for this glorious time, oh God, where we can come together in your most holy presence, oh God. Lord, even as the songs of Zion have been sung, oh God, to give you great glory and praise, Father, I pray, Lord, that you would have received the worship, oh God, you would inhabit the praises of your people, oh God. Lord, you said you were looking for a time where true worshippers can worship in spirit and in truth. Oh God, Father, your bride, your wife comes to worship you, to give you honor and praise. Oh God, I pray, Lord, that you be faithful, Lord, to come down and speak to us through your precious word. Oh God, anoint your minister whom you have chosen tonight. Oh God, and Lord, even as our hearts are under expectation, oh God, in anticipation of what you are going to do, Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, that every need will be met, oh God, every desire will be answered, Lord, every question will be answered, oh God. And Lord, we ask you to have free cause, Lord. May your Holy Ghost just flow through this place, oh God. The great love spirit just go over your people, oh God. And I pray, Lord, that Lord, your spirit will just meet the need and Lord, discern every heart. We pray, Lord Jesus. Even as Lord, you take the book, may you be known by the way you break the bread, Lord Jesus. Lord, open the eyes, oh God. We pray once again. We love you. We appreciate you. Lord, we welcome you once again in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's give the Lord a good act of praise. Amen. You may receive this for moments. Greet everyone in the mighty, mighty, mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. The name that is above every other name. Amen. The name at which demons tremble. Amen. And if I'm not mistaken, it is your married name. Amen. I don't think some of you heard that. It is your married name. So the name is not too distant from you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Graham says you came predestinated with a wedding band of unmmerited grace. Meaning no other man can put his eye on you because he already gives you a ring. And once they see a ring on your finger, you are spoken for. Amen. So we thank the Lord. Amen. And we Amen. Welcome every pastor, every believer that has come into the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. We have Pastor Eshko, Pastor Mvin, Pastor Denzel, Pastor Mvin. Amen. Pastor Leon in the back there. Amen. Any other pastors here, welcome you. Any other ministers, welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. But we have a special guest. Yes. Beside our Lord Jesus Christ, he's the greatest guest. Amen. We have our pastor D and his wife. We'd like to say welcome back. Amen. Hallelujah. Previous time uh he came, our pastor came. Amen. He was good friends with my dad. So my dad would have gladly received him this time. Yeah. But Amen. He's reminding me that he came last in 2016 and he was still at the school then. Amen. And we had a wonderful time of fellowship. Amen. He's always been a blessing to us and we're expecting nothing less this evening. How many of you have come in expectation? How many of you came full? We ask you to go and empty out. Amen. Because we need to empty out because as much as we empty out is more we can receive and receive and receive of the Lord. How many of you enjoyed the Easter meetings? Let's give the Lord a good act of praise, a tremendous blessing. Amen. So, we're so privileged, pastor, to have you here tonight with us. Amen. And to share the word of the Lord. I also want to say we enjoyed every song item. You notice the song items all had a common theme. Amen. It's the bride's message. So, we thank you. Amen. For all the song items, the young ones. Amen. I think that's Pastor Esco's children. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Pastor Brother Shervin. Thank you to my wife, Sister Karen, for the song items. I think you set the atmosphere for the service. So, we under expectation. Let's stand together and sing, I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting God. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to invite our dear pastor to come and be at liberty to share the word of the Lord. Amen. And allow the Holy Spirit, the great angel of God to come and move and speak. Amen. Yes. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting [Music] God. Sweetest Holy Spirit. Oh, somebody desperate here this evening. I'm desperate for your touch. Sing. I know you're more I know you're more than able to meet me in this place. to meet me in this place. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting Jesus. Come expecting I've come expecting. One more time. Sing. I'm not expecting. Oh, I'm expecting. Amen. Hold [Music] up. I'm coming [Music] with Holy Spirit. I'm desperate for [Music] [Applause] your I know you more than a to me in this place. I've come [Music] [Music] accepting God. Amen. Hallelujah. By the grace of God, God we shall see. Amen. Praise the Lord. May we please bow our heads for a word of prayer. Gracious Almighty God, we thank you one more time tonight for this privilege that we have to be your sons and to be your daughters for anointing our eyes with your eyes out to recognize our day and the message of the same it's a paradox oh God that we that seem to be nobody groping in the darkness of life who suddenly find ourself in you by the seat of election. Thank you for unveiling thyself to us. Thank you for making a meaning out of life. And unto this we are gathered tonight. Father, may you accept our gathering. Accept our praises. Accept our worship. May you also accept our person. Let nothing, oh God, stand between our soul and the savior. May you come by one more time to reveal thyself to us. Give us things that will take us deeper in your love that will take us higher in your joy that will establish us more and more in the present truth. And as we are nearing your return things that will make us to look more and more like you. Grant it heavenly father. Bless your servant the pastor here. Bless the ministers that associated with him. Bless the board of the church. Bless every family. You promised to build your church. You said the gate of hell will not prevail. May you confirm that promise in the life of this local assembly. Bless all your servants who are in him tonight for this service, the sacrifices they have made together with their congregation to support the meetings. Lord, may they never lose their reward. Amen. Be with every assembly. Be with every brother, every sister. And for all the cares that we have enjoyed, may you bless your people. May they never lose your reward. Lord, be with us one more time tonight. If there be those still coming on their way, may you guide their path. If there's those who are still in their houses, may you give them a quickening. And if there are those who are connected one way or the other with us, may your cable pass from you to us and from us unto them that we all like partakers of the same blessing. Grant it dear, Father, as we commit thy word this time and ourselves into thy care in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. The Lord bless you, saints. Amen. Uh it's a privilege to stand before you one more time tonight. Amen. And so I don't keep you standing. I will request that we read our Bible so we can take the comfort of our seats and we shall trust God for what he has for us. Amen. Amen. Uh if you go home, I want you to read Romans chapter 9. Uh it's a background uh to what we are looking at tonight. But I'm just going to read a verse from the book of Romans chapter 8 verse 28. Romans 8:28. Amen. For tonight. Amen. And I will take another one verse from Proverbs 19. Verse 21, Romans 8:28. If you are there, say, "Amen." Amen. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. Amen. To them who are the called according to his purpose. Yes. Amen. There are certain people who are the called. Amen. Amen. Yes. Yeah. Amen. Okay. Amen. So it is not everybody that all things work together for good. Hallelujah. It's just a category of people. Okay. All right. God will help us. Yes. Amen. And um Proverbs chapter 19 verse 21. Proverbs 19:21. There are many devices in a man's heart. Nevertheless, the council of the Lord that shall stand. Amen. May the Lord add his blessings to the reading of his holy word. Amen. God bless you. You may please be seated. I want to thank the Lord tonight for making it possible for us uh to be back in the house of the Lord. Amen. And I appreciate God. Yes. Amen. I also appreciate the kindness of Pastor Hrien to have bid us to come to the house of the Lord. Amen. And they created this platform to be of service. I believing that somewhere along the line we can be of a blessing. Amen. Yes. And I want to appreciate all the servants of God who are in the house tonight. Amen. May the Lord bless you. All the brethren, brothers, sister, families, may God bless you. Your coming is an encouragement. Amen. And I personally do not take it for granted and I trust to God that uh we shall be blessings uh to one another tonight. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Uh for me uh this was where my uh fellowship and relationship in South Africa began. Amen. Some 20 years ago. So coming here gave me a feeling of nostalgia and uh it went deep also because the man who saw it fit uh to invite me without even knowing me. Yeah. He said I just heard about you and I something told me invite that brother and he kept you know there those were the days not of a GSM per say in our side so you use all these landline phone and letters and it kept you know the temple until I gave a response to come and uh that was how my journey to South Africa began some 20 years ago. Amen. And uh I'm so thankful to God uh that I met him and I know I will meet him again. So tonight I want to dedicate a message to his memory. Amen. If you don't mind, but it will be a blessing to you. We can preach to him. Amen. He's had all the sermons. Yes. And he's preached all the sermons. He's gotten everything he needed for perfection. Amen. And that is why God's appointed time, the Lord took him away. Amen. God cannot take us before our time. Absolutely impossible. Amen. Yeah. So tonight I want to speak on the purpose of God. Amen. Amen. So So I'm remembering my friend Pastor Ron Genga. All right. The Lord bless you. Uh this afternoon we had a very nice time with uh Pastor Denzel. Amen. So we welcome you back from Zimbabwe. Welcome Pastor Denzel. with his wife. It was a sweet fellowship just as I've had with other pastors like Pastor Eko several times with pastor Marvin and many times with pastor Adrien and I think some few other brethren. Amen. I was thinking tonight we should have add the missionary report first before I go into the preaching. But nevertheless, I'm sure uh the Lord was so kind to his servants. Uh you will hear it later. We have had our portion and we certainly enjoyed it. It was a sweet fellowship this afternoon and we are thankful to God for that and we appreciate you sir for your time and all that you did your spending to give us some comfort. Amen. Amen. So God bless you saints. And uh I don't know if Mama Genan is in tonight. No, she's not. Oh, she's not in tonight. All right. Okay. The Lord bless everyone of you. Thank you. Okay. So, tonight we are speaking on the purpose of God. Amen. And um the prophet in the message Why Christ speak uh this struck me I think 63 dash 0714M paragraph 43 paragraph 43 he said God has got a purpose of you being here. Yes. Amen. Amen. See, if you can only be get to that place or in other words, get to that purpose. Yes. How much trouble you save God and yourself to. Hallelujah. That struck me deeply. Amen. That we get ourselves into troubles. Yes, sir. We get ourselves into challenges. Yes. We forfeit our peace. Amen. because we couldn't find our purpose. Now, let me say this firsthand as we go along. One of the terrible mistakes we are making or we can make in life is to think that as individuals we can develop or design a purpose for our life. Amen. We can't. If you study the spoken word books, if you study the prophet, you hardly will ever see anywhere. I'm just saying that to give imagine of possibility. Yes. Where you will ever hear the prophet counseling you go and develop a purpose for your life. And I will tell you why tonight. You can only discover a purpose of your existence. Yes. You hear the prophet saying if we can find our purpose. So in life we are on a journey of discovery. Amen. If you can find our purpose not if we can develop a purpose. And the reason is very simple. You are not your maker. It takes the maker Yes. to fashion a purpose. That's right. A maker makes something because a need has been created. Take for instance this microphone here. That's right. Somebody sat down and thought that the way people are shouting to reach the audience. It's not good enough. Yes. Let us do something that will amplify the voice of the speaker. No matter how low he speaks, there are even some microphones. You just talk gently without exerting any energy and your voice is going. You understand? So it was the need that was discovered. That inspired a purpose. Amen. You understand? And it is that purpose that needs to be met. Yes. That inspired the creation of this one. Amen. Are we together? Yeah. So this microphone cannot design or develop a purpose for itself is somebody who created that purpose. And created the product to serve that purpose. So what this one does is to just blend into its own purpose. And you say is useful. It's useful because it's serving the purpose. Amen. You will be useful in the kingdom when you begin to serve your purpose. Hallelujah. I think uh that's very simple enough. Amen. So that will tell you and I firsthand that none of us is an accidental discharge. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Even if your parents thought that your conception was a mistake, to them it was a mistake. Yes. To God, it's an election. Amen. The prophet said natural birth is more mysterious than even the virgin birth of Christ. Hallelujah. Because millions of life competed to be the conception. But by election, it was you that was chosen. And every other lives that were competing had to succumb. Yes. For you to be the one to be the consumption. Amen. So you were one in a million. Amen. That cannot be a chance event. That cannot be an accidental event. There is a purpose to that. Amen. Yes, Lord. So, everybody sitting here tonight, you are a child of purpose. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the prophet said, "Whatever serves the purpose of God will have a better resurrection." Amen. No, no, no. He didn't use the word better. Yes. He said we'll have a resurrection. Let me put it like he put it. Yes. Amen. Whatever serves the purpose of God would have a resurrection. Now by that I want to bring something in purpose. There are two aspects to God's purpose in life. There are those who will help God to serve a purpose. They will serve a purpose for God. Yes. But they are not in the purpose of God. Follow me closely. No complication. You will get it. There are some people who will serve the purpose of God. Amen. Amen. But there are people who will serve a purpose for God. Let me give you an example. The prophet talked about Pharaoh not even have a a real permanent record in the book of life. Do you realize that? Amen. Because it was just a creation to do a purpose to do something for and be deleted. Amen. That's right. Did you catch that? He said, "For this cause did I raise up Pharaoh to show my power?" Yes. Amen. You understand? God wanted to express himself because he made a promise to father Abraham your children will sojourn in a land that is not there and after uh for 400 years and afterwards in other word 400 years will be complete so any time after 400 years he said I the Lord will bring him them out by a mighty hand for the deliverance to be mighty God had to create a pharaoh whose heart he will have him. So as to confirm and fulfill that word exactly the way he promised Abraham. So Pharaoh served a purpose for God. But he himself is not in the purpose of God. Amen. He made Exodus possible. He made Exodus exciting. Yes. He gave us the privilege to see the two arms of redemption. Redemption by blood, redemption by power. Pharaoh facilitated it. But he never parttook in redemption. Amen. Because he wasn't in the purpose of God. He was only raised to help God do something so that God can achieve his aim. That's right. So those category of people are serving a purpose for God. Absolutely. But there's a category that are in the purpose of God. People for whom God will do all these things and they will be the beneficiaries. Amen. Are you catching it here? In the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. The prophet said, "God has a three-fold plan or three-fold purpose." That's right. First, to reveal himself. Yes. Which we know he did through the body called Christ. Is that right? Amen. Then he said number two to have preeminence. So it will go from Christ to the body of Christ which is you. Amen. When Christ could have your total you. When you will come to a point of believing the word without question. Amen. When you cannot do anything until you know what the word says about you. It's not just in you to rebel against any aspect of the word. Amen. As you take on the word day by day, you are losing canal identity. Yes. You are taking on your real identity. Amen. You are reflecting the word image. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. And by that you have been restored. Yes. Back to the beginning. The fullness of adoption. Amen. The readiness to manifest your son. Hallelujah. If you experience those blessings. Amen. Amen. Yes. If you have the true revelation of the Godhead and you see yourself in the Godhead. [Applause] You know, we always talk about the Godhead of Jesus and God being one, but we don't know we are part of it. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We fellowship around some aspect of it this afternoon. Amen. Amen. You know, John 14. Yes. It started with I and my father are one. Amen. Amen. Is that right? But if you move further, Yes. Jesus began to admonish you to accept the word. He said, "If you obey me, if you love me, keep my commandments, what is he going to achieve?" He's going to bring you into that godhead. Amen. That's right. Then it will now be you will know that I am in you and you are in me. Amen. Amen. And if you abide in me and my word abide in you, you will do what? Amen. Ask anything. A blanket check. You will open your mouth. Yes. And heaven will respond. Amen. Say ask anything. You will receive opportunity without limit. A blessing without border. Amen. Hallelujah. Are you feeling that? Do you think you are in that? Then you are in the purpose of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. It's not everybody that we feel that friend. Absolutely. Because coming into this economy, the prophet said you come by three things. Amen. Spiritual food in due season. He said you've got to be fornown of God. Amen. Before the foundation of the world. So election is not scary to us. Yes. The word predestination is not scary. The word forn knowledge is not scary. We are the essence of all those things. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you with me, brother? Amen. So he said you come by by being fornown of God before the foundation of the world. Yes. Then to manifest. Yes. Your ordination. Amen. He said the Lord must call you. Amen. He must call you by himself. Amen. Because that's the only lasting call. Let me tell you, God's calling has been very supernatural. Amen. If I give everybody microphone tonight, you can share the experience. Absolutely. Of how the Lord brought to you. And you will know how supernatural that you are. Amen. No pastor call you. No papa call you. No mama call you. Not even your husband, not even your wife, not even your parents. Amen. God has to call you. And the only people he calls are those who were in him. Amen. Who were in his thoughts, those who rotated off of his body, those who were not deceived in his mind in the beginning and cannot be deceived in their manifestation on their life. Those are the people he called. Yes. Absolutely. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Can you imagine how he called this disciples? Amen. I saw Christ one day wanting to call Levi or Matthew. The guy was a tax collector. Amen. And I can imagine Jesus killed behind every people who want to pay tax. And they was coming and the man was saying how much tax show me your tax card and he calculated you need to pay 22,000 rand sir it's too much master help me I just okay okay let's see what we can do for you 16,000 rand your money is it cash or card you give them receipt and Jesus was on the queue and when it comes to the turn of Jesus Christ Jesus Christ said MM get up and follow me Glory. Yes, sir. Amen. He dropped all the booklets. He dropped his career. Yes. His pension. His graduating program. His compensation or whatever you want. Hallelujah. He dropped everything. And they started following his collection. What's going on? Said I'm following the master. Are you crazy? He said, yes. I've got to be out of my mind and follow this. Amen. Yes, you are right. I'm crazy. Out of my mind. It was a supernatural. It left all. And they followed. Amen. Look at Peter, James, and John. Yes. They followed when they achieved the biggest business success. Time will me to show that tonight. I think that's Luke 5 or Luke 10. It was when they add the highest cash. Jesus told them, I will make you features of men. They abandoned that success. Yeah, those plenty fishes that day and started following because the Lord called. So his calling has been supernatural. When the Lord is ready for you and he call at your appointed season. Amen. Let me tell you nothing can hold you down. Lord of God is too powerful. [Applause] So he must call you. And how does he call? The prophet said he calls by his words. Amen. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When the book was opened. Yes. It revealed names. Amen. Yes. So each night is a roll call. Hallelujah. It may not sound like Peter. Yes. But Peter will hear his name. Amen. And there will be from that time because he was called by the word of the Lord. Yes. Amen. We love him tonight. So people who came by those experience are in the purpose. Yes. Of God. God. Those who facilitated that experience without being a beneficiary of it. Yes. Are serving a purpose for God. Amen. Some people are ordained to be attached to your life. Yes. to do something. Amen. Amen. Someone will provoke you. Yes. To bring the best out of you. Not the worst. Not the worst. Because you learn obedience by the things you Amen. You are fashioned in his image. Through the things that you go through, they might not be part of it. Yes. But they are designed to bring you to that blessing. Amen. So they are serving a purpose for God. Yes. So that the one who is in the purpose of God could be perfected to achieve his Yes, Lord. Amen. Is that clear to us? Amen. Now, these two category of people will have a resurrection. Yes. Yes. Amen. That's right. That's the level I'm taking into. Because anyhow, whether on the negative or on the positive, everybody is serving the purpose of God. But let me put it like this. Those who are in the purpose of God will have a better resurrection. Amen. Hallelujah. I already establish that during the convention. That there's a resurrection that is better. It is the first resurrection. It comes with many benefits. That those who will rise up later will never get. Blessed be in the name of Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. Therefore, the things that you face in life, they happen to you not because of youth. They happen to you because of your purpose. Amen. Yes, sir. Wonderful. Are you taking not? That's right. If God brought you here for a purpose, Yes. Amen. Amen. Then he must design you. Yes. and put capacity in you for the purpose he wants you to serve. Listen, you need to understand this aspect. Yes. So you don't look miserable. Yes. Or you don't have, you know, the attitude of competition. Yes. Yes. In the body of Christ, we don't compete. Amen. Everybody has their different grace. Amen. And everybody has their different blessings. Amen. The prophet said, "No matter how important you think you are and how unimportant you think you are, you've got a purpose in the body." Amen. Look at these cars that we drive. They will call some cars maybe three cylinder, very small car, three cylinders. Some four cylinders. Yes. Some six cylinders. M there are vehicles articulated vehicles of 30 cylinders. Now the one with three cylinders has no business competing with the one with 30 cylinders. They the manufacturers made them for different purposes. But if each of them serve their different purposes, as far as the owners are concerned, they are useful. Yes. And successful. Amen. Correct. Amen. Are you getting it? Amen. And that's the way we are in the body. That is why you know the scripture described us as a unit and they call some of us fingers. Right. He call some of us the eye. Yeah. Because whatever aspect, whatever part you are in the body, you have a purpose that is as important as the other. Amen. [Music] Lord, take for instance the brain. If the brain settles down and say, I'm the one I'm the policy driver. I'm the architect of plans for this entire body. You can get to Durban without me, without me thinking about it. And they say go to Duban without me thinking about it. And we say Mr. Brain you did well. Okay brain think about it. Okay let's go to Dan. And the leg said Brain take yourself down. That day we know the importance of Mr. Leg. If Brain will ever get to go, he will beg the leg. That's right. So tell me which one is more important than the other. Yeah. All of them are equally in even to the nail on your finger. You pluck off this nail and see how sick you are going to be for this until it grows bad. They will have to put bandage some sort of cover here because infection can come from here and kill your entire body including your brain and your leg paralyze everything. So this name is very important and that is the way we are in the body. Amen. So let not everybody look at the pulpit. Yes. You can look at your corner here. If you can just find your purpose. Amen. Are you catching it? So there's no competition in the body. Amen. God designed everybody for the capacity he intended them to carry. If a threecylinder vehicle is trying to take the tons of load a 30 cylinder vehicle is carrying is ready for a crash. Amen. A loan accident because when you pack the load on it to start the engine and move everything will crack and disintegrate because it's going beyond his boundary. But if it carries the number of passengers, if it carries the number of load, the owner is happy with it. And you ask the owner about that kind say, I'm enjoying it. It's serving its purpose. Amen. Hallelujah. Whether you are a first hour laborer or you are the 11th hour laborer, my savior gave them the same reward. [Music] That's right. So no competition in the body. Amen. Amen. You love him tonight. Now, your purpose is what preserves you. And your purpose is what maintains you. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. Let me go back to the car again. That's right. Now, yeah. If this car is working, functioning properly. Yes. Does the car worry about oil service? change of oil, clean the plugs, the service, the routine maintenance. Does the car worry about it? No, I'm asking you and you have to answer me. Does the car worry about it? Who worries about it? The owner. You agree with me? Who is your owner? Hallelujah. [Applause] If you don't get the things right, you'll be taking medicine for somebody's else's headache. Are you catching? You will be taking responsibility for God's business. And that is why life seem to be tough sometimes for you and I. Yes. because we don't get it. What you are called to do is serve your purpose. Your maintenance is in the hands of your owner. Hallelujah. That is why he said take no thought. Amen. Yes. How many ever read it in their Bible? Amen. It says seek ye first. Amen. The kingdom of God and it righteousness. In other words, get into your purpose. Amen. He said all other things. Everything that you need to facilitate your service, I will provide. Thank you, Lord. It's the same thing. Praise the Lord. It is the owner of the car that worries that keeps checking the time for when the dealer said it must be maintained. Is that right? Amen. All the car does is take you to wherever you are going. If the oil gets low, it's your problem. Yes. I see one thing. If the car looks very dirty and its owner looks very clean, immaculately impeccable in appearance, still who did they abuse for a dirty car? That's right. Answer me. They will say, "Ah, this man is dirty. Look at his car." But the man is clean. It is the car that is dirty. Is that right? So why is he being abused? Why is it been called dirty and not the car? Because he is responsible for that car. God is responsible for you. Amen. He knows his obligation. He is willing to take it. You must give him a chance. Amen. Oh, what peace we often forfeit. Oh, what needless pain we bear. Amen. Amen. Because we don't give God a right of way. God is under obligation. Amen. To see to it that you are clean. Yes. That you are pure, that you are holy. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. God is under obligation for your maintenance. Amen. That is why the prophet said he does not just save us. He sees to it that we remain saved. Glory. Yes. Are you catching it? It takes responsibility for those things. As long as you are functioning, cast all your cares. Amen. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. So, the owner takes responsibility. Now, sorry, did I put it off? Can I continue? Yes. Okay. So, the owner takes responsibility for the vehicle, right? Amen. Then number two, this vehicle or let me take another thing. Just just give me I'm using it. This mic that we have here, we do not keep it here simply because we like it. We keep it here because it is functional. Do you see what just happened a while ago? The moment he couldn't amplify the voice, what happened? No use for him. No use for him. Thank you. It was quickly withdrawn. So what is preserving this mind? The purpose serving. Amen. Yes. Are you catching me? Amen. That is why the prophet said when my purpose is all done right I don't want to wait any second pastor Ronnie left because his purpose was Yes sir. And other pastors those servants of God. Amen. They left because they serve their purpose. Now you didn't define their purpose. Amen. And you didn't define their time. It is the one who brought them here that defined it and allocated duration. When he sees them in the mode of accomplishment, he block his flower. And that is the way it's going to do to all of us. Amen. What preserve us here is our purpose. You've just seen it now unconsciously. When the mic went off, it was removed from my hand. Because it's not serving the purpose. If it had any fault and they try to repair it and is not responding to repair, what are they going to do to it? Throw it away. Amen. And get another one. Yes. So your purpose is what preserves you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That's right. Your purpose is what keeps you clean. Your purpose is the reason you are being maintained. Amen. Your purpose is the reason you are being protected. Your purpose is the reason you are being cared for. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. When the prophet accomplished his own purpose, he knew his purpose was done. Yes. Initially he said he saw Isaiah 56. is a quotation right then when he was when he hit that range he began to talk you know some of the things messages he began to bring you will see that he was winding down yes till the moment he preached the rapture yes and he observed communion which was the less earthly function of our lord himself before he left is that right then he preached the message invisible union he said thanksgiving message Amen. He wasn't doing a thanksgiving of America. He was doing a personal thanksgiving. He said because the purpose of which God brought me to establish a connection between that heavenly bridegroom and his earthly bride has been accomplished. He said and I want to thank God for it. And after I did thanksgiving in November, the Lord took him in December because his purpose was done. Amen. So what preserve you and I, what protect you and I is our purpose. That is why the prophet said you can take me on record. That the purpose of God can never be defeated. And nothing will take you and I until God's purpose for our life is accomplished. He said is a beautiful revelation of the scriptures. Hallelujah. Amen. If you believe and accept all this so far. Amen. Let's watch some case studies. Amen. How many remember Joseph? Yes. You remember Joseph? Yes. Amen. Now, Joseph was born among 12 brothers. Is that right? Yes. Now, the first born of the family was Reuben. And being a firstborn, he's got three inheritances. He's got the priesthood. He's got the birthight. And he's got the rulership. Amen. Those three are the preserve of the firstborn. Are you with me? Yes. But the firstborn must prove must prove himself worthy. Yes. In order to retain those blessings. Amen. That was what Reuben failed to do. Yes. Amen. Reuben went to discover his father's bed. That's right. He committed fornication. The Bible said Jacob heard it. But he never said anything. He waited till such a time when he was ready to gathered with to be gathered to his people to do what? To to make a to visit that thing. Yes. If you watch Jacob, Jacob did not do like h go and bring me venison. Let I let me bless you before I go on before I pass on. He said he told all his children he said gather yourself. Yes. And let me tell you what what your life will be in the future. So for him it was more of a prophecy than prayer. Then it started with Reuben. He said the beginning of my strength the excellency of dignity. Amen. But as stable, as unstable as the waters, you will not excel because you discover your father beds. By that action of Reuben, he lost all the three blessings according to the scripture. He lost the birthight to Joseph, the priesthood to Levi, and the rulership to Judah. Amen. That was why the Lord giver, the Messiah, Yes. has to come from the tribe of Judah. All those things should have come from human. Amen. This is why the scripture warned us. He said, "Do not be a fornicator or a profane person." There are two people lost their birthight in the Bible. Esau and Reuben. Esau was profane. Wonderful. The prophet said profanity is taking divine instructions lightly. It's even your dictionary. Amen. He said he never believed that God meant what he said about the idea of birthright. And that was why he said, "What is this birthright?" Amen. He said they never believe the teaching of God on that. He He makes excuses. He takes divine instructions lightly. We must not do it. God give us conduct. Give us order. Give us do. We must not be like a about those things. We must hold them dearly. Yes, Lord. We must keep evil flies away from this evening sacrifice. It must not be contaminated. Glory to God. I hope I'm not sounding too hard. Amen. Amen. So, Isa forfeited his birthight because of profanity, but Reuben forfeited it because of fornication. Are you with me? Now when God was ready to reassign the birthight because the one who carries the birthight is supposed to be the provider the sucker the one who takes care of the entire brotherhood. Are you with me? Yes. The one to whom the father's wealth will come to and from him it will be appropriated to all. That is the blessing of birthright. So when Joseph had that dream, it was God's way of announcing to others the reassignment of birthright. Hallelujah. Are you catching it? Are you catching it? Because if you watch the prayers of Isaac over Jacob when they got the birthight, you can go and check this thing. I think Genesis 27:28 somewhere there. If you watch that prayer, part of the prayer is that let your brothers, your children, your mother's children bow to thee and be out their be out their sakura, their this and that. And here was Joseph seeing a dream in a very verily I say unto you manner. The first time and the second time. The first time it was a it was sheav right? Yes. The ships of his brother were bound to his own ship. God was announcing and reassign the birthight. Amen. But those brothers were not spiritual enough to understand that. Are you with me? Then on the second occasion, it was the stars and the moon. Yes. Amen. The moon and the sun and 11 stars. Yes. I like it when somebody said even Joseph saw his brothers as stars. Yes. But because they were too carried away in complex, they didn't see themselves as stars. At least they were stars. Hallelujah. And they saw And they saw 11 stars and the sun and moon bowing to one star. Yes. God was confirming it. Yes. In the mouth of two or three witnesses, every truth will be established. Amen. Amen. The only person who took caution was Jacob himself. Yes. Being a prophet, he said, "Do you mean I and your mother, we also defer to you, bow to you? You be our caretaker." Yeah. But the Bible said Jacob laid it to his heart. Yes. He did not fuse with it. Because he was a prophet. And do you know the revelation he had? If it was the Lord who gave the boy, there is nothing that can defeat it. Amen. There is nothing that can change it. Then the battle began. By that dream, by that vision, by that revelation, God revealed the purpose of Joseph. Yes. That is where I'm going. Amen. And that purpose can never be defeated. Amen. Amen. The brothers of Joseph set out to defeat it. They said it with their own mouth. And you will see all the characteristics that we have seen on purpose fulfilling in Joseph. Now they all said it with their own mother. Let us see how it will come to pass. Amen. So first thing you must see that is that the challenges that began to happen to Joseph was not because it was Joseph. It was because of his purpose. Yes. Are you catching me? Things will happen to you in life. You must know why they are happening. If you don't know why they are happening, you won't show the right attitude. Joseph knew why those things were happening. That was why when his brother came to repent, he knew what they did. He said all these things that you people did, he said, brothers, do you know what it is? It was the sending of the Lord. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. It was the way God chose to send me to preserve life, to preserve your posterity. He knew his purpose. Hallelujah. Amen. He understood it. Amen. When you understand it, you will show the right attitude. You will be forgiven. You have a forgiven spirit. Amen. You will even appreciate the person. Thank you for driving me into my purpose. Amen. Do you see why you cannot frustrate a believer? That adversary person, you will say, "Thank you, my brother. If you hadn't done what you did, I wouldn't have been into this." Amen. Now, God showed Joseph what he was going to be, but he never showed him the path to get there. Hallelujah. Huh? Yes, Pastor M. He told you what you were going to be. He didn't show you how you will get there. But let me tell you, you will arise because the purpose of God can never be defeated. Hallelujah. They are going to bow. You are going to be their protection. You are going to be their provider. You are going to be their sustainer. Everything it looks great, isn't it? But how do I get there? Then the journey began. And in most cases, the journey does not look like Yes. That's right. So it becomes a puzzle. This is why believers must trust God. This is why the scripture said, "And we know it's a knowing." Amen. It has to come as a revelation. He said, "And we know that all things say all things." All. Okay. Let me give you revelation of all things inside all things there are positive. Yes. Inside all there are negative. Do you agree with that? Because most time when we say all our mind goes to the positive alone but inside all you have positive negative ambivalent ambivalent is neither positive nor negative indifferent it's the total combination they are summation is for your good oh church amen Jeremiah's saw two basket of figs how many ever read that it said This basket contains good figs. Very good. This one has bad things. Very bad. He said, "And the two baskets, the good and the bad, they are going to go into captivity. And God is not going to stop it." Yeah. He said, "But I like the scripture when he said the good basket, they are going into captivity for their good." Oh, come on, church. How can going how can captivity be for my good? Yeah. All things. You see why Paul said, "And we know." It's a knowing. That knowing there is deep. It's a revelation. Hallelujah. Amen. And he said these bad things are going into captivity for their evil. Amen. You know why? It takes it took that captivity. If you study it back in retrospect, it took that captivity to make some people immortal heroes today. Yes. There was no lion's den in Israel. Daniel need to be in captivity to face that. So that you can bear the name Daniel today. They were all product of captivity. The three uh Hebrew children were product of captivity. Esther was a product of captivity. Zerubbabel was a product of captivity. Ezra, Nemiah, Joshua, they were all product of captivity. If there was no captivity, you would never have known them today. They went into captivity for their good. And we know that all things. So this is why the Bible said, "Count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptation." It is not everything you fall into that is your making. Yes. That's right. Did you hear me? God throws some things at you because there's a virtue to be built somewhere. Amen. There's a grace to be developed. For us to come to rule and reign, we need character. The prophet says character is not a gift. Yes. Is a victory. Amen. Amen. So God will throw many things across your path in fashioning you. Amen. Before the ghost will see his reflection in gold, there will be thorough beaten. Amen. Amen. So don't allow the devil to work on your mind. And yours may be peculiar from mine. You know why? Our purposes may be different. Each will receive what it takes to fashion its own purpose. That is why that song says some through the waters, some through the fire, some through the flood. But guess what? All through the blood. The common denominator is the blood. You be under fire. You being your fire under the blood. Amen. You being your flood under the blood, I tell you, we all come out successful. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are you encouraged tonight? So, Joseph, the brother said, "Let's see how it's going to happen." And by that, God said, "I will use you guys to make it happen." Yeah. They plan to kill him. Reuben said, "Don't kill him." Yes. Reuben was the cause of all this problem. Yes. He was the one that saved Joseph from being killed. All in the plan of God. Amen. Then they said, "Let's throw him into the dungeon." Yeah. Amen. And Reuben's plan was that after all the brothers leave, he's going to fetch him and hand him over to the dad and say, "Take care of this boy. His life is at stake." Yes. But it's your shepherd that selected the path. Amen. As nice as Reuben's plan was, it wasn't the will of God. The will of God was for Joseph to be sold. So before Reuben could actualize that plan, these guys, the Arabian guys, God send them down. Yes. And the guy said, and the brother said, "It's evil good. This no use. This useless boy. Let's just get some money to buy some pizzas." And they sold him for 30, is it 30 or 20 something shekels? Amen. And could you imagine Joseph being fetched out of the dungeon and seeing his brothers taking prize over his head? That's killing, isn't it? And being handed over mockery with derision. Go and become your ruler wherever. Bye-bye to nonsense. Good readers to bad rubbish. Enjoy your rule. And the guy was taken. But friends, that was the path. Everything was negative all the way. But each day was inching. Joseph closer to that purpose. Amen. That purpose can be defeated. Amen. Your life may look like this here and there. Just come down. Come and say Lord, what's my purpose? What's my Is this happening because of my purpose? Amen. Do you know Moses? Because he was born for a purpose. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. The devil knowing that his nemesis has been born. Mhm. Yes. It's just that he couldn't tell exactly. Yes. He's a poor sniper. Yes. He couldn't, you know, he couldn't get the target directly. He said, "I will kill all the children around this age." Is that right? Is that what he did? Why was he killing? Because he wanted to destroy the deliverer. But the purpose of God cannot be. Amen. Are you catching it? Amen. Moses was eat for two or 3 months. Hallelujah. And the Lord said, "You know what? It's high time you got him out." And the parents said, "That will be suicidal." He said, "If you keep him, he's going to die." Yeah. Bring him out. I want to take the battle to the enemy's camp. And friends, they put Moses in a cave. Yes. And they ran through River N where there were crocodiles. And no crocodile could eat that boy because his purpose protected him. Hallelujah. Your purpose is your protection, my brother. Sleep easy, rest, behind yours for nothing. Stop disturbing your mind with anxieties and fear. Amen. Amen. And where was God guiding the I'll come back to Joseph to random. Where was God guiding the to? Right to the enemy's place. Yeah. Yeah. And friends, Moses arrived there and God introduced Moses to Pharaoh's daughter. God did not hide his identity. When Pharaoh's daughter carried the boy, he said, "This is an Hebrew boy." I think the palace was killing Hebrew boys at that age. Why didn't she kill him? Why didn't she strangle him, suffocating with the pill? It will be an easy death purpose. The purpose of God cannot be defeated. And because the purpose is undefeable, the carrier of the purpose must be protected. Hallelujah. That's right. Praise the Lord. Brother said, "This is why I'm not afraid of opposition." He said, "This is why I can stand." Amen. Before the witch doctors, before hypnotizers, before all attackers, he said, "Because God has promised to be with me. And as long as I'm in his purpose, he said there is no power there's no scheme of man or of the devil that can pull me down. Hallelujah. Friends, we are protected. We are shielded. Hallelujah. We are taken care of. We don't even have fear of falling or failing or being killed. We have no such fear because we're in the purpose of God and we know our purpose will preserve us. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And God said, you know what? In as much as you are not allowing these Hebrew mothers to raise their children peacefully, this particular one, you will pay for it. Miriam said, "Can I go and call a woman that can nurse that is wet?" said, "Go and call." So, you know what happened? Moses mother got money to raise her whole child purpose. And since she's since she is not an Egyptian, she's an Israelite. So it's an expert wage. Yeah. So it's going to be much more than the local salary. Amen. And why did God do that? The curriculum Moses needed to be raised with to destroy Egypt is not available in the palace. Is deposited in an earning vessel. Yes. Amen. Called Job. Amen. Amen. That's right. Mothers, are you here? This is what God is making you is fashioning you to raise champions for the kingdom. Who will be nemesis to the kingdom of heaven? Godly mothers. That's your reward. Yes, that's your purpose. And you know what happened? You know the rest of the story, right? Moses destroyed Egypt. He destroyed Pharaoh. He destroyed all because his purpose cannot be defeated. Joseph now find himself in Egypt. And the Arabian merchant said, "You see that great general who was always looking for this boy meet all the specification of General Portifer. Let's go hand him over." And when they brought him to Portifer, he said, "That's really what I want. That's my spec." And Joseph, Joseph got there like a slave. Yes. But because his God was with him, because Joseph understood purpose, nothing could break him. His mood couldn't change. He remained a consistent Christian with a consistent testimony. He was always going with a song and his mind. His energy level is constant or growing. There was no dull moment. That was why all through his experience, he was a proper guy. Yeah. Amen. If he was looking dull, angered, miserable, wretched and and retired, nobody will appreciate him to be committing things to his hands. That is the power of the reveal. That is the blessings that revelation give unto you. Moses knew that it was for his purpose all these things were happening. He will tell his soul every day, my God will make a way somewhere. Amen. One day I will arrive. I may not know how I will arrive but I will arrive. So that kept his energy level high. Yes. And Pifan looked at him. I like the energy of this guy. Take over my house. Take over everything except to my wife. And from a slave he became the managing director of Portifer's house. Going in and coming out and doing his job with wisdom, excellency, and dignity. And Joseph seemed to have relaxed. Then God looks at his eternal clock. Amen. It's time to move closer. And he made Portifer's wife to do what he did. Amen. In retrospect, Portifer's wife was useful. Yes. This is what the believer is. Amen. I see God in that. She was useful. If she hadn't done what she did, Joseph wouldn't have been in Egypt and in prison. And he needed that prison experience because it will be from prison to the throne. When he got into the prison, it was it didn't take long that this accused criminal also became the de facto control general of prison. Read your Bible because whatever came his way couldn't break in. Amen. Christians, brother Graham said we are not bed plans. We need constant maintenance. When things are happening your way, pastors are jittery. They don't know whether you are going to continue in the faith or not. You want to be baby that beg. Come on brother, you are going to the same some of us haven't gone through experience that that brother encountered his energy level remain unbroken. He was always going with the song and the smile. [Applause] It didn't take long. Yes. The controller of prison said, "There's something about this guy." He said, "You take over the prison. You be the Lord of the prison and you report to me. I will take account of all prisoners from you." And yet, he was supposed to also be a prisoner. Think about that. That's something supernatural. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Hallelujah. His wonderful passion and purity. All thou spirit divine. Hallelujah. All my nature refined. Amen. Yes. Amen. And while doing his work, he became the controller, became the pastor. So maybe they had a small fellowship. And one day they didn't see brother, brother Baker in service. And like a true pastor, he has the time they go to check on them. Bro, why didn't we see you in service? It was a sweet fellowship we just had. Oh, sir, I I had a dream. I couldn't make it. I bet you, bro. The same thing. We're in the same boat. That's why we did the same thing. Okay, tell me your dream. When they told Zebra Butler, congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. You are going back to Union Building. You are going to serve the president again. You don't mean it. I've been dismissed. It doesn't matter. It won't fail. What you what I'm saying? Then they turn to God baker. So, I'm sorry. God be with you till we meet again. You won't make it to you won't make it in the sweet by and by I will see you brother and it happened exactly but before it happened Joseph told I said you know you know don't forget don't forget you know I didn't do anything wrong pastor do you need to tell me there are some things you don't need to talk pastor I should know that in my gumption as soon as I'm restored Yeah. The first file I will open is your file. And I will make sure pastor you are out of this place. Pastor, it's a deal. God bless you pastor. If it happened as you said by the next day it was restored. And let me tell you the butler did not plan to forget. It was God who took the memory away. Did you hear me? Yeah. Because you couldn't have forgotten a man. Yes. Who did something outstanding like that? At least every day you remembered you've been restored. You also remember somebody told you you'll be restored. Isn't it? So it's unnatural for Butler to forget. But because that was not the path to his purpose. God took the memory away. God does not want Joseph to be brought out out of pity that a man will take glory about. He wants him to come out out of necessity and the people will be begging him save us. Save us. Right? If God has not attached anybody to the purpose or program of your life, it could be your uncle. Let him be the managing director of Escom. He says come still existing daily. Okay. Give me the one that is existing right there. Yeah. Let him be the managing director of one of your best paratas. He won't give you job. Christians don't don't hold grudge against you. Just tell yourself it wasn't meant to be part of the program. Simple. Yeah. And it will take you out of complex. Yes, Joseph must have waited for a long time. And he didn't hear anything. As much as would have wondered why do people disappoint like this. Anyway, the vision I interpreted for him wasn't mine. It was God who did it. Okay, that's fine. I continue. He continued his life. Then one day when the Lord was ready. Hallelujah. You can see a purpose-driven life. Are you seeing now his purpose was there? Amen. So you sit sometimes you say I don't even understand this my life. It could be your purpose driving your life. Thank you. When you allow the cloud of self-pity and sorrow to overshadow you, you won't see the end picture. God has a reason for everything. Amen. Hold it before your face every day. The purpose of God cannot be defeated. Amen. Amen. Then God went to talk to Pharaoh. H. No. Is it Pharaoh now? Yeah, he gave him a dream. That dream is not too complicated. But you see, when God is ready to single a particular person for honor, it makes every other person like a dollar, a mediocre, a non-starter. Nobody could decipher what he saw. And when Pharaoh got anxious Yes. and vicious. Yes. Then everybody began to make consultation. Then the Lord sent it back to the butler. Look at when he remembered, look at the way he said. He said it's a case of how could I have forgotten this is for me. How will I face pastor Joseph this number of years to tell him that I forgot? How can I after I made great promises to him? How can I? Brother Butler, you didn't forget. God took it away to for things to work according to God's time, according to his election, according to his purpose. Yes, sir. There is a better late than never. I'll walk to Pharaoh. I'll tell him this. Pharaoh, stop disturbing yourself. In this dark time in Egypt, there's a man who can turn on the light. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Hallelujah. You've carried Vero too far. Don't ever come to Joseph. Now, don't come to a point that a Pharaoh will come that you know the blessing of Joseph. It will produce an exodus. Yes. Amen. Amen. In this dark time, we got a man. He said, "Where is that man? It's in this land. Where is a prisoner?" Shut up. I thought you said a prophet. He said because both are P and P. Yeah. Get out of here. But a Pharaoh, you better King forever. Relax. He told me you are going to kill the baker. You couldn't resist. You kill him. You mean he said it before I did? Yeah. He told me you will restore me back to my position. I've been back here. What are you talking Pharaoh? Get this man. And they went to bring Joseph. They clean him up. make him look nice, groom him and make him appear. And Pharaoh said, "I learned you are there. You can do something for you to see a man who is still connected with his God despite all his trials." Pharaoh, this got nothing to do with me, there is the God in heaven. [Applause] I tell you, Christians can sing in tribulations. They can worship in trials. They can frustrate the devil. Yes. Until he doesn't know what to do with them. You know the story. Pharaoh gave his name and he gave the interpretation. So Pharaoh said what shall we now do? Said let a man be gotten to do this to do this to do this to do this and do this. And when this Pharaoh was laughing he said look at him. He said let a man be gotten. Who is the man that has it like you are saying it? You are the man Joseph. You are the man. Yeah. And from that moment he became the prime minister. He removed his ring. It's an instant appointment. Hallelujah. And Joseph did as the vision showed. Then the years of famine started coming. And I can see Jacob saying, "We learned there's great revival taking place in Egypt. The mighty prince is there turning things around. Why don't you guys come and go and see if you will have favor? before him so that we don't die. And the brothers came and the Lord made Joseph to recognize them and the Lord blocked their eyes from recognizing him. Amen. My brother, my sister, they bowed. Yes. Thus said the Lord and never fail. Amen. I counted it in the Bible. They bowed up to five times. Three times before they knew it was Joseph. And after he introduced himself, I am Joseph. They bowed again when their father died. Hallelujah. They said, they said, "Let us form a society of guilty brothers because Joseph must have been nice to us because of our father." Now that our father is gone, he will take it on us. Let's go and beg for our lives. Now they know this was Joseph. My Bible told me they bow again because the purpose of God about to tell them you meant it for evil, God meant it for and he told them for comfort. He said, "Do you see everything you did? It was God's way of sending me in advance in order to protect your generation." And he said there are still many more years of famine but with me you are safe. Go bring everybody. I will nurture you all throughout the years of famine. In all those trials it discovered purpose. Amen. And he served it well. My brother, my sister, you are not brought here for nothing. Amen. Yes, Lord. Amen. You are not a useless part in the body. You call it the body of Christ. There is no one part of that body that can be useless. Every part is useful. The reason you are sweating, you are failing is because you are still trying to develop a design. Yes. You are not called to do that. You are called to discover. May the Lord reveal himself to you that you might take your position in the body and serve it well. Amen. When you will enjoy his nurturing, his maintenance, his protection, his provision. Life will find a different when the Lord takes responsibility for your life. God bless you. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Amen. You enjoy the word of the Lord. Amen. Let's give the Lord a good anchor for praise. Amen. Something about purpose. Hallelujah. You know, brother Brandon calls us a super church. Amen. A super church, super race. So, like the brother was saying, each part of the body plays a purpose. Yes. So you need to be a super toe, a super finger, a super eye, a super ear, super feet, to make the entire body super. Hallelujah. Something about purpose. [Music] Even if you are dead, buried, Lazarus's purpose was not fulfilled. So God came back. Amen. Jesus comes back to call him from the grave. because Lazarus's purpose was not yet fulfilled. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord one more good hand of praise. Let's stand together. Amen. That was wonderful, pastor. Amen. We appreciate it. Amen. The purpose of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. It will never fail. Amen. We can rest on that knowing that we are in the purpose of God. What are we called for? Ephesians 1 tells us we are called unto adoption. Our final purpose is adoption. Amen. Where we will be back in our original position again. Amen. Let's just sing and give him praise. Give him glory. Give him honor. Amen. He's worthy to be praised. Let's sing. Amen. New things are being declared. I believe him. Tonight, new things have been declared. New frontiers have been opened. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Until this day, no man could tell us just where we came from and where we go from here. Oh, but through the eyes of the prophet God revealed to us before God was God all the way to future hope. New things are being declared. I know very soon I'll be raptured of you. Angel is here leading our souls in truth. The invisible, the audible, the inconceivable, free to believe for the impossible. Oh, in this new day, the angel of God not seen for 2,000 years. He's here fixing things for us to leave. Oh, he's waving visions of ourselves before us. So we can walk step by step into what we behold. See us do the things that are being declared. I know very soon I'll be raptured out of here. Angel God is here. We our souls in the invisible, remarkable, inconceivable. Faith to believe for the impossible. Oh, in this new day, eyes have not seen. Eyes have not seen nor ears heard the things that God has prepared for those whom we love. But in this day God display if you say nothing shall be impossible unto you. Let's sing now. Few things are being declared. I know very soon I'll be raptured out of here. The angel of God is here. Our souls in true invisible in audible conceivable to believe for the impossible. Oh this new day. In this new day. Oh yes. In this new [Music] day. In this new day. Oh, we just talk to the Lord. Amen. He's come to identify your purpose. Amen. Nothing can stop the purpose of God. Amen. Nothing can defeat the purpose of God. Amen. Why don't you just talk to the Lord and thank him for purpose? Thank him. Amen. That he's clearly defined your life. Amen. You may not always see the path. Amen. Amen. The path may not always be clear to you. But depend on his purpose. Amen. What he's called you for. Hallelujah. All Joseph saw was the dream and he trusted in the Lord. He knew the one that gave him the dream will not fail him. Amen. He knew that his brothers must come and bow down before him. Praise the Lord. So he waited. Amen. He endured. He patiently endured. Building character. Amen. From faith to virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Joseph affection. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Joseph, perfection was there to bring grace back. Jacob was grace. Amen. Grace had to come to perfection. Grace is coming to perfection in this hour. Hallelujah. Amen. The grace of God coming with double grace. The headstone coming with shoutings of grace. But Joseph typing perfection can't leave Jacob back in famine. So perfection sends back a word for grace. And he brings Jacob all the way back. He brings Israel all the way back to meet perfection. What hour are we living in? If not in the age of grace, grace, coming to perfection, the headstone. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. I believe the spirit of God was very direct speaking to us this evening. Speaking to the need. Amen. Maybe there's somebody here that was despondent down wondering what's their purpose in life. Amen. No matter what portion of the body you are, you are equally as important. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "If God made you a $1 bill, he says, be the best $1 bill you can be." Don't try to be like the $10, but be the best $1 bill that you can be. That's what we want to be. Glory be to God. Let's sing that song. You know when when they blew their trumpet, they said, "Bow the knee. Joseph is coming." Amen. But we have a greater king. Let's sing. Bow your knee. Jesus is coming. Hail to the King. Hosanna to him. Bow your knee. Jesus is coming. Hail to the King. Hosana to him. in reverence. Worship him in the beauty of holiness. We confess he is [Music] Lord. He is Lord. He is Lord. He Lord. Sing. Bow your [Music] knee. Bow your knee. Jesus is coming to the king. Hosanana to him in [Music] reverence. Worship him in the beauty of holiness. We confess singing he is Lord. [Music] [Music] Please. Oh, let's make a declaration that he's alive. Oh, let's see now. He's alive. He's alive. If there ever was a doubt in your mind, he's alive. He's alive. He's [Music] alive. He's alive. He's alive. If the river wasn't in your eyes, he's alive. He's alive. He's alive. For he is Lord. For he is Lord. He is Lord. He is Lord. He is Lord. Amen. While the music plays softly, can we just all raise our hands to the Lord? He is Lord. Hallelujah. He one more time. Let's sing it out. is [Music] all and [Music] is. Hallelujah. Oh, King of Kings and Lord of Lords, Majestic Savior. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Jesus has come to meet with your purpose. Amen. If you have a need, you want to raise your hand and trust the Lord. Say, "Father, you spoke to me directly. All that the father has given me will come to me. Not one of them is lost." Praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. In that day, you shall know as I was in the Father, the Father in me, I in you, and you in me. This is that day. This is the hour. We'll call up Pastor Mvin for to close in prayer. You raise your hand and you believe the Lord. Hallelujah. And you trust it. Trust in him right now that it's all you have already receive what you have asked for. Dear kind, loving heavenly father, we want to thank you Lord tonight for speaking to us in such a personal way. Father, we want to appreciate you father. We love you, oh God. We thank you oh Lord for an open book oh God. We thank you oh God. Truly it is. We can say tonight we are only in this message by grace oh God. And father tonight Lord thank you oh God for obliterating every doubt in the heart of every believer tonight. And Lord that might have accepted the lie of the enemy in some form or the other. Oh God to think Lord that we are here Lord by chance. There's no chance. There's no coincidence but with the believers of God there is a God incident coincidence. And tonight father won't you cement Lord every purpose in the heart of every believer here tonight Lord. No Father we are not here by accident Lord but by divine purpose. Oh God we thank you tonight for the things that we have heard. Oh God we want to thank you oh Lord. We want to appreciate you father. Lord, let us leave from here tonight. Uh like Joseph who said uh fear not for I am in the place of my God. Uh and even tonight Lord let us have that blessed assurance tonight Lord that what the enemy used for evil oh God you are using for our good Lord for our perfection Lord. You are perfecting our charact oh God. And we thank you tonight. We want to say we thank you for our trials. Oh God, your word declares, beloved, think it not strange for the fiery trial that is trying you as though something strange is happening to you. But rejoice in that you're partaking of the sufferings of Jesus Christ. And father, tonight we want to say we love you, oh God. We appreciate you, Father. We receive your word, Lord. We accept your word, Father. Tonight, Father, we appreciate you, Lord. Uh we want to say we love you, oh God. We crown you kings. You are that king of glory, oh God. And we magnify your name tonight, Father. We thank you for coming down in such a personal way tonight, Father. Lord, I want to bring tonight to your throne. Every raised hand, Lord. Amen. Lord, our faces differ, our needs also. So Lord, we thank you, oh God. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Sha. Lord, you are Jehovah Rah. Lord, you are all our all in all tonight, Father. So, no matter what the need, Father. Oh God, we know that you're the one who supplies all of them tonight, Father. We ask, oh God, that you will minister for the need of every brother and every sister tonight, Lord. Every family represented here tonight. Father, that no one will go out or empty. Oh God, we sang at the outset. We come expecting Jesus. And I believe father we have met you tonight Lord uh in the medium of your word father. Oh Lord uh and we pray what we have heard tonight Lord uh will manifest in our lives uh Lord not tomorrow father but from this very moment Lord. Oh God uh we come become your word tonight father from what we have heard father I pray oh God you'll begin to move in the hearts of each and every single one father may every sick body be healed father. Oh God, we know Lord your prophet declares uh that Lord as believers in this end time many that have not received the word are living below their privileges father but today we say be gone and so that we may live in accordance with your word father we pray that you'll bless your servant tonight Lord restore virtue that has left him father oh God we thank you for the great blessing that he has been father Lord even to this ministry Lord bless his dear wife his family back home even the church, Father, undertake for them in a special way. Oh God, we pray, oh God, that you will continue to speak to him, Lord, even for the final service tomorrow in Durban. Father, we trusting and believing you for an outpouring. Father, we pray, oh God, you will meet with them once again meet with your people in this personal kind of way. Father, I pray, oh God. Lord, you will continue to use our dear brother. We thank you for pastor Adrian, Lord, the leadership of the church, oh God, this assembly, for the open doors, Father, Lord, so that we can come, Lord, and eat, Lord, of the word tonight and we can say, Father, we are truly filled, Lord. And we are thankful tonight to be in your presence once more. We pray now, Lord, even as we will journey back home. Oh God, we pray that you'll grant us safe traveling mercies, each one through our various homes, oh Lord, reflecting, oh God, and pondering, Father, about how we will draw closer unto you, Father. Let us put the word into action tonight, Lord. We pray that your presence would go before us, the angel of the Lord go before us. We pray for this we ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I want to express our thanks to all that have come out tonight. Amen. To hear the word of the Lord. I pray right now that your cup runth over. Amen. And that you're filled. Amen. Also want to express our appreciation to our dear pastor. Amen. You're welcome back anytime. If anyone asks you, do we ever have a church in Durban? You must tell them yes. 10 green manner. Amen. We have an open door for you at any time to come share the word of the Lord. And I know your wife loves Derban, South Africa. So if you ever forget, she's going to remind you. Amen. She may forget for a while, but she'll be like that butler. Remember, we got to go back. Amen. So, you're welcome back anytime. It was an honor having you here. Amen. Honor having you at our convention. We know you got one more service tomorrow and we under expectation of what the Lord will do. Amen. So, we appreciate every one of you. We love you. We appreciate you. I can't do without you. And unfortunately, you can't do without me. Amen. Hallelujah. Sometimes you got to learn to love people. So, let's put our differences aside and realize we are part of one body, serving one purpose, one king. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we love, we appreciate you. May you go with the love of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. We'll greet our brother. Amen. I don't know if it's raining outside here. If it is, we'll just greet under the gazebo. Then you can be on your way. Amen. So until we meet again, the Lord be with you. The Lord bless you. Amen. Let's sing a song in closing. Till we meet, till we meet, till we meet at Jesus feet. Amen. Till we meet, Till we meet. Till we meet at Jesus. [Music] Do we?
