################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-05-25 - The Bride Built Together Forming A Dwelling Place Of God -  Bro. Theo Ovid, LCA London - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-05-25
Title:   The Bride Built Together Forming A Dwelling Place Of God -  Bro. Theo Ovid, LCA London
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSwM_iF5iuk
========================================

This is my desire. to you Lord before my heart I worship you all I have within me. I give you praise. All I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you. I long every breath I take. Every moment I wait. So Lord, I have your way. Lord, I give you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you I give you my soul. I live for you. I live for you. I long every breath that I take. Every moment I wait. So Lord have your way in me. Lord I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you. For you I every breath that I take, every moment I wait. So Lord, I have your way in me. How great is our God. Sing with me. Our bra is our God. All we see how great. How great is our God. How great is our God. How great for our great. Sing with me. How great is our receive? How great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, you are. You are name above my name. Worthy worthy of my praise. And my heart see you. Oh our praise is our God. You are the name above my name. You have made my vow for me. You are worthy, Lord. You are worthy of my praise. And my heart is sing. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, how great. How great. Oh, how great. Sing with me. Oh, I pray [Music] all receive. How great, how great is our God. Oh, you are name above name of our name. You are worthy. You are worthy of praise. My heart sing and my heart receive. How great is our God. Name above. Name above. Name above. You are worthy Lord. The praise. My heart is sing. I receive how great is our God. [Music] Our God is an awesome God. He reigns forever. Bow with the storm of power and love. Our God is an awesome God. Our God is awesome. God reign with thee. Stor of power and love. My God, even awesome. Our God, even awesome. God, oh we come power love our God is awesome. Oh our God is an awesome God. Oh, by we power love our God. Even awesome. Oh, our God. He's an awesome. Oh, heaven. We Oh, God. Awesome. Oh my god. Is it awesome? Oh god. Heaven all of our [Music] power. God is an awesome God. For our God is an awesome awesome. Oh God, he reigns from heaven above power of our God. One more time. Oh our God is awesome. Oh God, heaven. by God of power. Oh God is an awesome. Oh our God is an awesome. Oh God forever. Your power. Oh God is an awesome God. Oh God. He's an awesome awesome. Oh God [Music] from heaven above [Music] the power of our God even God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to the lamb. Tickle tong. Would you please come to open this beautiful word of prayer? So we bow. [Music] [Music] Precious heavenly father, we thank you, oh God, because you are awesome, oh God. Father, Lord, we adore you. We praise you. We glorify you. We magnify your holy name, Lord. We come before thine presence tonight, Lord, with thanksgiving in our hearts, oh God. We thank you for your care and your protection, oh father. Lord Jesus, we thank you for your love upon us, oh God. Lord Jesus, Father, King of glory, that Lord Jesus, King of glory, you had to lay down your life, Father, for us, oh God. Lord Jesus, King of glory. Father, Lord, you die that we may have life. Oh God, Lord, Lord Jesus, you bore our sins, Lord, that we may become righteous. Lord Jesus, that's why we here tonight, Lord. Gather the saints of like faith, Lord, to worship and glorify and magnify your name, Father. We thank you, Father. Oh God, Lord Jesus, we bow our hearts unto thee. Oh father, we come Lord, King of glory. Oh father, because you have called us, oh God, we come, Father, because we know, Lord Jesus, that you are here, Father. Lord, oh God, we have not come together enough just in this building. Father, we have just come under the precious blood of Jesus Christ, Father, that Lord Jesus, there we may meet with you, oh God. But the Lord Jesus come and accept us tonight. Lord, accept our sacrifice of praise. Father, accept our singing. Oh God, Father, as we bow hearts unto thee, oh God, may you accept us, Lord Jesus, king of glory. Father, Lord, King of glory, we commit a song leader to your hands. Take him out of the way and come and minister, Lord, through songs. Lord Jesus tonight, Father, Lord, come father, Lord, and touch his heart, oh God, that oh God, the people, Lord, that are singing, Lord, tonight, touch, oh God, the musicians, Father, and all together we may sing and glorify your name, Father. Lord, that your spirit may come down and minister to each and everyone, Father. Lord, we thank you, oh God. as we commit even the minister who come and stand before this sacrile father in thine hands Lord may you take him out of the way father and come and use him father and as as a vessel in your hands oh god that father he may minister to our needs oh god but father lord as the word goes forth lord let each and every need be met oh god father let everybody leave this place lord saying it was good that we came to the house of god father lord it was good that we gathered in your presence, Father. Even them that will be listening to this message over in the internet, Lord. Father, may you touch each and every one of them, Lord. We commit the service to your hands now, Father, and pray that you take preminence, Father. Oh God, may all be your own glory, oh Father, for Lord, we don't come here to take any glory, Father, but to worship you, Father, to magnify your name, Father. Oh God, Lord Jesus, oh God, after all the glory, Father, tonight, Lord, Father, we thank you and we bring our tithes and offering to you, oh God, Father, Lord, may you accept them, Father. And God, bless each and everyone, Father, that give to you, oh God. Father Lord, may they go to you fulfill that purpose that you have you have asked for in your house, oh God. For you know, Lord, the need that we have, oh God, we thank you and commit everything to you, Father. Now take prime, Father, we remember our pastor. We commit him to your hands, Lord. We pray for him and his family as well. Father, may you praise him, Father, as he guides this church, Father, to create a heist, oh God, to come into your presence, Father. We thank you and commit everything to you now in Jesus precious name. Amen. And amen. Sister Rea, she has a special [Music] service to be pleasing to you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I want to live my life to please. I lift my heart before I be a vessel for honor that I might shine for you. A spark to be pleasing you. pleasing you. This is all I really want to do. To be pleasing you, pleasing you. This is all I really want to do. Lord, I lift my heart in full surrender. All that I hold dear, I give to you. Purify my heart and make me holy that I might live the way that pleases you to be pleasing you. Pleaseing you. This is all I really want to do. To be pleasing you, pleasing you. This is all I really want to do, to be pleasing you. pleasing you. This is all I really want to do. To be pleasing you, pleasing you. This is all I really want to do. This is all I really want to do. This is all I really want to do. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory to be pleasing to you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. So shower of blessing. So we stand. There shall be shower blessing. This is the promise of love. There shall be season refreshing sent from the savior above. Shower of blessing. Shower of blessing we need. Mercy from us are falling. But for the shower we bring. Oh we shower for blessing. Power of blessing within the proud us falling. And for the shower we pray the shall we show our blessing again over [Music] shower. world. We need mercy on [Music] for the showing. There is shower there shower of blessing. Send them send them upon us. Oh cr [Music] [Applause] [Music] blessing of blessing [Music] run for the shower we shower. [Music] Oh, bless me. Now ask to God. Now pass eyes on Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Show blessing of blessing with thee. Mass is wrong. [Music] Right for the shower. The shower. There shall be shower of blessing. This is the promise of love. There shall be seing sent for a savior above. Shower of day, shower of blessing, blessing, blessed morning, but for the shower we always shower of blessing. Praise your revival again. hand over the hills of Christ. Sound of Shower. Shower of mercy. Shower of mercy. We need mercies upon us of falling for the shower. Shower blessing. Wo bless. Shower blessing. Blessing we need mercy of wonders of morning for the show. Hallelujah. Praise God. Clap your hand. Praise God. Praise the God. Praise God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Pastor Peter I rejoice in night and day as I gra for the hand of God all my life I see [Music] I rejoice in night and day as I walked up in the grave for the hand of God on my life I [Music] And the reason all is bless the secret of the comfort abound with me. He abound. He abide. He abound. Oh hallelujah. He abide. Oh go away for a comfort I for [Music] hallelujah hallelujah with me [Music] I'm rejoice in my I saw water in the grave for the comfort with me. Once my heart once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace to me till I heard of Jesus upon my [Music] feet and I peace a comforter abound with me for he abound. Here abide. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here abide with me as a rock as a rock and narrow away for a comfort zone. A be with me. He is with me everywhere. I my every day I as I just as free for the spirit has control Jesus satisfy my soul since the comfort of our heaven abide. [Music] Halleluah. Heaven wait. I'm rejoicing the narrow way. [Music] One more time. One more time. Here abide. Oh, here abide. [Music] Hallelujah. ever with me. I'm rejoicing night and day. I walk the narrow way. All the comfort abide with me. Aren't you glad he abides, church? Hallelujah. He abides with you. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. The Bible said that rock followed them and that rock was Christ. Let us bow our heads in prayer. Most righteous and eternal God, we thank you dear God, for your presence amongst us. Lord, you abide, Lord. Truly, you abide with your people, Lord Jesus. No matter what, Lord. Oh God, you love us. There's something that cannot be broken, that cannot be changed, Lord. You're with us in all our ups and downs. Thank you for your unconditional parental love for us, dear God. We appreciate your presence in our life today. Lord, we want to come Lord with just this uh in particular burden for our sister Grecia. She just was really requesting strongly prayer her cousin's husband. His name is Henry in hospital out in Canada. Lord we agreed to pray and Lord we do. She explained all the uh condition to me and they got very very serious very distressing for the family but we bring him before you Lord not having met him not knowing him personally that doesn't matter but we feel the sympathy we feel as they feel Lord and pray that you would touch him even in Canada now may something take place that all it may know only God could have done that will you grant it Lord and Lord may the main thing may you get glory to yourself Lord and all those Lord I just before me a few list of people traveling Lord give them safety I understand Lord that our precious sister Verona and Shireen are out you know all traveling sister Sarah tomorrow sister Mary an Lord as well just for short trips dear God give them safety may they go out come back safely and be well may their journey be blessed and special and dear God may they come back rejoicing we give you thanks and we give you praise dear God be with your people. And Lord, we want to thank you for our precious brother Theo over it that has arrived today and getting ready just to come up to the pulpit. We appreciate him coming our way. We thank you Lord after going out into Africa coming back Lord for the even the report I've been hearing has been magnificent. Dear God, may as he shares these things with us today, may we be uplifted and blessed Lord. Truly bless our brother and strengthen him Lord as he ministers one more time before flying out tomorrow early. May you bless him Lord. We appreciate him sharing and giving of himself today in the name of Jesus Christ for God's glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's give God the praise and thanks for he is good and greatly to be praised. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. And the uh I believe sister Juliet is back. Mother of Thomas. Where you sister Juliet? on this side over here. So good to see you again. A very big welcome. Let's make our sisters so welcome. Very happy when I heard you were here. God bless you so much. Church on a Wednesday time is a premium. Let us just sing Amazing Grace. And the deacons are going to bring up the preacher Amazing Grace. And then he can add his own song if he pre chooses. That's some precious time of fellowship this evening. And we very glad to invite once again brother Theo over all the way from Trinidad. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. [Music] My was [Music] now I see. I see. Say one more time. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Amazing. [Music] and praise the Hallelujah. That sing like me, holy [Music] hallelujah. [Music] But now Jesus [Music] was so blind. But now I see it. I see. Praise God. Praise God. We sing. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Oh, praise him. Praise God. Tonight we here to worship him. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh yes, Jesus. Praise God. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Father, we praise you and we bless your name. And Lord, you are worthy tonight. Receive the praise of your people. Be glorified in our midst. Confirm your signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. And amen. I want you to turn your Bibles to Acts chapter 7. We want to read three portion of scriptures tonight. Hebrews 10 and Ephesians chapter 2. I want to greet you in Jesus name from the headstone of Trinidad. It's a blessing to be here tonight with believers of like precious faith. Amen. I want to bring greetings also from brother John Conte from Sierra Leon, brother who from Nigeria, the saints, other saints and brethren in Cameroon. We just concluded some meetings there and I'd like to give a testimony on those meetings and share something with you. We had brother Paula and Jacob from Ivory Coast was there preached. Brother Jano Jean Jano from France was there myself. We ministered there and we saw the power of God move like never before. So we're so happy to report tremendous victory for the kingdom of God, God's honor, and God's glory. Amen. So tonight we want to read Acts 7 verse 47-49. Hebrews 10 1 verse verse 5. Ephesians 2 19-22. We go to Acts chapter 7. I like what brother Peter said. He said time is premium in your week. Greetings brother Peter wife church. God bless you. It's a privilege for me to be here. I feel good. I feel welcome. I feel at home. And most importantly, I feel the spirit of God. Amen. So let's read from verse 47. Okay. But Solomon built him a house. How be it the most high dwelleth not in temples made with hands as said the prophet. Heaven is my throne and earth is my foot. What house will you build me? Sayeth the Lord. And what is the place of my rest? Hebrews chapter 10 verse 5. Wherefore when he cometh unto the world, he see sacrifice and offering, thou wouldest not, but a body has thou prepared me. And Ephesians chapter 2, we're going to read from verse 19. Now therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself, being the chief cornerstone, in whom all the body fitly framed together, growth unto an holy temple in the Lord, in whom ye also build it together for an habitation of God through the spirit. Let's pray one more time. Almighty God, we thank you for your word. It's such a blessing to be in your presence among your people. And Father, take me out of the way. I'm so unworthy to stand here, but may your blood come and cover and speak lift to ear to our hearts. And Father, may you make yourself real. May the word come alive to the people. Quicken them, Lord. Baptize them, fill them, revive them, stir them, anoint them, heal them, restore them, release them in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Okay. Um, what a time we had in Cameroon. We had great time in in Ivory Coast two months ago or so and we tremendous time. Uh, the service, the last service in particular, brother John Conte, I talked about it last time. It's on our website.com. powerful powerful anointing that came out to climax the meeting and the same thing happened again in in uh in Cameroon and to me it's just a sign that something has changed something has turned and you know we got a couple of testimonies like four backsliders repented now back with the Lord one minister called to say testify now you fully believe the seven thunders one lady well I saw her came to the front and her foot was straight this way up, you know, and but she was paralyzed. She I think is the secretary of the mayor of the city or something like that. Uh the urban council and she had a paralyzed leg from some disease. Now she walks perfectly. So she was instantly healed and one of the elder pastor there well he was something else. Power of God struck him so much. I've never seen a long time I haven't seen that upon a brother but he said he had a powerful touch from the angel and he he he never had that experience before and one of the one of the influential pastors there in the meeting most of them come they don't bring their congregation and um but he was so touched by uh what the message I spoke on on Friday I spoke on the mighty angel of revelation 10 and I brought the seven thunder you know and so he was so touched that he He decided to set send a tape for his church to play on Sunday. So he'll be back on Sunday. So he came back to meetings. He didn't preach in his own church, but he came back for the full convention. So I know God will do something tremendous. And this is a testimony a 17-year-old sister from my church before the convention. His brother testifying she had been longing to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Sunday evening when the angel made himself manifest, an invisible force pushed her to the altar. Brother Conte was laying hands in the people and he touched her and extraordinary strength and so forth. So she received the Holy Ghost and all fear is now gone. You see even his nine-year-old daughter and experience with the Holy Spirit. Numerous other testimonies of deliverance have been received but we just can't tell them all now. And I myself was so filled on Friday during brother Janu's message. I kept crying with joy almost the whole service to God has been so good to us. So that's a little a little nutshell of what happened in Cameroon. We are so happy and delighted to see the hand of God going before us. And one of the key things I was sharing with the other fellow ministers, what Abraham said, it take a humble heart dedicated to God to bring Jesus Christ into present tense. So I could guarantee you that there is no room for God going to use arrogance, pride and all stuffed up, puffed up. There is no room because man has to fade away and fade out. So tonight I have something upon my heart to share with you. The title is the bride built together forming a dwelling place of God. That's the title of the message. The bride built together forming a dwelling place of God. The inspiration is one body, one spirit. One head. That's my inspiration tonight. One body, one spirit, one head. There is going to be a unity of the faith. Now, this inspiration I got from the amplified of the scripture we read from Ephesians 2. I want to read it back in the amplified from verse 21 and 22. This is what it reads. In him the whole structure is joined or bound or welded together harmoniously and it continues to rise, grow and increase into a holy temple in the Lord, a sanctuary dedicated, consecrated and sacred to the presence of the Lord. Amen. Now this is the verse. in him and in fellowship with one another. You yourselves also are being built up into the structure with the rest to form a fixed abboard or dwelling place of God by and through the spirit. Amen. Amen. So you are not fitting in by yourself. You are being fitted with the rest. Amen. with the rest of who church members. No, there's only one body and by one spirit. You are baptized into one body. Ephesians 4 said there's one body, there's one spirit, even as you're called of one hope of your calling. One Lord, one faith, one baptism. 1 Corinthians 6:18, free fornication. Every sin that a man do without his body, but he that committed fornication sinnth against his own body. What? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which he have of God and you are not your own for you are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God's. So God is building a building. He is not arguing about drawings. As brother Jano brought it to us. The drawings is different from the building. When the architectural drawing is done, you could see all the floors and all the drawings and and all where you have to build sheet after sheet after sheet. You could debate and argue about that. But that's not the building. The builders still have to build it according to the architectural plans. Sometimes builders draw a kind of contrary plans of what that God not honoring that. But once you have the plans as released by Malachi 4, then there's some five-fold builders or there are some ministers to come behind the prophet to read the plans to get an effect of doing some work. The Bible call it the work of the ministry. Not not the lying or the floating around of the ministry, the work of the ministry, the edifying of the body till we all come. So there's a building to be built, friends, and God going to build it. The Bible call it the building fitly for him together. Amen. Cuz God say heaven is my throne and earth is my foottool. What house you're going to build me but a body house thou prepared me. So I believe with all my heart God is preparing a body. A bright body. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. He's preparing a bright body. Isn't that right? Amen. So Colossians said, "And he is before all things. By hims all things consist. He's the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminences." Ephesians 5:23, the he for the husband is head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church. So tonight we have no bishop, we have no pope, we have no man of the hour, we have no man in charge to take over the church or head to lead the church. We have one head and that's Jesus Christ who's among us tonight. Now people don't know a lot of people don't know but a brand came to introduce somebody. I can't get any tonight. That's another appointment with London. That's another message I have to preach. We can't get that. We can't go get that tonight. And that that that messenger is the mighty angel of Revelation 10:1. Brother was Revelation 10:7. But there's another angel that came down. Bible call him a mighty angel. That angel came with the book open. That's the man that brother came to introduce. Hallelujah. And I have news for you. He is here tonight. Oh, give the Lord some praise, people. Okay. Hallelujah. Because when God took the prophet, where did the angel go? He didn't remain on the mountain. He He He is here. Because the voice told John, "Go to Jeffville." No. Go to the angel. Amen. And tell the angel, "Give me that book. Don't cry for the book. Go and get the book and take it and then eat it. And if you take it and eat it, something going to happen to you. Oh yes. It going to be sweet in your mouth, but it will be bit in the belly. But it will give it the ability to prophesy of what's going to happen on the third step or the third pull or the third phase. Oh, hallelujah. Now, the first pull didn't catch the bride. The second pull didn't catch the bride. The prophet said the temple going to catch that bride. And the temple is the word being open to her. Because the word from your husband. Hallelujah. You got to know who your husband is tonight. Because the Bible said his wife had made herself ready. So when you get the word from your husband and you know it's the word from your husband, then you know you are wrapped yourself in the gum of your word. The word from your husband. Amen. So from unity of God in one church, brother Brandham when he lost his relationship with God, he become a unit of his own. Talking about man, he didn't depend on God no more. And then when God had taught him the lesson of what it was to try to do something within himself. So then they build a tower. Isn't that right? Nimrod. And man can achieve better when they united together. Now you take one man, his power is limited to one man. Two men twice his strength. Four men four times. And God wants us to be one. God made man that we should be one. And our motives should be one. Our objectives should be one. Our achievement should be one. He is just designed that way. But we find out that the structure that man begin to try to take over again himself. And all the time these things are going on. The spirit is striving with flesh trying to get man here we go away from his own achievement. trying to get man away from his selfish motives and objectives to a plan which God has laid down. And as long as man works his own plan, he will be a failure. A man can only achieve right when he comes back with the right objective and the right motive that is according to God's plan for him. Any other foundation is sinking sand. Oh hallelujah. But they achieved Nimrod and Billy Towerel and so on because they were in one heart and one mind once there's a unity to do anything great things could be achieved but it wasn't under God's plan. He said dear brother whatever I'm praying sister there's only one church he's talking that's the body of believers out of every church that are truly believers in our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So our church is not the church because there's only one body that he's head of. He's the head of the body called the church. That church is not a physical located church. That church is the body of believers that are in the body of Christ. And by one spirit, you get inside of there. You see, you have to be baptized inside of there. Water doesn't take inside of there. Shaken doesn't take inside of there. Fire have to come upon your life. Power have to come upon your life. Oh, glory to God. And if you don't have that deep in you tonight, you're going to get that deep because that's what we're here for. To get the dirt out, to get the desire off out and put that deep in your soul to get connected to your husband, your mates, the revealed word. Isn't that right? So, but Abraham say we become into a fellowship. The Baptist fellowship, the Methodist fellowship, the Catholic fellowship, the brewian fellowship. Watch. He said, "But by one spirit you are baptized into one body." Brother or sister, just remember this. We are at the end time. Education has took the place of salvation. The church denomination has taken the place of the body of Christ. So you're you're in this group or you're in this group or you're in this inspiration or you're in this kind of camp and that that that is what take the place of the baptism of the Holy Ghost that pushes somebody into the body. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. But once you God put you into the body, no man could pull you out. Once God put you into the body, you are in the kingdom and the kingdom is within you. When you walk, the kingdom walk, hallelujah, is upon you. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Then you begin to realize you belong to a higher order. Oh, glory to God. You belong to the God class. Special class of people. God had the angels before the foundation of the world to represent you because you were not there when Michael fought in the dragon fort. He said God sent the angels to represent you. You were way in the background of his mind because the angels came in the beginning but you were before the beginning. So you are attribute of the almighty. [Applause] Oh hallelujah. You're not from England. You're from God. You're not from Africa. You're from God. You're not from this world. You're from God. Oh, I have to go back to where I come from. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Do you believe that? So, watch. Denomination has taken place of the body of Christ setting all that corruption. That's what the people want. That's what the American church, that's what the Pentecostal, they don't want somebody to tell them the truth. That's right. Oh, hallelujah. But oh my, he says, but the world is falling apart because of the system is outside of God by one spirit. Not by one letter. We are all joined to the body. Not by studying all the mysteries. We are joined. Not by playing the tapes and listen to brother Brana. We are joined. That's not what the Bible teaches. You see, brother Brandon didn't come to disconnect the Bible from us. He come to reveal what the Bible says. We have the word, but this was sealed with seven seals. So when brother Brandham came, he came to reveal what's on this book. So whatever we get a revelation, it has to take us back to the scriptures. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one body and one spirit, and if the spirit fall upon somebody here and fall upon somebody in Africa or in India, is same one spirit. It have one effect. It take out pride and brings in humility. Oh, it takes out deadness and put you on fire. Oh, it break the lethagi. It break the tiredness and the weariness. It turns the water into wine and wine have stimulation. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So when the word begin to reveal itself to you, you get stimulated with the revelation because flesh and blood is not revealing it to you. If brother Brandham come here tonight, he can't reveal it to you because the Holy Ghost alone is the re revealer of the divine revelation of Jesus Christ. Oh, a man can speak the word, but it takes the Holy Ghost to reveal and unfold the word. Oh, hallelujah. But said it this way. He said it wasn't the fact that that Peter said thou the son of God because he they knew he was the son of God. What was the important factor that Peter heard from heaven? That was the important point. Not that was the Christ the son of living God. No, he could have said that on his own. The fact is heaven revealed it. That was the key. Flesh and blood had not revealed it, but my father had revealed it because revelation give you prevailing power on your school, on your job, in your home, in your house. Revelation is power. Hallelujah. If you understand it, that's not power. If you read it, that's not power. If somebody tell you, that's not power. When the Holy Spirit reveal it to you, that's power. and you shall receive power. But the Holy Ghost have to come upon you. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, hallelujah. If God designed man's body, he certainly designed the body of his son, the church. He designed us to come together. That's right. in heavenly places in Christ Jesus and have those supernatural workings of God. Amen. Outlets through gifts of the spirit such as prophecy and wisdom and knowledge and gifts of healing and all these other different gifts is outlets that God lets out his power, lets out his revelation to the people. Not as individuals so much but as a unit. We are all together, one great body of believers. How do we get in this body? By one spirit. We are baptized into one body. So God have to connect us together. Are we going to get ang tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Today, the greatest healing we need today is the healing of the body of Jesus Christ. That's right. his body, his body of believers that's been broke up by different denominations, different one from another. They don't have love one for another. What we need tonight is a uniting together. All Christians shake hands. Every denomination, then God will come down and visit us. Great signs and wonders will take place. He said the only difference in Jesus day on earth than what he was then today is that he's here in the form of the Holy Ghost. His corporate body sits at the right hand of God in heaven. And someday he will come and those that are in Christ will rise and go with him. See that's what we are looking for that day. His spirit with all here we go. All of its power and manifestation is given to the body of believers throughout the world. So no one group can claim we have it. Jesus already answered that. He said when they say low here, he said don't go. When they say it's here, she said don't go. He said behold the kingdom which within you. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. No, but was talking in a message called dedication, Elizabeth Town, Kentucky, and he speaking about Solomon's temple and he was saying that Solomon didn't have the material from his own country. All right? So he had to get it from other parts of the world. And he was describing it the other parts the parts to go into the temple. What a beautiful application it is that God don't just cut out his material out of Jews only, out of white only, out of brown or red or black, whatever colors they may be, just out of United States only, out of Canada only. He cuts his material from all over the world. Let's take that slowly. He cuts his material from all. Oh, give the Lord a shout. [Music] Here we go. and and and and if if while they were cutting the stone of a certain kind that was found in such a part of the country or in another nation to fit this stone that was cut from another nation, it might seem strange to the people passing by. They see a odd looking stone being cut, but God in his own way was doing something. Amen. We find out that the materials being cut in their own native land. Uhhuh. Amen. The materials were cut in their own native land. That mean they don't even have to go to America to get cut. They don't have to go to Canada to get cut. They don't have to go to this convention to get cut or that convention to get cut. God going to do the cutting. Oh, help me Jesus. You're making me feel oldfashioned tonight. Oh, you're making me feel that we have a revival here tonight. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, watch. Watch. Now, we find out that materials being cut in their own native land was peculiar material cut in another native land. We find out they were all transported from by oxcat and by sea and raft but all were coming to one place for one purpose. Amen. The materials cut out of their native land and they were so perfectly fit that in the space of 40 years there wasn't a saw or the song of a hammer. Amen. For 40 years not even a saw or the bus of a hammer. Oh, glory. Watch. Now, many of those stones look very odd. Just like me here tonight. See, you over there's a odd stone. Many of those stones were very odd. But there was a place in the temple from for every odd peculiar stones. God had a place for them. So don't feel funny about yourself. Don't feel funny about you. Sometime you don't even understand you. But there's a place in that body that you going to fit just right. Just right. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Don't condemn yourself. The blood is there for that. Don't live under condemnation. That's what the blood come. to pull it off of you. To free you from your guilt, to release you from your shame, to cut you off your past. Amen. To set you free. Give the Lord praise, man. You're going free tonight. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You're going free tonight. Who the son of man set free is free indeed. Give the Lord some praise this morning. Now many of those stones look very odd. Our ministries, what a beautiful type here. He said it shows the peculiarity our way of worship. Yet when the temple, the real temple will come. Watch. There will be a place for every odd acting person. We may look a little funny to someone else, act a little funny, but remember it's the place. Therefore, us God is cutting out the church. Now, hear this bomb. And every little stone had its place fit exactly to it. And remember, it was cut away from the place it would be put together at. And when it come together, it didn't even need honing. It was already honed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So now we begin to understand when God begin to fit this one here and fit this one here and fit this one here and fit this one here and this whole body become a habitation of God. For the spirit by the spirit. Oh hallelujah. We fitted with the rest. This is an international bride body. There's only one body. There's only one spirit for that body. And there's going to be one head. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Hallelujah. Didn't even need honing. It was already honed. God had made it so it fit perfectly into its place. What a type we find of the spiritual. How that every gift of God, every odd acting or born again Christian in their pecularity, yet it got its place, it fits into the body. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise God. But there was one stone that was actually too odd to fool with. So the builders rejected it. That stone was a big one. It was so odd the big the can that one they rejected. But the scripture says the stone that the builders refused God had made the head stone of the corner and it's the Lord's doing and it's marvelous in our hands. Oh you can I can I have to shout I have to rejoice. This is the day that the Lord had made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh hallelujah. Yes sir. He said the builder building so high until they missed the stone and they keep running around messengers asking where's the stone something is missing the big hole is there he says Jesus spoke of it have you not read of the stone that the builders rejected was the chief corner of stone here we go and I think in the building today of the spiritual house that God worships in I think that we have a great big failure today among the builders we have come with our denominations we have laid it in sincerity we have sent our voice to school to educate them to speak well before the congregation learned them psychology Bible history did everything fine pews high tower steeples beautiful music and so forth but we find out there's something wrong we try to build it out of man-made material what education could produce what seminaries could bring out what scholarship we try to build it upon education upon scholarship watch there is where the spiritual build is today that's why the bride building of Christ here we go Hear the terminology. That is why the bride building of Christ is not ready for the bridegroom is because the builders has rejected the chief cornerstone that was laid on the day of Pentecost which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So they preach mysteries, histories, the past, the future, all kind of revelations. Have people scratching the head, deep things, hidden things, hidden, hidden things, things that not even hidden, written things, things not even written, adding things, taking away things. But at the end of it, the stone is not there because Jesus is the cornerstone which is built upon the foundations of the apostles and prophets. We are no longer strangers. We are no longer foreigners. We have our passport to glory. Give the Lord praise people. We have our citizenship. We don't have to walk and duck. We don't have to hide from the authorities. Oh, hallelujah. You belong here. Come on now. You belong on these holy grounds. No longer a stranger. No longer a foreigner, but a citizen. Oh, you're not hearing me this morning. A citizen of rights. Amen. Hallelujah. A foreigner can't hold a black card in England and walk around saying, "I protest against the king. I protest against the queen. I protest against Mariel in England. They say, "Who are you? What do you belong here? Do you belong here? You have a passport here?" No. Deport him because he's not a citizen. But as a citizen, you could wear red, white, black, blue, whatever it is. They can't kick you out. Come on now. Nobody could throw you out. Oh, you didn't hear what I'm saying. Your name is on the book. Amen. No demon could take you out. Nobody can take your name off the book. Your name is on the book. Listen. Once a eagle, always an eagle. You might be a wounded eagle. You might be a broken eagle. Your wings might be broken tonight. You may can't even fly. But once a eagle. Oh, glory to God. If the Lord I shout. Hallelujah. It have no Kentucky fried eagle. It have Kentucky fried chicken. You're not a chicken. You are eagle. Once a eagle. Devil can't fry you. Come on now. You are here to fly. You have to recognize the wings that you have. You had to recognize you belong. Oh hallelujah. So brother Brandham oneness he say he's coming the coming is so imminent the second coming of Jesus he gathers elect together bring these elect together in from all kind of churches from everywhere now the coming of the Lord Jesus is so imminent the coming of judgment he's calling these elect together with himself with the same kind of ministry he had now watch remember now what did he do he called out the elect to make the lutherans he called out the elect lutuans to make the westerns He called out the electzians to make the Pentecostals. Here we go. Now he is calling the elect Pentecostals out to make the headstone to come into it. So in other words, this headstone body has to be made in order for it to become a habitation of God. Hallelujah. One man cannot make the headstone. So one man show is over. That's finished. If you never heard that before, you're hearing it tonight. One man show is over. We have to be connected with the rest to make up this body to become a habitation of God by and through the spirit just as you becomes the house of God as a temple of God. So when you are filled with the spirit your body becomes a temple. Heaven is my throne. Amen. Earth is my foottool. What house will you build me? But a body has thou prepared. So God has prepared you for this hour to become a stone pulled out to be fitted into the Holy Ghost slot. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Are you with me? That place between LOV and brotherly kindness, that slot called Holy Spirit, that is where you are to be fitted in. [Music] That's where you've been called out to fit into there. You have to be fitted in there. You can't stay here. You have to be fitted into the spirit, the Holy Spirit. Oh my my. Now, this is what stimulate me. Hallelujah. Brother watch. He say you know this the stone was rejected. The pyramid wasn't capped but he say it will be kept in Egypt. It's missing. It's missing all over on dollar. Everything is not kept. Watch. But watch then those stones here we go. That fit around that headstone. Uhhuh. Stones to fit around the headstone will have to be so completely like that stone. Amen. In other words, he says as the bride nears the headstone, pick up and write, she will become just like him. Hallelujah. So the nearer we get to Christ is the more we reflect him. Because his spirit comes down into the church to manifest the virtues. Hallelujah. Now remember, God didn't trust any man with his bride. The Bible said the Lord himself descends from heaven with a shout to get you out. Come on, give the Lord a glory. He came down himself, mighty angel with the book open to get that bride out of the Pentecostal, out of the Baptist, out the Methodist, out of the interpretation, out the men. He kept you out. Oh hallelujah. Now redemption is in two parts. Coming out of and going into. So he get you out. He want to take you in. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the savior spirit? Come on. Be baptized into the body. Amen. Oh hallelujah. And if the spirit of Christ is in you, it makes you live the life of Christ. That's right. No, no, no, no, no. He said all of us are preachers. If you can't preach it, if you can't live it, stop preaching it. He said, but everybody have a voice. Is a life. The life is a voice. If you're living it, you're the thundering. If it living God, Satan seeing it. It's not a talking voice. It's a living voice. Oh, hallelujah. A live voice. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. Oh, give the Lord some praise. The devil get seven of that. Seven of that. Seven of that lift thing. You think the devil don't understand what that is about? He felt it with Jes. It is written is written. Jesus wasn't arguing with the devil. He was just giving witness to the word without demonstrating an inch of power because the devil didn't know who Jesus was. If thou be, if thou be, if the devil couldn't recognize Jesus, you think the devil going to recognize you? Come on now. Come on. Help me somebody. Come on. The devil would not recognize you. Don't expect the devil to recognize you. Not like that. You have to see power. You have to see silver and gold have I none. Such as I have, I give it unto you. He has to see omniqu speaking. The miraculous taken place. It has already begun. He has to see virtue. Power rick shade off of you. Power to lay hands. Power to preach. Power to pray. Power to deliver, power to break the hands of wickedness. Oh, we come against sickness tonight by the authority in the world. Oh, glory to God. You can go free tonight. Power is here tonight. Oh, hallelujah. This is what we talking about. Come on. You can have a revival tonight. You can be sealed tonight. You can go free tonight. Amen. [Music] Amen. See, see the devil don't want you free in spirit. Hallelujah. He want your spirit to be bound. That's why you don't want the worship and the praise. You go when you free your spirit, the spirit of God to connect with your spirit. Jesus help us to talk to the woman in the well. There's a barrier between him and the woman. You have to take some time to go between the bone and the marrow to contact a spirit. And the same way God have to contact your spirit like the Holy Spirit here on the pull pit. Oh, give the Lord some praises people. How many want to give the Lord a shout? How many want to say hallelujah? [Music] You got to do something for something to happen. You can't sit there and just shake your hand. Glory to God. When John saw her, lamb took the book, begin to holler and praise God. That's right. John take the worship to the next dimension. He said all in heaven, all on the earth. John had no amplifier. He had no DJ there to raise the volume. Raise the volume, Mr. DJ John had no DJ to raise no volume. John was his own DJ. John must raise the volume himself. He have to raise the volume inside of here. Hallelujah. Shout the preacher out. Praise the preacher out. Let the glory fill the house. [Applause] Hallelujah. People don't know the power of worship. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know what's so great in Cameroon? I saw this preacher. He said nothing like this. I was a Pharisee. But you know what this look just making. He just missing little top head and long like this. And I'm on the platform. They watching and I say go drop a bomb on that man. Just waiting boy. They preaching the word. They preaching. But I come they preaching. All of a sudden when the bomb hit up goes to those hands. Oh. Let me tell you something. Brother Abraham said when the power fall those eagles will fly out. That's why I don't bother with them intellectual preachers. I have left them alone. One thing I know, when we come back from Jordan, they're going to have to confess the spirit of Elijah. God bless. Oh, we're going to come back. We're going to come back. LCA London will be back. Oh hallelujah. Not only but power and demonstration of the spirit. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Glory glory glory. Brother said that stone will not fit on the bottom foundation. Jesus cannot come until a church a body of believers and the ministry he once had we have to get to that ministry [Music] day without us not be perfect they must have this ministry to raise up the Lutheran wesley it's not man doing the resurrection but I'm saying the Lord does all three. The shout, the voice, the trump. Jesus does all three. The shout has already done it by the brand. The voice will be a bride. Then the voice has to have a body. Give the Lord a shout and there is only one body. Even as there is one voice. Did you hear that? Did you hear that? There is one body even as there's one voice. Amen. So the seven angels come of eternity. Seven. But Abraham was the seventh angel. Six angel represent Paul, Martin, Luther, Wesley, all of them. But Abraham wasn't dead. He was alive. So he was number seven. So then the other angel which is the seventh heavenly angel was Christ. So it was six angels plus seven plus one angel called the notable angel. He call it the one with the swept back wings. Yes. The one with the seven seal. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to. That's the one. That's the one remain on the earth. That's the one fixing things around for his coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You think it's by chance you're here tonight. You think it's by chance I'm here tonight. Nothing goes by chance. All things work together for God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But I want to say, let the setback be a setup. When the devil think he set you back, let it be a setup for something greater, for something more powerful. Let your failures become a success. Let your defeat come into victory. Oh, hallelujah. Let the weak say I am strong. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Don't talk that weak talk. Don't talk cuz I can't make it talk. Don't talk that talk. I can do all things. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To brighten the head soul. She'll be our invincible army. An army that cannot be defeated. We'll defeat sickness. We'll defeat cancer. We'll defeat AIDS. We defeat any condition. Oh, the Lord. I shout in the house. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory God for a revival. A seventh time revival. Glory. What are you looking for with all? My God. I'm looking for You had a testimony of people lined up to come into the church. That's correct. They can't wait for the doors to open. Oh yes. They pushing one another to get inside the church. I told my church, I said, "Listen, I want home good homecooked fire." how instead of these fast foods, good homecooked food. You see when your fire originates in your house, in prayer, in praise, in worship, and you bring your home fire to the church to connect with other people who come with the fire from home. You're not coming to get fire in the church. You bringing your fire from home, go home, cooking fire, praying at home, praising at home, shouting at home. You bringing the revival. You have the danger in oh hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. When the devil see you cross that street say get out. Get out. Get out. Get on. Move fast. Move fast. Move fast. Move fast. Fire coming. Fire coming. Fire coming. Fire coming. Get out the way. Get out of the way. You can't stop a man on fire. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Part of you dipping oil and the other part on fire. And you draw from the oil and you burn with fire. Oh, there is one Lord. There is one body. There is one spirit hit that body. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. What a vision tonight of this bride body. What a vision tonight of you being connected internationally in the spirit realm to make a habitation of God. I have some bombs to drop. I hope I can get some more time. Oh, hallelujah. I want you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Question Brandham here. I forget one of them was was I the son of man, the son of man or the father? No. The watch. Was I the son of man? The son of man. Or was the pillar of fire the son of man? No. The pillar of fire is the anointing. The pillar of fire. He said now the pillar of fire is the logos that went out of God. The attribute from the fullness of God. When man was made in the image of God, then God came down in the image of man to redeem man and brought man and God together. Heavenhood hugged and kissed each other. God and man embraced each other in fatherhood. Now this logos that was in him which was the spirit of God, the anointed through the sanctifying grace of the blood brought many sons to God which is anointed with this same logos. Okay. Amen. Now on the day of Pentecost it came down the pillar of fire broke apart and set upon each one of them an elected selected group. Now the logos separated himself into men. God not in one person. He is in his church universal. That's the reason Jesus said the same works that I do shall you do also. Now King James said greater but there means more than this shall you do. God here we go was bottled up in one man. Christ Jesus. Amen. But now he is bottled and confined to the whole universal church of the living God. Could I read all now? Right now while God is speaking with us in our hearts, he's in Africa. He's in Asia. He's in Europe. He's in England. Amen. Wherever believers are gathered together. Amen. Come on here. He is here tonight where the twos and threes are gathered together. [Applause] So now brother going to answer the question. I am not he. I am his servant. And the pillar of fire is not he. Yes, sir. It is it spirit form which was upon the son of man has now come to anoint sons of men to bring back a ministry. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Do you get it now? Do you get it now? The Lost, the pillar of fire, the anointing has come to anoint more sons. Amen. To bring back his ministry. Amen. Now watch, I'm not talking about the ministry of brother or brother or brother or brother Olu. That is different men's ministry. But Jesus only had one ministry the ministry of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Did you get that? Every real man of God called into that position of power will have the ministry of Jesus Christ in the form of a pastor. Amen. The ministry of Jesus Christ in the form of an apostle. Amen. In the form of a prophet, in the form of evangelist, in the form of whatever, is that right? The five gifts. Amen. But it's one ministry. That ministry is to catch a headstone. Then you see Christ among us. Him moving in and out. Then we worship him. He saw the living Christ. Not no dead Christ. Living Christ healing you, sealing you, delivering you. God is real to you. He's not a thought. He's a reality. He's not a book. He's a reality. It's a plane like a tape and saying brother Brandham did this and brother Bham did that. Is you laying hands upon your child. Is you claiming your son? Is you claiming your daughter and seeing the deliverer? [Applause] Telling Satan, "Loose them and let them go. Let my people go. Oh, hallelujah. Do I hear a shout in the house? [Music] [Applause] Now watch Christ come into his body. Christ is the word. We all know that. And the anointing is Christ. And the anointing is what make the word live. Amen. That is the anointing. Christ is the anointing. The spirit that comes upon the word and quickens that word. Now, here we go. The church has got to get to the ministry. Oh yeah. We got to get to it. It's a goal. It's a aim. It's something to press forward to. That's what Elisha did. He said, he said, "Ask what you will." He said, "I want a double portion. one not good enough. What do you want? What is your desire tonight? We have to get into position. Your desire is a church pew, a church seat, but then you reach because you're on it. But if your desire is to be adopted, there is to be a manifested son, a vindicated daughter. If that is your desire, then we have something to press onto, push onto, [Music] now the church has got to get to the ministry until the church and Christ become one. He can anoint you for every blessing in the Bible. Why feel good tonight? My God. Anything you put your hand. Like the Bible said, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the country of the ungodly, nor stand away of sinners, but is seated." Oh, hallelujah. But his delight is in the law of the Lord. And in that Lord that he meditate day and night. He shall be, he shall be, he shall be like a tree planted by waters. Whatever you do going to prosper. Whatever you do going to prosper. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory. You become the planting of God. You become the planting of God. Hallelujah. I trust I get you to change your thinking tonight. To change how you see yourself tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, that's no weak business. You are more powerful than you think. Hallelujah. You are stronger than you think. The devil is afraid of you. But you don't know who you are. He said, "One day we going to know who we are." Oh yes. One day you're going to know and the devil going to be running. You know why? He felt the power before. Jesus shook him in the wilderness. This written history shook him in the wilderness right now. The devil is trembling because he couldn't throw us down for 30 plus years. We still standing. Liars went on lying. Haters went on hating. And we still standing on Christ the solid rock. Oh, glory to God. Is it wonderful to be a Christian? [Music] [Applause] So if if Christ ever puts out another body of believers, it will bear the fruit the first one did. They will write another book of Acts, not another book of arguments. Not making God more complicated, but making God more simple. To make God so complicated in this message, you almost had to get a degree and go and get some subjects to understand some of what they're preaching. But I'm telling you something. When brother Brandham had to preach to the bull. Oh, hallelujah. Did you hear what I said? When the bull was coming to brother Brham, he had to preach to the bull. He had no time for a book. He couldn't pull out a quote. He couldn't remember this and remember that. Something came over him. Oh, hallelujah. Something something something. [Music] That's a mysterious something that you can explain that something. Oh hallelujah. Say love come over here. He said boy I don't mean to disturb you. Go back and lie down. And the pull out of salute and go back and lie down because Adam was on the earth. Adam came back. Adam. Adam. Adam. Have dominion over the beast of the field. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are coming back. The sons of God are coming back. be back. Anybody time? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory. That prophet prophesied that other sons coming. More sons coming. He was the first one come to maturity. But other sons come with the same power, same authority, same life, same signs, same wonders, I'm not talking about human. I'm talking about supernatural sons of God. [Applause] May be seated. Christ is that stone. Watch. And his spirit cause the strength of that headstone, the strength of the headstone run through the church like a magnet. And we have got to be magnetized to the headstone. You have got to get the magnetism because the magnet don't take up pen and cloth and wood. It has to pick up things with the same properties. So Christ will pick up faith and virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience and godliness and brotherly kindness. He going to pull that up. That's why these things have to be in you. [Applause] Christ the mission of God revealed. The bride body must follow the head for it is part of the resurrection and part of the mystery. And as the head was took from the grave, so must the body follow him back to Eden. Amen. We talking about head and the body. The body have to follow him back to Eden. When Adam lost the book was the book of authority, the deed and everything else. If that book is restored, we must see evidence of it. So that's why brother Brandham had to demonstrate what Adam had. Son come out and shine four days before the doctors and touches my wife. The tumor will go down. He was demonstrating what Adam had. Spoken with power that has been restored. Not will be. It has been. Amen. Amen. Brother was evidence of it. And the angel stand with the book open. And the voice said, "Go to the angel." And people sit down in church. Go to the angel. And people are asking for the book. Go to the angel. And they're asking this man and that man and that man. And they're not going to the angel. But the voice told John, John typed the pray. Give me your glory. Amen. That's what you got to say. gives me the Do you understand what Jesus did? Like you go a store, you don't have the full money and you have part of the money and you pay or you pay for it. They give you a receipt and he's not coming back to pick it up. So Jesus take his blood, pay the price for you as coming back. That will be my second coming. Satan, the price is paid for. So whether you like it or not, you have been redeemed by the blood. When you're feeling certain tonight, you could feel back. That's your feelings. That has nothing to do with what God said. I am not preaching to your feelings. I am not preaching to your humanistic self. I am preaching to the mystery inside of you. When I drop this bomb on you, you are not the believer. Amen. He said the word in you is the believer. Come on now. You are not the believer. Oh, you are blessed tonight to have the ability to shout and say amen and glory. Some churches that can hear amen and that. Oh hallelujah. Remember I got three kind of believers. You are true believer tonight. You believe all the word heard. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. So brother says therefore let me go the body cannot recognize any other headship but the word that is why we can't recognize no message pope no message bishop no message pontiff no big man in the message you have to hear we don't recognize that it only have one headl hallelujah it's not in America it's not in Europe it's not in Africa it's not in in in in in the South America, it's Christ. So when the seven angels came from eternity to gather up the scattered word, the prophet said to tie it back into the word to bring down the Holy Ghost. Let's say that again. That's a full quote. I can't read Holy Ghost tonight. I have a gift to bring out quotes. Don't worry. Don't know what I'm called to do. Seven angels come from eternity to gather up the scattered word to tie back into the word to bring down the Holy Ghost. When that job was finished because that's loose ends picked up picked up picked up picture. When it was finished, go tell the prophet, "Are you looking at the picture the right way?" Because after everything is tied up, after you run out of sevens, you got to take the seven and turn it. And when you turn it, you will see the head. [Applause] That's the head that is connecting to the body. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. So, we are united under one headship which is Christ. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. So, but right now God of his evil age almost done. Watch. In obedience, this little faith woman that lives by faith the bride, watch believes the word of God, obedient, waiting in love for the promise of the age to be confirmed. She is watching for it. She is part of that word. She is watching for her life to manifest that word. Brethren, can't you see? I hope that didn't go for you. The body. Here we go. The body is waiting for which is the word. So then the body becomes the word is waiting for the spirit which is the life. Waiting for the life which is the spirit to confirm or make the life. That is what she's waiting for. No other life will work in her. [Music] You can't tell me go here that will work for me. That's right. Believe this here. Believe this doctrine. People ask doctrine. The devil only laughing. Amen. Amen. Yes. Because when the world comes on churches and they begin to tighten up in this message. Oh yeah. You see what happening internationally when they start to begin to bring the squeeze. You can't say challenge the squeeze with a quote with a book. So God can prophet in the last days. Satan loose and you hang in a book that you hang for 50 years. Instead of you become the book, you still giving up a book. At that time we have to be written this episode. Hallelujah. We have to be the book by then. Yes, sir. In other words, talk over. You understand what we saying? Look, look. Jesus said in Matthew, go into all the world and and and baptize them in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. That what the tape say? Amen. If you play that tape every day, you hear Jesus saying that every day. Go back, father, son, and holy ghost. But you will still have to hear a man of God. That's right, Peter. So, repent every one of you. That's not on the tape. There's a revelation of what on the tape. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. It will take a revelation of man of God. To bring a revelation of what's on the tape. Oh, hallelujah. That's what Peter did. So, not it's more than plain tape. Still need a revelation of what's on that tape. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Glory to God. Give the Lord a shout, brother. Watch. Pick your pen and write. Almost done. Watch. The very law applies to the church today. Whatever seed started the church will come forth and be like the original seed because the same seed in the last days. The true by church, Christ seed will come to the headstone. She will be a super church, a super race as she nears him. At least the part I don't know this is the part that gets to me. They in the bride will be so much like him. Hallelujah. That they will be in his very image. That's right. Glory. Oh my my my. You know as I say that my fashion on first Corinthians 13 charity stuff it along on the screen does not thinkketh no evil rejoices not in iniquity trust in the truth beareth all things that's Jesus believeth all things hope at all things endureth all things charities is not jealous it's not envious it is courteous it is kind it looks for the best in people this is what the love of God does and guess what it never fails [Applause] [Music] they're going to be so much like him he met the woman at the well and he treat her right he said go call your husband. He said, "I have none." He said, "Your one living with is not yours. You had five before." And I done with you. I done talk. He didn't say that. He He came to to bring a message to that woman. He came to to show her her name. He was the book itself. She was clueless of of where she come from, where she going, and what state she was in. It take Christ to open the word to her. Then say, "I that speak to you, I'm healed." And she ran. That's when they get revelation. Start to run. She got excited. She had go home and put on the best dress and say, you know, how to make up a thing and fix the clothes to go and tell people something. No, no, no. She run just as she was because she was free. When you free, you don't care who in front of you, who behind you, who are gone. You don't care. What about him? From a little group. Okay. The first son, Adam, was the spoken seed word of God. He was given a bride to reproduce himself. That's the purpose. What's the purpose? Adam was given a bride to reproduce himself. Why would Christ want a bride? To reproduce himself. So in our words, once the bride body comes forth, we supposed to see more Jesus, not less Jesus. More Jesus. Because you're supposed to see a reproduction of himself. Let's take it the other way. A seed. You put a seed in the ground. Talk about that. Up. Go a little stalk. That's not the seed. Leaf. That's not the seed. When it go through the processes, it come back to what? Seed. Seed in the beginning. Seed in the ending. I am alpha and omega. Christ in the beginning. Christ in the ending. Christ didn't finish his work on earth. He leave the rest for a bride. That's why there is one body, one bride body, one spirit coming to that body. That's the dynamic to the mechanics. Is this the mystery of the thunders that will bring back a power into the church? Will we jump and run and leap over walls? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Says, is this the time for the manifestation of those seven voices? Wait till them seven thunders. Up the voices in that group. Yes, sir. Oh, hallelujah. Listen to brother Bam. from a little group of the true seed of the word. God represent Christ, a beloved bride. She's a virgin to his word. She's a virgin because she knows no man-made creed or dogmas. Those in the bride will do only his will. Amen. Get this bum. No one can make them do otherwise. They find you're stubborn. Yes, sir. They find you're not breaking. Hallelujah. You're only in in the will of God. But no one can make them do otherwise. They have thus say the Lord or they keep still. They know it has to be God in them doing the works fulfilling his own word. He did not complete all his works while he was in his earthly ministry. So now he works in and through the bride. She becomes God's final mercy seat. She becomes the blood of God on the earth. Oh, the voice going to be in the bride and the spirit and the bread will say come. Oh, hallelujah. He is the dynamics. There we go. He is the dynamics. We become members of the machine of his body, forming ourselves into his image and see him uniting himself with us with his love's gifts as he hand them before the wedding supper. The dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Spirit which you have work in a small measure while the headstone is coming down tonight with the body and then the head and the body units together. The dynamics is the Holy Spirit. Oh praise the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh my. We all done. Hallelujah. But I'm talking about luck. He said now the motives of it if you just get it in for somebody that's different. If a man is guilty Lot went down and backslid though he was a Hebrew he went down and was backslid. He was in grace but he fall from it. Lot was saved. Don't ever think he wasn't saved because all the time he was in the wrong place. The Bible said the sins of Sodom grieved so deeply. Now his flesh was doing one thing and what was his end? He brought more disgraces. Wife turned up a sword. He had children by his daughter. So you can see what a disgrace it brought because he had fallen from grace and never restored himself back again. And God had to take him off the earth. But still, here we go. He was a fallen brother. And Abraham, here we go, done all that he could to bring him back again. And that was the spirit that was in Abraham is the spirit of Christ that's in the church today. But Ram said in the church today, we we could say this with that should be in the church today. Amen. No matter what the brother has done, you will do all you can to bring him back into fellowship of Christ again. No matter what he's done, you will try hard. I'm talking about the slave from Africa and the man wanted to buy him and the slave owner said, "No, he's not for sale." He said, "He's so much different from the other." I know it. Amen. What's your price for him? I told you he's not for sale. Is he the boss over the rest of them? No. He's a slave. Do you feed him different from the rest of them? No. They all eat all the same food. He said, "What makes this man so different?" He said, "You know what? I wondered about that myself." And I found out that over in the homeland in Africa, his father is the king of the tribe. And though he's an alien away from home, he knows in his heart, here we go. not here in his heart that he's a king's son and he conducts himself like a king's son. What ought we to do? How should we act? How should we conduct ourselves as sons and daughters of the king? Oh, it's far down the road. We will be one. Oh my. They are united under one hand. He said, "We will be one." Like the great temple when it went together, there wasn't a buzz of the saw or song of a hammer for 40 years. God is cutting them out of Betterist Baptist. And they will go together without a memorial one of these days. Brother Brandham, he was under the anointing. And they begin to speak this way. He said, "Oh, how wonderful. How glorious. I know he's present. I wish you felt like I do. I know I may look silly. I am not. You may think I don't know where I am, but I do. Oh, it's the spirit of the living God. I can't preach no more. There is something. The joy bears of glory has just setting on me. I have never had it happen like that. Just something I know. And he prophesying here now. I know there's coming a time. There's coming something that going to take place. I see it in the near future. The spirit of the living God falling fresh on his church. There's going to be something take place. God, something just spoke to my heart. Fear not, preacher. They'll be one one of these days. They believe it may take persecution to drive us together, but God will drive his church together. Just as certain as I'm standing in the pulpit under one that's Christ. Christ will be the head. No denomination will be the head. Christ will be the head of every believer. On this rock, I'll build my church. I'll unite my church together under the domain of the Holy Ghost. And all the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Amen. Why I want to be united under the power and leadership of the Holy Spirit. We are witness to every word that it is true. May the Lord bless you. Can we stand to our feet church? We appreciate this message. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All over the world, the spirit is moving. Hallelujah. One body, one Lord, one faith, one this, one that. Hallelujah. All over the world, he's moving. Give us a key. Give us a key. Nice and loud. Praise be to God. All over the world, the spirit is moving. All over the world, as the prophet said it would be. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Of the coming of the Lord as the water cover the sea. All over the world, the spirit is moving all around the world as the prophet said it would be all over the world. Let a mighty revelation of the mighty water cover the sea deep deep deep. [Music] Hallelujah. The spirit is moving deep down in my heart as the prophet said it would be deep down in my heart. There's a mighty for the coming of the Lord as a war. Yes. right here. Hallelujah. The spirit is moving right here in this house. And the prophet said it would be right here in this house. There's a mighty revelation of the coming of the Lord. at the water all over the world. The spirit is moving all over the world. Oh, and the prophet said it would be all over the world with a mighty revelation of the coming of the Lord and the waters cover the sea. Who can shout amen to that? Say hallelujah. It's in the hands of the Lord. He is doing it. Is the Lord's doing it. It is marvelous in our eyes. Hallelujah. Tell somebody deep down in my heart. Deep down in my heart. Tell somebody. Hallelujah. Let God be glorified today. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. It's going to change. It's going to change. Messiah is the King of Kings. Messiah is the Lord of Lord. Hallelujah. Messiah is the King of Kings. Oh, Messiah is the Lord. is the king of kings. He's the lord of the lord. Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the lord of lord. Hallelujah. Messiah. Oh messiah. Oh messiah. Glory, glory. Messiah is the Lord. He is the king. Our kings is the Lord our lord. Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the glor. One more time. One more time. Messiah is the king of kings. Oh meiah. Messiah. [Music] Hallelujah. Messiah is the Lord. He is the king of kings. He is the Lord. Our Lord Messiah is the king of kings. Oh, Messiah. Just one very last time. Very last time. Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the Lord. Hallelujah. Messiah is the king of kings. Oh Messiah is the Lord. He is the king of kings of Messiah is the king of kings. Messiah is the lord of lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Just one verse. No. No. Ye are the temple. Oh, no. No. Are the temple. Oh, no enough. No enough. We are the temple. They are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Fill with grace. Fill with power. Fill with glory. Fill with grace. Fill with power. Fill with glory. Fill with grace. Power. Glory. [Music] Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. We appreciate brother the tonight. What a blessing. My hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. He was telling me the detail about the convention, how the person was healed. It was glorious. I tell you, this is what we're looking for. You know, I I love what he said something like this that that it's not coming a time where you're going to give a quote. You go beyond that. The quotes have gone in, gone in, then that transformed into spirit again. Amen. And now now you you become the epistle. You're not giving out books anymore, but you now become it. You say, "Silver and gold, I have none, but such as I have, I give thee in the name of the Lord." Let's appreciate the Holy Spirit tonight. God has blessed us greatly, greatly, greatly, greatly. Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. Let's all be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. We give God all the glory for the word tonight. We love the word. The prophet said it, we believe it. That settles it. Praise be to God. Amen. Brother Devin, great to see you tonight. Amen. I'm going to ask you to pray. Okay, just I'm going to finish up here. Come and close in a word of prayer. Amen. Then I just want to say this that uh we've greeted. That's right. anybody we haven't greeted. Welcome. Welcome. Praise be to God. I appreciate brother Theo giving us this time. He's out tomorrow at uh you know he's got a report like 7:00 in the morning. Now after this I've got to drive him to Gatwick. So you know he's going to get a short night. So I need to see some I might even phone you brother Joe about that. Uh it's just to conserve the time. You understand? I'm sure. Yeah. And then I come I thank you. One or two others want to see me after. Please thank you for understanding. I'd rather get God's servant back so that he can just get some rest. He has certainly poured himself out today. And then let him be ready for his flight early tomorrow and out out of Gatwick. And may God bless him on his journey. We pray. And uh may God bless the saints out in Africa where he's ministered to them. We appreciate all these different efforts. You know, there's a great work going on. The fields are white. Amen. We just want to just recap. Uh Saturday, of course, there's the big uh activity day going up the road here and um that's going to be between 1 and five. Is that right, brother Gerald? I think he's he's not quite he's maybe back there. One and five as per the the slide if it's if it's around. And then uh that's right. One, two, five. Okay. Now, in between that, I propose between two and three. I'm going to be on the the streets. I just want to do a bit of street preaching. Brother Devin kindly agreed to come and join us. Amen. So, anybody want to join? You're most welcome. Amen. As long as the word gets out, that's all we know. The word gets scattered. Amen. Hallelujah. Among the people, that's all we want. And uh I just pray that God would bless in a very wonderful way. 1:00 to 5:00. Then when we finish preaching, we'll come back and rejoin uh back here or back up at the hall as as the Lord will help us. This Sunday is not a 10:00 service as it would have been. It is now what time? 2:00. 2:00. Okay. 1400 2:00, 2 p.m. Anybody that you can possibly think of that might miss that and be a casualty, give them a quick call, email, WhatsApp, text, whatever to let them know it is going to be not 10:00, but 2:00 because it's going to be our Lord's Supper service. So, we're going to have that and then God's going to help us. Um, and also on Monday, of course, is it's it's a bank holiday weekend. So, hey, we're not really counting. We just believe that God's going to add his great great blessings. church. I've been greatly blessed and as I said earlier, time is a premium and it continues to be because I want to get the preacher back to his hotel and I just want to say may the Lord richly bless you. We've been greatly blessed tonight. Some very big significant meaningful things have been spoken and we appreciate all the five-fold ministry of which brother is one. May God bless him, his dear wife and family back in Trinidad. We appreciate them and the church for releasing their pastor that we can be so blessed. You can say amen to that and give God one more clap out of praise. Hallelujah. As brother Devin gets ready to close in a word of prayer. I don't think there's any other announcements. I don't think there is. Know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temple. Oh, know ye not. No ye not. No. No. We are the temple. We are the temple of Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I was truly blessed tonight. I'm really glad, you know. I'm feeling I want God's servant to go and get plenty of rest. So, you know, so he won't hold him up, you know, but I just shall we bow our heads of prayer. Lord Jesus, thank you for your amazing grace, Lord. Thank you, dear God, for presenting brother Theo this way, Lord, to bless us, Father. Lord God, we will walk out here knowing, dear God, that it was good for us to be here, Father God. We thank you, Lord God, for sending such a great marriage, such great ministry, Lord, to be such a blessing unto us, Father. Dear God, I thank you again for your grace, Father. We can truly say, Lord, that we are the manifested word of God in this end time, Lord. Our God has been confirmed, Father, by the preaching of the word today, tonight, dear God. Father Gord, I pray you bless him, Lord. Bless his family, bless his church in Trinidad, dear God, and all that he does, Father. Thank you again for sending him here, Father. Lord God, as we go to various place or various homes in our jobs tomorrow, Lord God, I pray Lord that you send an angel Lord camp around us, Father, wherever we may be, whatever we may do, Lord God, that other people may see the light just living and shining out of our lives. Dear God, thank you again for your grace now in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. [Applause] God bless your church. Shake somebody's hand as we get ready to go. Go safely. Pray for us. And we see you Saturday. We see you Saturday 2 p.m. Lord Saber. God bless you. Thank you musicians, ushers. Thank you. [Music] Okay. [Music]
