################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-12 - The Things That Belongs To Us - Bro. Kelly South - Kelly South - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-12
Title:   The Things That Belongs To Us - Bro. Kelly South
Speaker: Kelly South
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4KqVw7ZnnI
========================================

our heads as we want to &gt;&gt; as we want to start in a word of prayer and ask God's blessings upon us tonight. Amen. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, Lord, tonight to be gathered once more virtually tonight. And we commit, Lord, this session that we're about to have tonight in your hands, Lord. We pray, oh God, that your presence would come down in a special way, Lord, and you would bless us, Lord, Father, as we gather together, Lord, to worship you, to talk about you, Father, to Lord, to to uh uh to gather around your word, Lord, Father, to catch faith, Lord, from your word and from your promises tonight, Lord. May you anointing be with us, Lord. Bless what would uh go before us this evening. And Lord, we just pray that it would uh inspire us, Lord, and anoint us and help us, Lord. Father, Lord, as we go along life's way, dear God, bless your people tonight, Lord. Bless the time we have to get in your presence, but may bless each one in a special way. In Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Why don't you give him praise tonight? Amen. Give him glory. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Blessed be your holy name. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I will bless you, Lord. I will bless you, Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my soul cries out for you bless you Lord. Oh give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Oh glory glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up. Oh, you see Heat. Heat. Praise him tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. [Music] Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty What a mighty. What a mighty God. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty, what a mighty God. What a mighty God. Oh, what a mighty God. Oh mighty God. Oh mighty. What a mighty. What a mighty God. What a mighty God. Oh mighty God we serve. Oh what a mighty. What a mighty. What a mighty God we serve. Oh let us sing and praise the Lord. Oh let us sing and praise the Lord. Oh let us sing. Oh let us sing. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Oh, let us sing and praise the Lord. Oh, let us sing and praise the Lord. Oh, let us sing. Oh, let us see. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Jesus is so wonder. Jesus of Jesus is so wonderful. One more time is the love of Jesus. It's so wonderful of Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. You can't get over it. So, you can't get over it. So, you can't get over it. Oh, wonderful love. Give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. It's the love of Jesus. Hallelujah. The love of Jesus. It is so wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Amen. Give him praise tonight for all in heaven and earth. Give him praise all under the earth. Oh, hallelujah. Let everything that had bread, praise him tonight for his goodness. Oh, for his mercy. Jehovah. Oh, [Music] heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Thank you brother Anthony uh for the song service tonight. We greet you in Jesus name. Let's bow us with a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for guiding us together tonight for this special service and I pray your hand be upon it from the start to the finish. I pray your presence take a hold of everything, Lord. May you speak to us. May you express your mind and your will to us. May the uncction of God go forth with power. May there be healing. May there be signs and wonders right in the people's home. May they know that God is not dead. He's still alive, transforming and changing hearts and lives. Grant it father in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you and it's a real privilege to be here and um tonight we announced that um we having a special service and brother Kelly S from USA will share something with us tonight that I know that will be a blessing to you. So at this time I want to call in brother Kelly that he could come on and he could share what Lord lay upon his heart by the grace of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Kelly, you have to unmute yourself. You can unmute. Brother Kelly can unmute. Just unmute your microphone. You have to unmute. Could you unmute him? There we go. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; God bless you, brother. &gt;&gt; God bless you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Good to see you. Uh hello everyone. God bless you. It's it's so great to be back tonight and speak to you again. Um all of you are always on my heart. Um so many things that the Lord has uh done for me. Um tonight is like sitting in your living rooms, your parlor, your kitchen around the table and fellowshipping and just talking about the Lord. So there's several thousand miles between us, but I'm with you there. And uh the Lord is uh Lord Jesus is very precious to me and has done so many wonderful things and uh and we've had so many wonderful meetings and uh over the last year uh just a lot of things that I wanted to bring back and share and uh testimony as well. Want to thank first of all for um again each one of you uh the ministry uh the uh song leaders and everyone who helps makes the services possible. I never really want to fail to say thank you because um it's a lifeline for us a real lifeline and I uh have grown incredibly uh being a part of Headstone Tabernacle even though it's across the seas. I'm really really grateful. So, thank you all. Um, so tonight is a little bit different. Um, the title is is the things that belong to us. That's the things that belong to us. And the kind of the inspiration for this, I believe brother O preached it was the bride redemptive bride's redemptive rights in Miami. And there were some things there it said that just kind of set me off on a path of many things. And in saying the things that belong to us probably is not that many of the things that we would normally think of. Um so there is a scripture that's here Matthew 13:52 and that's what tonight is like. Then he then said he, the Lord Jesus, unto them, therefore every scribe which is instructed into the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is a householder, which brings forth out of his treasure things new and old. So that's what I'm doing tonight. I'm bringing out of my treasures that the blessed things that the Lord has blessed me with um through the ministry, through the message and so forth to bring those things to share with you um things I've learned that have meant a lot to me. Um, so I've often stated in one fashion or another that I find myself constantly and wonder of the gospel and the ability of the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ to obliterate sin from an individual and the constant growth that we have in Christ if we abide in him and his word abides in us. I sincerely u can never get over the wonder that I am now in the body of Christ as after having been a sinner for so long. Um I often ponder how I got there. And so some of these things are, you know, we know the promises, we know the message and things like that, but some of these things are kind of looking on the backside of what the Lord did um for me to get me where I am. And these things I'm say them because they apply to everyone really. So, um, you know, I I look back at life and I say, how how did I come from where I was up to this point? And there's beautiful scriptures, you know, that he has called us with a holy calling according to his own purpose before the foundation of the world, you know, not according to our works. And that sets the tone right there as to why we're here, what the Lord uh already predestinated us for. And so one thing that that really um blessed me concerning this was brother oid and Ivory Coast this year and those were incredible meetings. He said once a sheep always a sheep and so that made the Bible verse which is John 10:27-28 that that just made it explode to me. I read this scripture many many times. It said, "My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me and then I give unto them eternal life and they shall never perish neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand." And so when brother oid said that once a sheep always a sheep I realized in my previous uh condition as just my normal birth born in sin shaped in iniquity that the Lord was always dealing with me and I believe with all of us that are Christians to bring us to a point and I always thought that you know we always had these preconceived ideas in church that oh that you become a sheep you know you go to church and suddenly you're a sheep and you're following the Lord and he doesn't say that it's my sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me that's prior to Holy Ghost new birth there's something leading us in life and then he says and I give unto them eternal life so he actually leads us to eternal life they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. So that was a tremendous uh uh opening of things to me cuz like I said I you know we we we hear the scripture repent be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ you receive the Holy Ghost but there's these steps that are kind of in between and that the Lord that's hidden in the background I'll call it that are really beautiful when you consider how we got where we are and uh this This is my fifth year. I think it's 5 years ago. Brother Oid, you called me to the Bible study on the 7th of September, I think it was. And so, I'm still brand new. I've been going to church for a long time, but I'm brand new. I'm brand new in the Lord because and I'm learning like crazy. uh wish I could uh learn more quicker and um have more time to devote to prayer and more things like that, but you know, like all of us, we got to go to work and deal with those things. So anyway, it's just been a real blessing to me. So uh one other thing about as far as predestination once a sheep always a sheep called from before the foundation of the world according to his purpose you know um brother Brandham one time was speaking uh concerning predestination and he said I all you ministers out there believe that according to what the Lord said that the gospel is a net and you throw that net because the Lord says it plainly you know it's like kingdom of heaven's like a fishing you know, pull a net out there, pull it in, and they sort out the good from the bat. And brother Brandham said, "I want to ask you, was that fish a fish when it hit the boat deck, or was it a fish before it got in the net?" And, you know, it's another one of those, "Wow, you know, he um it was always a fish before the gospel even caught it. It was a fish. And when it come, you know, they sorted it out." um and considering God's ways to lead a sinner to eternal life and what it provides to do it. This scripture begins to explain the path. It says every good gift and every perfect gift is from above and comes cometh down from the father of lights. So here we go. Father of lights with whom is no variableness nor neither shadow of turning. So things that belong to us, the first one is lights. And so this is where we're going here. Um so I think about for instance the man who witnessed to me about the message. I mean where he lived was impossible for me to ever I never would have gone back there in my entire life. It was way back off the road on a lake in the end of a driveway that was 8 mile long. And the Lord just, you know, going some other church. They were looking for some place to baptize. He had he was on a lake. They knew him. Went back there. Next thing you know, we're in Bible studies. Next thing you know, I know the message and was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And so these these things and so this man, this first man, he was a retired minister. And anyway, so the Lord said, "You're a you know, a a light, you know, a city set on a hill." And so this man was sort of by witnessing to me was the first light I saw. And I saw the prophet uh and the glory of the Lord coming down in our age that really just blew me away. Um the other one though that has been tremendous for me in particular uh in the last you know decade I think uh which really took effect as I said about 5 years ago. Um the next light is a candlestick. So he brother Brandon was reading uh the scripture and uh revelation uh in Ephesians about the Ephesians church 8. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen um and repent and do your first works or else I will come to thee quickly and remove the candlestick out of his place. And he says h I s his. So he said see who it is don't you his place except he repent. So these next quotes are uh a little rough. I'm not reading them to be rough or to this is I'm just reading them to let you know what the candlestick is. And um this is my part about this matter. Okay. So, brother Bam says, in other words, if you got a God-filled pastor, so he immediately identifies what the candlestick is. If you got a God-filled pastor filled with the Holy Ghost and you try to hold him under your finger and said, "Well, if he says anything about us having a robe choir says anything about us wearing makeup, we'll just excommunicate him." And he said, "Don't you worry, God will do it before you get a chance." So, he's talking about removing the candlestick. He'll go out and preach the stones on the street before he'll compromise with that kind of stuff. If you got a pastor that really tells you the truth, you ought to honor God and stay in the spirit and worship God. Uh, you know, realizing that you're going to be lost if you don't. And he says another place down, "Remember and repent or I will remove the light of the star," which he's still referring to the candlestick. What's his place in the church? If you don't repent and go back where he was in the first place, I'll take your pastor right away from you and move him out of his place. I'll put him somewhere else where I'll reflect my light that'll shine. And so again, these sound like rebuking quotes. That's not my intent. My intent is to that the Lord places among us offices. And I will say the in human terms an office uh say our government here in the states founding fathers United States in the constitution created offices with power. They created the office of the president of the United States. They endued that office with certain powers and you know over the military and all kinds of things. But that office with all that authority is zero until you put a man in that office. So um so we have the Lord sets up offices and then he appoints men to those offices. And so the office of pastor has uh and I'm not holding up a man. Brother oid knows this. I see you how many times he said, "Hey, the Lord I'm in the Lord's in I'm in his hand like this. He does like this and I'm I'm done." So, but there is a respect that I have for the office of pastor cuz I see something there that I cannot explain. I have told my wife, I said, "There is something in that man that is leading me." I don't talk to him on the phone much. We maybe talked once or twice a year, but I can't believe how many times I've come out of services and I knew what I was supposed to do or there was something to help me grow or there's something that I better get right, you know, and so I'm just saying candlestick, that's the first one of the first um things that belong to us that God has given us. And of course, there's the entire five-fold ministry. Um, not the ones in people's heads, the one God places himself. And we have been really blessed with some tremendous gifts in that respect. Um, let's see. So, the next one, of course, the next light is the prophet. A star, but he's a was the seventh star in the Lord's right hand. And this really I saw sometime brother Isaac was preaching probably around Christmas time and he wasn't really preaching in this frame but it still meant to me. He said he quoted out we have seen his star and have come to worship him. And I was like oh my goodness I at that old minister's office back down that dirt road on the lake. That's what happened. I saw that star. I saw the seventh angel and I went to worship Christ. I went looking for Christ. I went after him. It drew me to him. And so I never forgot that when brother Isaac said that and I said, "Okay, wow, that's amazing." So the light of the star, the seventh angel, uh this morning going to work, I uh started crying. I started I was listening to Revelations five, one of the two uh tapes and he was talking about seven stars, seven lamps, seven spirits. He says seven mercy seats of God. And man, I just I had to turn it off and start trying to hold myself together because I saw I had been set under one of those seven mercy seats and it was reflected or represented by the prophet to us here. And um so anyway, so that light of the prophet um one thing with brother Brandham being the prophet was um and I just kind of studied this quickly is um I will read one thing brother Oid said in Miami is loose ends. He said the prophets there to gather up loose ends and then there reveal hidden mysteries. Things that are written in the Bible but were hidden through the ages. All right. So this is um brother Oid read this quote. Brother Bam speaking of the last angel which was himself until it comes to that last angel. Now he has no certain mystery but and that was profound. He has no certain mystery but he gathers up all that's been lost in them other ages. all the truths that wasn't fully revealed yet. See the revelation come then he reveals those things in his day. If you want to read it, it's Revelation 10. So this is uh quite profound. I've uh some time ago uh heard a testimony of brother uh um oh my mind slips. Brother Green out there in Arizona that he um was um talking about people saying, "Well, Brother Brandham just read the history and he just repeated what he read." He's like, "Well, but who could have told that the white horse was this, the black horse is that?" and all that. And I was in total agreement because it is absolutely mindblowing when you listen to brother Brandham go through step in and something step into him and start going through scriptures like it's unreal and put things together. And I love to read history. Um, I I think I mentioned before I like to read brothers, real Christians that that ministers that were going on before us like John Wesley and so forth. And these brothers knew some of these things, but it was not made known to the public or shoved under the rug by organizations. So this is John Wesley on predestination and this is right out of his one of his sermons. Um the English and these guys you know it's a little he had to wait a little wait a little bit deep in it. He says all that are called were predestinated. So all whom God has predestinated he forneew. He knew, he saw them as believers and as such predestinated them to salvation according to his eternal decree. He that believeth shall be saved. Thus we see the whole pro process of the work of God from the end to the beginning. Who are glorified? None but those who are first sanctified. Who are sanctified? None but those who were first justified. Who are justified? None but those who were predestinated who were predestinated none but those whom God forneew as believers and this is John Wesley and so these are things that I certainly never heard in the organizational churches we and I tell you what I'm guarantee that Methodists don't meant to preach this today so that so I was thinking you know brother Bham's talking about gathering up the loose ends if you gather something up that means a lot of it was out there it was just pulling it in. So this one, the next one is a minister. There were three men that I have read their works uh that lived at the same time. John Wesley uh in the 1700s. I think his ministry started around 1730ish on up through. This man, his name was Thomas Scott. And Thomas Scott was a friend of John Newton, the minister who wrote Amazing Grace. And Thomas Scott was a John Newton was a rascal or he was like, you know, pick a wicked man you can think of in Trinidad. That's John. That's John Newton was a bad guy. He was a bad guy. And he was so blasphemous. He was a sailor. He was so blasphemous. He he made fun of the gospel. He taught other people to make fun of the gospel. And this is a man who eventually wrote Amazing Grace. And he was so bad that a a ships he was on a sailor. He was on a ship and a captain who he described as a passionate man, which means he yelled and screamed and cursed at everybody. That man, you know, admonished John Newton for how bad he was. He's like, you know, even sinners know, wait, you're pushing it too far with God. Okay. you know, center man said, "Wait, wait, wait, wait. You know, he's going to sink the ship or something here." And but John Newton, his story is stunning. Absolutely stunning. It's a small book. Uh probably I'm looking at 38 3/4 of an inch or 38 of an inch thick. It's his memoirs and it's well worth reading. Well, anyway, he was a friend of Thomas Scott. Thomas Scott was the other way. Thomas Scott was a farmer's son, intelligent. He educated himself. He became a also Thomas Scott were all ministers in the church of England all at the same time. Thomas Scott wanted an easy way to make a living. So being intelligent, he studied all for the ministry and everything and got in and took all the oaths and everything and everything he read, all the stuff from the church that he had to study, he put it down after he become a minister and never read it again. And he didn't even believe the Lord Jesus was divine. So he had these dreams, right? But Thomas Scott obviously come up to a place through his friend friendship with John Newton who had been a minister about 10 years up to that point. And the Lord revealed he got desperate and he started praying and he spent three years on his knees asking the Lord to reveal the truth and slowly disproved all his own theories and came to predestination and everything. So this is that man um he says and this is concerning the attributes of God. This man, it's thick English I call it. But he says, I perceive that redemption itself as planned by God to whom were known all his works from the beginning of the world must be the result of his eternal purpose of displaying the glory of his mercy and grace. So he's seeing already the purpose of this is God to display himself. um and thus manifesting the inexhaustible resources of his manifold wisdom and glorifying at once all these attributes. I considered that until the fall of man and his and his redemption had manifested is I considered that until the fall of man and the Lord's redemption had manifest the attribute of his mercy to sinners. It had, as far as we can learn, been unexced and undisplayed and consequently unknown to any but God himself from all eternity. So he's saying basically he was a savior. He had attributes to be a savior. It was unmanifested until it was exercised when a man fell into sin. And see see here try to wade through it here. Um it could not have nor could he have had the glory of it had he not chosen some objects on whom to exercise it and devised some meth method of displaying it in consistency with other per perfections. I perceived redemption to be the effect of a subtle design from God's eternal councils of manifesting himself. So he's got big words, but it's the same thing. See? Yeah. So, so he he goes on and on about the attributes of God that God and his infinite he had these attributes that he wanted to display and you know sin and everything. And so he's this very large English words or it's it's thick I call it. It's not difficult. It's just the way it's written. But I'm like wow this man in the 1700s and he knows God's got attributes that needs to be displayed. So loose in out there. Okay. And one reason that there were loose ends, it's sort of like during the dark ages, the Bible was not uh in the hands of normal of of men of believers. The Catholic Church had it locked up. Um I think it went to what the Gutenberg Bible, you know, and then the word of God began to go into the hands of men at that point, like 1500s or something. And so so there was that time of darkness because there was no word. So as the reformation went forward and he then Thomas Scott found some books after he had studied and prayed and discovered and the Lord revealed these things to him. He found that these things were already known. He went back into books from the 1500s and 1600s and he said, "I I did all this and you know praying and fasting and everything. Lord, reveal it to me." And he said, "In fact, these guys before me, they knew the same thing." And so he said, and this is where some of these things were lost to the public. Um he says that of these men uh it is greatly to be wished that their remaining writings were were more generally known among us and did not remain locked up from the world in large folios and learned languages in books out of print or exceeding scarce. And consequence of this, the members of our national church, the Church of England, are in general utterly ignorant of the standard doctrines uh and ignorantly brand those the doctrines that he's talking about predestination and all these things. They brand those as Methodists and enthusiasts who preach zealously the very doctrines of the first reformers. So put that simply there was men that understood one thing the gospel is very consistent. The Lord doesn't change. So he in grace revealed a lot of things along the way to different men who wrote that down. Then those books went into dark libraries and corners and they weren't available to the general public only because he was a minister. Someone had copies of those gave it to him. He's like, "Oh my goodness, it's already here." So uh in in those days they were called Methodist. Methodist back then was a derogatory name like holy roller. It wasn't you know with honor whatever it has now. So to be called Methodist because John Newton, Thomas Scott, even John Wesley were not Methodists. They were Church of England. So but you know they they called them that just mocking them. All right, here we go. Next one. So, with brother Brandham, back to the prophet. Uh, one thing was that we had all these intelligent men. John Newton taught himself uh, Latin, Greek, Hebrew. He only had like, you know, four or five years in school, I think, maybe six. Thomas Scott was a farmer's um, son. Um Wesley of course went to Oxford. And so when brother Random came, here's this Kentucky band, southern accent, speaks bad. And I love it. I really do. You know, he can't even read when he starts out. His first wife, he said, would stand up and read the Bible. And he said, "Do you believe that?" Amen. Okay, next verse. You know, he can't even read. And that totally threw to me through the the church world. uh a absolute curveball because they had just come out of the age of man because brother Brandham says he's talking about the age of man. Next come was a man the beast you know the beast with the four faces the beast with a face of a man and that man was the reformers man's education theology and so forth. They said again the next beast that went to meet the horse rider of that day was the beast with the face of a man. It's another uh message. How many knows that the intellectual age, the reformers, Luther, Wesley, Calvin, Knox, Finny, Moody. So um so like I said when the prophet comes along he is almost on purpose I'm sure chosen the way you know people expect when the Lord was to come to come down on white steed and you know come ride down and come into the temple and instead he came in a stable with manure on the ground and so here comes Elijah out of Kentucky a son of a bootleger and the you know the only way the signs and wonders and miracles is what got them to follow it first but then it really threw him a curveball when it comes to the doctrine and you still hear them talking about it sometimes so um let's see so the thing that really blows my mind with brother Brandham again was the inspiration uh it is stunning there is no man that I've ever read and I love to read that could step into the pulpit and take the word of God and put it together in a stunning manner. Uh I was blessed my son-in-law uh told me about this set. It's a headset. It's actually right here. And they you can they actually don't cover your ears. They vibrate the cheekbones. And what it does, I can put that headphones if I'm vacuuming, if I'm mowing the lawn, if I'm whatever, I can listen to a message. So, I've had a jubilee cuz I'm a reader mostly. I have not in the past listen to tapes. But I this whole much of this year, I started to hold the church ages, uh, the Revelation 4, Revelation 5, uh, on through there. And I tell you, it's been a a tremendous time. I'm out in the yard going around in circles, cutting grass, and I'm in another world. And it's stunning to hear Brother Bam step into the pulpit and say, "Okay, if you turn to this scripture now, you can see it back here in the Old Testament. You go to here and you go to here and you go to here and my head's spinning because you realize that Lord stepped into him and it's just going through everything and revealing it. There's no way uh there's no man in history that could do that. Uh all these men that were educated, they could not do that. They had bits and pieces, loose ends, but they could not put it together. So that was a gift of God to us for that. That brought the whole word together to bring the manifestation of course that we are uh here for of the sons of God. So uh I really love Revelation 4. Um, it was so beautiful. We're let's do the church ages and he gets a Revelation 4. I got it here. And in the church ages, John in Revelation is um looking and sees the Lord standing in the midst of seven golden candlesticks, seven church ages. In Revelations 4, John says, "After this, I looked and behold, a door was opened in heaven, and the first voice which I heard, the one in the seven golden candlesticks was as it were of a trumpet, which it was the same voice." There was a trumpet voice back there, said, "Come up hither." So, here we go. And the rapture. And this this just blew my mind. And I will show thee things which must be hereafter. And immediately I was in the spirit. Behold, a throne was set in heaven and one on the throne. And so, let me pull my thing back up here. So, Brother Brandham was speaking about that. He said, "See, Revelations 4, the lamb that was walking in the midst of the seven churches is now in heaven on the throne." And he says, "And the seven church ages are passed." I was like, "Wow, what a view." Because we always think, you know, we'll be caught up together with the Lord in the air with the saints, you know, we'll be with the Lord forever. And there's like this ending, you know, the rapture and you're kind of there. And the prophet takes us through like a portal on the other side of the rapture and you're looking back and it was just a profound view of the church ages are finished, you know, and we're there in heaven before the Lord. And uh so these are the things that just really blew my mind with brother Brandham by the gift of God in him because that seven seat of mercy was there in him, right? And um to expound the word like that and put it together like that. Um so it just all blows me away. So when brother Bam was going to preach the seven church ages, I've read the book uh exposition on church ages. I had never listened to the tape. Uh, you know, wasn't too long ago, you had to have all the cassette tapes, you know, or somebody that could pirate you the MP3s or something, you know. Now we've got them. I mean, everything. U remembers, you know, the stand, the size of cabinet you had to have to have all the cassettes. And then people prior to that, you had reel to reel. I don't even know how they did all those or afford them. Now we have it all on our phone. the whole message. So, brother Brandham then he's teaching about um getting ready to teach these seven church ages and he says, "Oh, may God help us as we teach these. I've studied it from the historical standpoint." So, he's looking at uh verified history, but but I can't wait to get in the pulpit here for the inspiration. and uh or he says, "But wait till I get in the pulpit here for the inspiration." And when I heard that the first time, I was like, "Wow, he sounds as excited to hear what's going to come as the people and it was really neat." And he says it kind of more calm, but that's the way I heard it the first time. He says in this, he said, "But wait till I get in the pulpit here for the inspiration." So he's got all the preparation. steps in the pulpit and the Lord steps in. Right? Because I feel that we are sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And this is key. And that your spirit, your part, the liquifier, the Holy Spirit that's on you comes to another and another to another and it kindles the great body of God. It sets it a flame. And there's where revelations which it kind of ends off he probably meant come and I was like well that's the ministry it's quite something that we can bring our licks of fire together and the ministry in an office can bring forth even further you know than if we all sat there and stare. So, and then one time a minister asked him says, "How in the world do you remember all those scriptures? You know, I I can't remember even half the stuff that I write down." As another minister asked, Brother Brandham. And he told him, he said, I said, "An hour after I get out of the pulpit, I couldn't tell you what I said. See, it's not me. I don't know. See, it's him. capital H putting it together. I don't know. See, I can't tell you. I just get up there, something strikes me, and I just know the scriptures like that. You might ask me the scripture an hour later, and I wouldn't know, but it just comes like that. And sitting on the lawnmower, listening all those revelation tapes or whatever, you see it so clearly. It's just stunning to listen to him, you know, go back and forth and you understand clearly that it's not him, it's the Lord, you know, because only the Lord knows the word that well. And and then in Revelation part five, uh, chapter 5 part two, he says again, don't let me have to try to tell you it's some of my great wisdom. He's kind of saying, no, it's not my wisdom. And this was interesting. But the one who revealed the secrets of the heart. So everybody is really mesmerized by the discernment in the prayer line. Your name is Miss so and so. You got a daughter you're praying for. Her name is so and so and she lives here and there and people are mesmerized by those things, right? The supernatural. But he says the one who revealed the secrets of the heart is the one that showed me in the scripture. So he's saying all the things that you were hearing me say is the same one same one that you see in the prayer line. And uh that was stunning stunning to me. So there's there's so many things I could say there uh in the prophet. It's just um it's just so amazing. So um the I call it the the I was talking about lights. So um I'm talking fast here I think but brother Brandham also of course the pillar of fire was in the meeting. So that's what I kind of call the third example of lights that we have been given. of course he was the source of the light in the prophet you know and in those um in the pastors you know and different ones that's the pillar of fire the lord Jesus himself but there was a beautiful quote cuz we always see again the magnificence of the pillar of fire we read about it in the meetings that brother Brandham had especially early on I read uh uh those books that are about brother Brandham uh I can't remember the man that wrote those put those books together, but describes a pillar fire going down the aisle, visible and people on both sides jumping out of wheelchairs, blind, hearing, everything, you know, and these um pillar fire going out over someone and telling them exactly uh all kinds of things about them, you know, a pillar of fire coming down in the pictures in Switzerland, I think it was, where you see it come down in the pictures down into brother Brand and when it hits him he speaks out to somebody. So there's all these tremendous things. Whoa. Pillar of fire, you know. But he said that of the pillar of fire, this beautiful quote, that same Jehovah God has sent his light, the pillar of fire, before the coming of his son the second time to lead us. Uh, beautiful to comfort us, to bring us into that fountain that we may wash from our sins and be clean in the righteousness of his son, the Lord Jesus, and become sons and daughters of God, born a new by the spirit of God, which changes. And that was so beautiful because, like I said, you think human thinking, we're like pillar fire. Oh my goodness. It's wa but it's the purpose of it was so uh it was so loving of the Lord, you know, so beautiful to to lead us, to comfort us, to bring us to that fountain. And uh I just was thought that was really beautiful. So let's see here. So things that belong to us. And the next one is uh we had lights. So the ministry, you know, prophet, the local ministry that uh pastors, teachers, uh evangelists, prophets, so forth that the Lord gives us to shine himself through cuz he is that light source that goes through there. And uh it's an interesting thing because naturally people look at the flesh with supernatural eyes, you see it something else. you can't explain it otherwise. Uh it's amazing to me and I'm just super grateful. Next thing is the Holy Ghost. That's the next things that belong to us. Uh early in the message when I was in the message um um I was riding back and forth u here to Fort Wayne. Fort Wayne, the church down there was almost an hour and a half drive. And the brother I was with, and I was brand new, you know, in the message, maybe just had known about a year or a year and a half too. And he was lamenting about that, you know, the the Holy Ghost series, what is the Holy Ghost? What's it given for? And brother Bram talks about tomorrow night we're going to talk about how to receive it. And uh we're going to hold that tape, I think he says. And so this brother was lamenting, oh well, you know, just imagine if we had that third tape, you know, that third tape's missing somewhere, you know, of how to receive the Holy Ghost. And you know, all these years, I thought of that. Um but I can tell you it's right in front of us because in fact brother Brandham now that I uh have been changed myself uh with a birth I look through the message I'm like it's brother Brandham plainly said it in many places how to receive the Holy Ghost you don't need the third tape it's there and this is one part of it in the uncertain Now he said but when you thoroughly now I'm talking holy ghost for a birth I mean there's you know placing and those things that we are promised as well but for a birth when you thoroughly repent and believe on the Lord Jesus Christ you're going to get it. Nothing uncertain about that. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Is that right? And he said, "God said, I'll give whosoever will the Holy Ghost. It comes and there's nothing uncertain about that." And you say, "I'm a drunkard. I'm a prostitute. I don't care what you are. Whosoever will let him come." Nothing uncertain about that. So I will say that I think repentance is probably the biggest problem. Uh brother Bam calls it the veil of self-will. Uh my experience uh it's only my experience. Obviously there's lots of others that have it, you know, uh different things, but I repented for 20 years. Lord, I'm so sorry I did this. Lord, I'm so sorry I did that. And that's not repentance. Um, repentance comes down to a heart level. For me, it was like all the stuff that I was trying to do and I'm sorry, Lord, and I'm not going to I'm not going to do this, and I'm going to try this, I'm going to try that, was totally kicked out from under me to where I just come and kind of like, I'm Jacob. I This is what I am. This is what I've done. This is how I got there. I got nothing I can offer you. I have zero. And but I accept by faith the sacrifice that you provided for me. And then the miracle come. The problem was repentance really. I didn't never really repent. I didn't own my sin, you know. So let me see. So one thing that's beautiful I like because he has to lead us into it, right? He uh and I will say brother Solomon as far as repentance and everything uh in Ivory Coast he he preached it beautifully. Uh there's um with the the dual translation it's a little bit tough to hear a little bit but brother uh Solomon really preached it beautifully I coast about receiving the Holy Ghost and repenting and so forth. So, one quote I love is because sometimes when you think of uh a person as I was thinking of how in the world I'm going to receive the Holy Ghost, he says, "Brother Bam, uh he's telling a man, y'all remember the story. The man said, uh that'd come out of a church service. The man said, "Brother Brand, you know, um, I just don't can't buy or believe what you say, but however, I'd like you to come over to my house and have supper." And brother Bam said, "No, I got plans." He said, "Where's your house?" "Well, it's up over that hill there." And it was dark outside. And we said, "Well, you can't see it from there." And you know the story. It was, "Well, how do you get there?" "Well, I got a lantern." Well, you can't see your house, but I can see the light and I can walk in the light of this lantern until I get to my home. And so that's what brother Brandon was saying. He said, "That's it. Just walk in the light." So that's an encouragement to every single person, no matter what place you're in. He said, "Just keep walking. Don't stand still. You'll never get nowhere if you stand still." Basically, if you've been saved, walk to sanctification. You say, "How do you get there?" Just keep walking. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost after sanctification. How do I get that? Just keep walking in the light. Is signs and wonders and miracles. Just keep walking in the light. Just keep on. Every time you make a step, the light will jump just a little ahead of you because he he's the Lord always ahead of you. He don't push, he leads. He is the light. Oh, I'm so glad of that. Aren't you? He is the light and in him there is no darkness. So, I love that. And that is uh my encouragement for everybody. I don't care where you're at. Just keep walking. There are times when uh you know, even in since my birth, it's like h I'm so tired, you know, you know, I don't feel like reading or whatever. And I'm like, "No, just keep putting wood on the fire. No matter how you feel, keep putting wood on the fire. Keep keep it stoking it, you know, keep walking in the light, tiredness or not." And that has been a tremendous thing because when you feel in the flesh really bad and you just start reading the word, you start getting into the message and something beyond your flesh comes up and anoints you and you have something to live on, something to uh spiritually eat and it gives you strength to go forward regardless of how your how your natural body feels. So, so the next one uh things that belong to us is prayer and brother Brandham he says stay under prayer and he said this is in Hebrews chapter 1. Now on this side he's talking about they had the fanatical side and you know different sides of Christians. He's talking about going down the middle of the road. though the one side he says now on this side from opposite of fanatical when people get converted I mean he's talking born again you know and you think oh Holy Ghost I'm done no sir he said on this side when people get converted their minds is set right on Christ their mind after conversion set right on And if they're just a little scholarly and don't keep under prayer, they'll get real cold and stiff and starchy and indifferent. And this is a converted person. You remember he said, "Okay, you know the stature of perfect man." Okay, you got faith which is birth. You just got started. Because that means you still got a journey. And for, you know, again, back in, you know, carnal days and everything, you get the Holy Ghost, you're done. That's what people would think in their natural minds. And you find out, no, no, you got to, you got to keep going. I read a beautiful scripture uh can't think it's in the Psalms and the Lord he is uh David is talking about the Lord that he gives food to uh to all these creatures in the sea you know the fish and the whales and whatever and he said you give them their meat in due season and they gather it and I thought wow even the animals they got something to do the Lord gives them their food but they got to go gather it. The Lord gave Israel the land, but they got to go take it. They got to step on it. They got to walk on it. He gives us the Holy Ghost, but we got to keep walking. We got to keep taking the land. We got to stay under prayer. We got to stay in the word. And so anyway, that was a real blessing to me to see that one. And then a great promise. I was listening to some Christian music and there's a group in Australia that puts there's a lot of groups that put psalms to song songs and they're pretty messed up but these these folks do pretty good and they put in Psalms 91 to music and I was at first time I heard it and I'm like wow that's an incredible psalm you know Psalms 91 and so let me see if I've got it up here. There it is. Okay. So, this is where the Lord says, let me move this out of the way a little bit. There we go. Split my screen up properly here. Um, Matthew 6:6, he says, the Lord says, "But thou, when thou prayest, enter into your closet, and when you have shut the door, um, pray to thy father which is in secret, and your father which sees in secret shall reward thee openly." He also says in John 15, "If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you." So then I heard these words in Psalm 91 says, "When you pray, enter into your secret place, your father which sees in secret shall reward thee openly." Psalms 91, he that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high. And John 15, if you abide in me, my words abide in you. Ask what you will. Uh shall abide. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. So there's Matthew 66 and John 15:17 in Psalms 91. And there's then there's a ton of promises. Now, brother Bram said, "The secret place is the Holy Ghost." That's what brother Brandham said. But it's interesting that it's there. But secret prayer says, I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge, my fortress, my God, in him will I trust and says, he that dwelleth in the secret place shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. And here's the promises. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence. He shall cover thee with his feathers. Under his wings shalt thou trust. He's truth shall be thy shield and buckler. This is because the first verse. You shall not be afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flies by day, nor for the pestilence that walks in darkness, nor for the destruction that waste at noonday. A thousand shall fall at thy side. 10,000 at thy right hand that shall not come nigh thee. Only with your eyes will you behold and see the reward of the wicked. Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most high thy habitation, there shall no evil befall thee, nor shall any plague come n thy dwelling. For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone. He shall tread upon the lion and the adder, the young lion and the dragon. Thou shalt trample under feet. The dragon, that's a good one. Because he has set his love on me, therefore will I deliver him. I will set him on high because he has known my name. The Lord speaking there. He shall call upon me, the Lord, and I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble. I will deliver him and honor him. with long life will I satisfy him and show him my salvation. Why? Because you dwelt in the secret place of the most high and abided under the shadow of the almighty. So that was very beautiful to me. Um recently we're my wife and I were in some meetings um some youth meetings and there was the host pastor was encouraging young people about prayer. Uh there was a lot of good things said about prayer, but he was just coming to close out the meetings and he said, "I suppose you wonder when the Lord when is he going to hear my prayer?" You know that I pray and he hears hour, two hours later, next week or or when will the Lord hear my prayer? And he read this quote that was just stunning. So it's brother Brandham. He I don't know I forgot where he was at. Oh, it's in Countdown, &gt;&gt; excuse me. So, Brother Brandham's under discernment. He says, "Do you believe that?" The little lady sitting there in the audience with sunglasses on. Yes. You believe that? You had some deep thoughts right then, your eyes will be healed if you believe it. Now, let me tell you, someone says out in the audience, "She's got glasses on." That's the reason he knew it. He said, "No." He said, "Look here. Come here. Not not come here. Just look at me a minute. Talking to the lady with the sunglasses that's gotten blind. Do you believe me to be his prophet or his servant? Do you believe it? You do it. You should have with them thoughts you're having. Thinking of how mysterious she was thinking. What a great revelation that was of the moon representing that. Is that right? Is that right? Raise up your hand. He said, "Now, how could I know what she was even thinking in her heart? The word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword. The discerner of the thoughts is in the heart. He tells the lady with the blind with sunglasses, now pray for somebody or do something. Here it is. Here's what pops in your head. Immediately tells her, "Think of somebody or do something." Here it is. Here's what pops in your head. Here's what's in your heart. You have two brothers that you're praying for and they're both alcoholics. If that's right, raise up your hands. All right. So, the lady had no sooner thought of her brothers than he saw it immediately. So, her prayer was instantaneous to heaven for her brothers. And Brother Brandham picked it up instantaneous. So, it was an encouragement to the young people and and even to me it's like, wow. You know, you think you pray and you know, you you kind of put it in a queue and it goes, you know, with everybody else's prayers into heaven or something. You know, human mental stuff. But the Lord knows what you pray immediately. And I've had plenty of times where I you don't feel like your prayer's getting through and then the Lord will do something to let you know he heard you. He heard you, you know. So that's great. Let me pardon me. Get a little water here. So, things that belong to us, we're still going. Healing. Okay. Deuteronomy 7:12 and then verse 15. Uh, I really love brother Brandham talked about uh first time he met brother Bosworth. There's a series called experiences like early in brother Brandham's ministry. He says, "Ah, Brother Bosworth's here. I read his book when I was a boy," which means he was a young minister. And so I I it's uh Christ the Healer, Brother Bosworth. So there's a lot of really doctrinal things in there concerning healing that um the scriptural, but some of the things he talks about, of course, is Christ uh taking from us the curse of the law. And of course, the curse of the law is if you don't do all the stuff I tell you, all the stuff that happened to the Egyptians, you know, it'll be on you. Anyway, so it's Deuteronomy 7 uh uh 12 and 15. And the Lord says, "Wherefore, if it shall come to pass, if you hearken to these judgments," it's Old Testament, "and keep them, and do them, that the Lord thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which you swear unto thy fathers." And 15 says, "And the Lord will take away from thee all sickness." That's all sickness. Well, I'm getting old. what I have all sickness. So he's got a definite promise and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt which thou knowest upon thee. And part of the human experience is people don't have not even as Peter said um or it was it James said you know people were not able to keep the law you know there was um still under sin you had to have sacrifices you had to confess you had take a lamb go back out brother Ramsey your man was an adulterer he went in and he slayed a lamb he confessed his sins and He went back out and it was still in his heart. So what I love I really love uh is how do we keep his judgments and statutes that that that will they'll be and that's in Ezekiel 36 which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And there's the process here and I I've always loved this. Um, then I will sprinkle clean water upon you, which is the washing of the water of the word, and you shall be clean from all your filthiness, from all your idols will I cleanse you. So, he's no longer saying, "If you keep my statutes, I will cleanse you. A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you, and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh, and I will put my spirit within you and cause you to walk in my statutes, and you shall keep my judgments and do them." So the Lord Jesus, his sacrifice made it possible for the spirit in him to come back upon the believer. So it says he took away the curse of the law from us by his own blood. So these things where the Lord says you keep my covenant, he made a way for us to do it. And in that he says, "And the Lord will take away from thee all thy sickness." So there are definite promises in there and there's a lots of what are called the expressed will of God in the scripture concerning different things and there's a lot of things in there concerning sickness that he intends for us to be healed. It's just you know we got to come past unbelief and accept that from our hearts. And um I love the uh promise of the Lord means a lot. Ask and it'll be given. Seek and you'll find. Knock and it'll be open. You know, I said, "Well, I am not laying down any of these promises. I'm going to ask seek. I'm going to I'm going to knock until this comes through. Everything." That was the big thing. Uh when brother Ob preached I believe I believe the title was brides of redempt redemptive rights in Miami. I was like I don't know what they all are but I want every one of them. All those rights I had mine I am going to ask for every one of them every day. And um and he promised if we ask seek knock that we'll it'll be there. That's an absolute definite promise. There's the stuff that's prevents is uh as brother Ram says our doubts and things like that. He said the sun is always shining. Always shining. The clouds keep it from reaching the earth. He says the clouds of our unbelief and fears and doubts prevents God from shining on us. Right? and or things that we hold uh sin or iniquity, whatever we may have unconfessed. When you get the obstacles out of the way, instant sunlight. The the as Charles Finny said one time, the face of Jehovah will shine fully upon you because he's always always there willing to answer prayer, always wanting to do all these things he said he's going to do. So, that's one of the big prayers these days. Lord, I want to get the obstacles out of the way. I just want to get them out of the way. So, here we go. Next one. Um, things that belong to us, our loved ones, our families, and um, there's a quote here. It's interesting to me. Brother Brandon preached in 1960. Adoption number two is a message. And this is way before he preached the token in 1963. And I saw this, I'm like, whoa. You know, those things that the Lord kind of drops in there. Pardon me. He, Brother Bam, says, "Now, let me just drop a little token here." I'm like, "You got to be kidding me." He says the word, "Let me drop a little token here." He's not preached a token yet. That's like three years down the road. Let me drop a little token here that I touched on the other night to you mothers. How many here has prayed for your loved ones lost? All right, there you are. See, he's it's your inheritance. That's what he's talking about, your inheritance. Paul told the Roman, he said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. Thou and thy house shall be saved. and thou thy house shall be saved. If you, and brother Bram says, if you got faith enough for your own self to be saved, have faith enough, no matter how wavered that boy is, and I mean they can get wewarded big time, or that girl is, they'll be saved anyhow. God somehow if he has to lay them on their back laying there in the hospital dying, they'll be saved. God promised it the inheritance. Oh, and they shall be there, said Isaiah, with all their offsprings with them. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, sayeth the Lord. So in the Bible, and the Lord's word, there again are things that he does as a way to say, "This is my expressed intent and will." And sometimes we read them as stories, but in fact he's expressing his will for the believer. And so those things those those things that are in the Bible are expressing what he wants to do for us as believers. So we are to take that as thus sayith the Lord and move forward with it. So here's where he says in the token itself in 1963. Here is what you want to believe for. See, you want your own safety. You believe for your safety. So, you know, in the aircraft, they tell you, "Hey, at the, you know, the oxygen goes out, you got children, you pull the mask down, put it on yourself, then put it on your children, right?" So, it's kind of the same thing. It's like, um, you believe for your safety and then apply the token for the whole family. You say, "How can I do that?" Claim it. Exclamation point. If it worked on you, then you and the word becomes one. Amen. Amen. See, it works for both of you. You and your children. You and the word are one. Then apply it to your children. Apply it capital I to your loved ones. So those both of those were beautiful. Uh, of course, the Lord being infinite dropped in in 1960, you know, let me give you a little token before he even come up with the message. So, I always love those little things the Lord does like that. So, like I said, God's words, he has expressed his will concerning the believer's family uh in the Bible, Rahab, which we hear about often. And uh I went back and read this dear sister's words recently and wow I never saw what she said really hear the story you know since I was a kid but Rahab said to the spies after she had hid them and everything said now therefore I pray you swear and she's speaking to the two spies she had hidden I I pray you swear unto me by the Lord since I have showed you kindness that you will also show kindness unto my father's house and give me a true token. And listen to this. That you will save alive and that you will save alive my father, my mother, my brethren, my sisters, and all that they have. So she just extended the family out into nieces, nephews. This lady did not stop the list. It's like my mother, my father, my brother, sisters, and everything they got. Save him alive and deliver our lives from death. And when the walls, of course, everybody knows Jericho fell. Joshua, representative of the Holy Spirit, said, "Go get Rahab." And man, I don't know how big her house was, but I'm sure it was packed. And I loved that. I was like, "Wow, God bless you, my sister. Man, you you you know, it's like don't stop. name everybody. Claim everybody. I really love that. And then then in um that's in Joshua 212 through13. And then another one I love, we've all heard the story of Cornelius. Uh Cornelius tells Peter his story. There's this the story of it first. Then Cornelius tells Peter and then Peter goes to Jerusalem to report because they're like, "Hey, you've been in with Gentiles, you know." And he goes back to report to the church in Jerusalem. When Peter tells the story, it's kind of a third time. And he Peter speaking, Cornelius showed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, "Send Meter to Japa. Uh, send men to Japa. Call for Simon whose surname is Peter. Who shall tell thee words?" I love this. Whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved. This is a this is not Rahab saying I can you save her. No, this is the Lord telling him you go send to Peter and he'll tell you how you and your whole house are going to be saved. So he didn't he didn't say Lord would you save my whole you know maybe he was praying part of that I don't know and Peter says whereby thou now thou house shall be saved then Peter says as I began to speak the Holy Ghost fell on them as on us at the beginning. So how were they saved? The Holy Ghost fell on them. He said show them how they will be saved. So the Holy Ghost is salvation. So, so that was very beautiful and I love those things. All of us have had or you know currently have wavered children. Uh and it's it's tough. It's really tough. We had some really tough times. But it's just such a beautiful thing that I uh things can be very very painful when your loved ones are out there in impossible looking situations and you just have this calm confidence that man the God who saved me can save them. There's no no question no question. the worst thing like seconds. I love uh non the Syrian when he was uh uh Elisha told him go and you know dunk yourself seven times dip yourself seven times in the Jordan. Of course he complained. The servant said sir you know you would do that in Syria. Why don't you just do what the man says? And he goes down seven times comes up. It doesn't say he screamed. It doesn't say he felt anything. He just come up and he was clean instantaneously. And that's the way I see the Lord can do with those where we're children, there's he's capable of doing that. So the same way um when someone is um born again, it's like it's it's amazing what happens. Anyway, let's move on then. So this next one um is somewhat of a testimony. In the next one, things that belong to us is uh adoption. And that again is often humanly I think I love so much that brother Random said the Lord interprets his word by manifesting it. And that frees me so much. I don't have to figure out what it's going to happen. I just have to see it in the word, believe for it, trust the Lord for it, walk in the light. As I walk in the light, he reveals me more. Right? So I think um you know he the Lord said when he was a young boy and his mother and father came looking for him, don't you know I should be I'm should be about my father's I would be about my father's business. And so, um, I was thinking, this is maybe a poor example, but I have, um, men, local business owners here. I know of one and another who's in the same situation. Uh, has amazing local businesses, a garden center, and some other things that were really, really needed in the community. They had no heirs. They had no son to step in. And one of them's already closed to business. and the other one I don't know and they're they're really places that are need in the community and they had and the one is three generations and there's no fourth generation to take that business forward. So it's almost like my friend that took over when his father passed was placed in his father's business. Those are natural uh examples of that sort of thing. So the Lord said early on with Adam, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness. Let them have dominion over the fish, over the sea, the fowl of the air, over the cattle, over all the earth, over every creeping thing that creeps upon the earth." So you would say he had a son that he could put on earth to take care of those things, to take care of the garden, to tell uh brother Olu said he had work. he had worked. So he had placed the sun on the earth to take care of if you will that part of that business dominion over the earth. So in saying that um I read a quote a few years ago and it's one we know very well and um he says in what is the Holy Ghost given for God is waiting on me and you the church is waiting on me and you adoption time when God can pour into us his fullness. And I looked at that his power and his resurrection. I looked at that I says when he when he can pour. So the idea was at that time he could not. And I was like why couldn't he go his power, his fullness, his resurrection. So Christ and church become so close together. Christ becomes visible among us and raised the dead. we go in the rapture cuz he's saying basically he can't do it right now when he preached this and obviously we've seen pretty much the same thing up through the day through the years. So I said, "Okay, what what is it that he's not able to adopt in the church?" And reading and reading and reading, I began to see that consistently the reason was, "Brother Ram, because of disputes and divisions in the church and I thought it was all kinds of other things, but he's preaching here ye him." Uh he's preaching on adoption. And he says, 'N no wonder the church hasn't got one great growth constantly going. He cannot get his children to stand still long enough. One says, I won't have anything to do with that. My church not cooperating. I'll just leave leave out of the picture. That's where you get in trouble. My denomination, I'm a Presbyterian. We're not affiliated with that. So I could not even go to such a meeting. Oh my. And those were denominations, right? But that continues on into where we're at today. And again, and here you Oh my, how God wants to take his church today and adopt it. He's give it birth. Now he wants to adopt it. These people with the birth, but we just won't stand still. If it raises up amongst the Methodists, the Baptist have nothing to do with it. raises up amongst one church, the other one had nothing to do with it. It's a twist and a twirl. So there's this thing of and so it surprised me. I thought it would be much different reasons, but it was divisions. And so any I had these things. This is like two or three years. Two years ago at least I started studying this and I thought someday you know I might you know have one of these talks I would Why are we not adopted? So I never got there. But anyway, I had these quotes on the side. So there is um there's so I had a journey the Lord has brought me on as a individual that um he showed me that I had some of these problems and uh it's been quite a journey. I am going to refer to some very precious brethren. I won't name or name the church or nothing. Um I um ask if the dear brethren, I mean they're stunningly precious to me. If they hear this, this is an apology, a confession. Um I had a wrong attitude uh about some things. And talk about grace that we have a Lord who will say, "Hey, you know, let me turn the light on here. You got a problem." and walk us through and deliver us from things. So I will say brother Random himself uh as brother Oid often says here's a man with the Holy Ghost a prophet and he has he's condemning somebody and the the you remember in the juke joint you know the lady with the painted and he's with two men and uh and he said Lord how do you even let stuff like that live you know and the Lord pulled had to pull him aside and show him what he was doing and condemning that woman and also of course about sincerity that u a man holy ghost prophet and the lord had to show him you're not sincere enough so there's these things of growth constantly in the believer so so I was again in a similar situation unconsciously in some ways um so I want to say a little bit of my history and she know, you know, talked about the man who um told me about the message and he was had been a minister. He had known brother Brandham, you know, as ministers. The Lord even told him it was Elijah. But yet he didn't know the depth of what it was that brother Brandham was until after he retired. And he wrote to brother Billy Paul in the 1980s, "Hey, is there anything left from your dad's ministry?" He got a whole bunch of books. And anyway, all that started. So the Lord had me in his care in the beginning and we were in prayer meetings and he was sort of a mentor and he was about 73 or 75 in 1986 85 86 somewhere in there. And so when this uh Bible study broke up, then he uh said, "Hey, there's a church in Fort Wayne." Cuz he knew I needed to go somewhere. So we went down there together, he took me uh down there and this this was brother Tommy Dillard's church. And so an interesting thing, the brother that uh that had been the minister in Assembly of God for 30 years, he actually had pioneered that church that brother Diller was now in. He had started an Assembly of God church there originally. And so it's almost like a baton handing off like brother um okay thank you. So um so anyway, I've always been in a seven thunder church from the very beginning and almost immediately um there was a something there that was in the air amongst all of us that was we are it you know it's our group we have it and they don't have it you know and almost unconsciously I don't recall people speaking it, but it was that way. And so going church to church here and there as things happened, I came out of that um and um you know all the things that happened in New York and everything, but I still thought of group of us and not them and we do it this way and you know I'm a dirtber you know and I'm thinking they don't do like me. they don't do like us. And it was a bad attitude. So we visited a church about 10 years ago and I was sitting there and looking back I was sort of sitting in the seat of the scornful and I was saying well they they don't they don't preach like us like I did anything. uh they don't do they're not I still had this group thing from my experience back with uh just the brethren that I was with and everything. Um there was just a lot of uh immature things and I was amongst that. And so I had a poor attitude when I walked into that church. And so, but the Lord began dealing with me and he said, um, one thing that happened was that brother Oid uh, invited brother Albert Green to preach uh, there at Hesone Tabernacle. And prior to that, again, it's childish things, right? But prior to that, the just the general thing was amongst people, if you didn't preach in our conventions, you're not it. And it's very childish. But so it's just like this weird thing of ministers must be one of us. Brother Albert Green preached and I was so blown away and I was like, "Oh my goodness." It's like suddenly the lights come on that God is sovereign and he can have anybody preach. He He can do whatever he wants to with anybody. And I was so blessed and I wrote brother over wow this is like an early Christmas present you know what a tremendous you know I said man what other who you know what else does God have out there in the bushes you know those you know ministers the rams and my thinking began to open up at that point and uh it became evident that um I told brother O says I'd realized then I still have this groups the group saying going on if they're not with us. They're not us. And the Lord totally blew that out of the water with brother Albert Green. And I was began to go free. So it was a process that was obviously some years ago in this church that I was speaking of setting in. And again to the brethren who may hear this, I I apologize. I had a bad No, I just I wasn't I wasn't cruel, rude or anything. It was still brothers, right? but interior things that were hid that the Lord revealing. Well, last year we went to a fellowship and I spoke to the man who had just re sort of stepped aside as elder because he's up in his 80s. He's like 87 now. And he I was thanking him. Thank you for letting my wife and I come. And they're always welcome. They never act like who are they or nothing. They had no heirs, nothing. Just brotherly love all the way. And I thanked him for letting us come and we're just 5 minutes and I began to tell him my testimony how that I began to pray and so forth and confess my sins and and I said everything went away. Uh the Lord took it all and he interrupted me and said that's a conversion. He said it doesn't happen have to happen in a church. Mine happened in a barn and we just had youth me. They had their youth meetings just prior to that. He said that's what these young people need. They need an encounter with God. And I tell you what, it is very, very difficult to describe what happened right then. I saw in that man's eyes uh a look that I still have a hard time not tearing up, the the depth of burden for the people, the the love of God in that man for them. And I had such an experience. I walked away from there and I I I knew that man was my brother. I knew I was going to see that man in glory and it was shaking and I was just completely changed by five minutes with that dear brother and I was really so much changed. I said, "What was that? What was that? This is stunning." And um then here we go. Got a few minutes. Brother Olu. Then after that, brother uh Ol put on the tape of Brother Olu, the unity of the spirit. And and he began to talk about unity of spirit leading to the unity of the faith. And I had that quote here somewhere. Nope. I think I must have deleted it. But brother Brandon talks about it. Oh, here it is. Bless every organization in the valley. Brother Bham, all the blessed people, the ministers, the pastors of different denominations. Maybe we might disagree upon some theological teachings of the scripture. But father, all in one principle, we believe in God, the eternal one. So help us, Lord, to have the unity of the spirit until the unity of the faith is brought. And uh you know, the words it blew my mind. I was like, "Oh my goodness, unity of the spirit." So I said, "That must have been what happened between me and this dear pastor." Because in my thought, well, we weren't exactly the same and some things we believe maybe, but that man was my brother. And it it struck me so hard when brother Olu preached that. And I was I was shocked just after this experience with the brother. Brother Olu preached this and that message from Brother Olu. There's it's one of those that I did not walk away the same man. And uh I listened to it just recently. It's just so stunning. And I saw though because he's saying we need to deal with this this unity of the spirit thing. It must be dealt with. And I was thinking there will be with every revival there's twins because union of the spirit is capital S spirit. And then there are uh people will say, "Oh, wow. We really should love each other, you know, in the natural." And so it's going to be that group and it's going to be real unity of the spirit cuz I I could just see it. People going to hear this and they're going to criticize or they're going to go the other way in the natural side or they're going to say in the with the Holy Spirit. My goodness. So either way, he also talked about seven thunder under you know he said the seven thunders gather the bride together. He said what does that produce but clicks you know and I said wow that's right because we're thinking group and I suddenly saw the seventh um um you know gathered the group together um was the body of Christ. It wasn't a specific group of people in a specific church. So it was a big big change. So then I'm getting ready to wrap it up. Brother O here real quick. So the other last May 30th I think it was I we had prayer meeting. Brother Oid uh I had I had to miss it because I had to take an important phone call from a loved one that was uh had some struggling. And anyway, so I was listening to it later. I was coming out of work. I had on my special little headset and I'm just listening to brother Oid read this quote and I remember I was pulling out of my workplace into the street and he's talking about the church is fighting. Brother Brandham is and calling one another bad names and everything. And I'm driving along. He says they don't even have respect for one another. They haven't even got they haven't got any decency for each other. And I heard decency and I was arrested on the street driving and like I was like what? What did he say? And just decency just boomed and I said I got to ask brother O for the notes. So I wrote brother O. He gave me the notes and he's talking about uh churches that don't have no love. They're fussing at one another. You're oneness. We're threesess. You're this. You're that. I belong to the assemblies. Forgive me all my brethren. I belong to the thunders. That's what I used to say. You know, you're not me. You're, you know, calling one another. Bad name, other bad name. And the world turns around and says, "What's the matter with them people? Both of them speaking in tongues. They're in church. Everything. This one over here at this church, they don't even respect one another. They haven't got any decency for each other. And something struck me and I said, "Yeah, so holy decency has more to do, it also has to do with teaching your bre treating your brethren with respect and decency, no matter what they believe." And not just, you know, decency, how we dress her up here. And I tell you, that turned over and over and over in me. And I was stunned because we've all heard the quote, "When the church finds its holy decency, brotherly love, place in Christ." So then we were invited to more meetings back to this church. I was there as a person who believes the thunders, right? I'm always on guard because there's a lot of bad behaviors in the thunders as everyone knows um because twins and revival, right? And so I was always on guard. But I sat there in those meetings and we were two two two different brothers were preaching and I said, 'You know, the Lord wants me to have respect and decency toward these brethren. And man, I went boom free like that. And I was totally relaxed. I tell you, I the brothers, they they really blew my mind. I tell you, they were just stunning. some of uh the best this one brother he's older about 70 he preached on the effects of praise in a Christian life and he's kind of like brother um um brother Chandler in the sense that he had scriptures and it was so powerful because everything he's saying he's got a scripture flashing behind it and so anyway long story short it was just a tremendous time so I was think of saying and finishing here Paul said, "When I was a child, I thank as a child. I thought as a child, but when I become a man, I pulled off childish things." And that's the last of my thing here is a testimony of I am so grateful that the Lord allowed me to put off this childish thing of viewing other brethren a wrong way. Um, you know, u different group or whatever. Um, it's been a completely different ride. I'll get an opportunity to talk to them soon, these brethren, and explain to them maybe face to say, face the Lord allows and say how much I love them. And I tell you, they are so precious and they really are, and I'm grateful to be free from this thing. Anyway, God bless you. I'm going to stop here, but thank you so much for allowing me to share a little bit. I'm very, very grateful. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother Kelly. uh brother out. We appreciate what you share tonight and I trust it will be edifying to all of those who in this room tonight. Let's bow a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your son, your servant father and I pray that you visit him with testimonies, with inspiration, with revelation, and you bless and strengthen him and his family. Bring a total deliverance for every case that is around him that he's burdened for. Grant it, Lord. Bless the believers here. Bless his service this coming Sunday, Lord. May it be an explosion of your presence in the power and your love and the meetings coming up Lord. Father God, may you visit us in a special way. All who would attend, all who will connect life, all who would be dear, Father, be with us in a special way and poor to richest blessing. The bride is the sickest body the prophet spoke of. And we need help. We need your help. We need your supernatural in intervention. Lord, bless your people this evening and and get them full strength in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. God bless you again. Thanks for being here. God bless you. We are closed.
