################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Every True Revelation Will Be Vindicated - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Every True Revelation Will Be Vindicated - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06DVkuUSjlI
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Let's go. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wow. Yes. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, please. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Come on. [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Six steps away. [Music] to be around. [Music] [Music] against the Lord who no one can. No one will. Who can stand against against the king? Oh, no one can. No one will. [Music] Oh. Oh. [Music] Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh. Oh. Lift your hands and sing. Singing. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. One more time. Oh. [Music] Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh, [Music] [Laughter] singing. Oh. Oh. Victory belongs to Jesus. Victory belongs to him. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, victory belongs. Victory belongs. Oh, somebody shout his name. Shout the victory. Thank God for the victory. Thank God for his presence. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Are you happy to be alive this morning? Are you happy to be in his presence? Are you happy to be in his hands this morning? We'd like to welcome you all in a special way to the house of God. Let us turn to our Bibles uh to read a portion of scripture from Psalms. Psalms. We want to read from Psalms 100. A psalm of praise. Amen. Brother one second. Amen. Psalms 100 from 1 to 5. Amen. [Music] Amen. From verse one, it says, "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness. Come before his presence with singing. Know ye that the Lord, he is God, and it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture. Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise. Be thankful unto him and bless his name. For the Lord is good, his mercy is everlasting, and his truth endureth to all generations. May God have blessing through the reading of his word. Are you here to make a joyful noise this morning? You're here to praise him, to give him glory. Let's lift our hands now and just worship him all over. Just thank him in your own way. Thank him for every mountain. Thank him for every valley. Thank him for every river he's brought you through. You know, it was not for him, you would not have made it. But his hand was strong in the battle. His hand was strong against the enemy. And you are here this morning by the grace of almighty God. And nothing else, not your money, not your power, not your education, nothing brought you through but the mighty hand of God. Give him praise this morning for his goodness and his mercy. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Yes. Yes. Oh, Satan lose. Yes. Satan lose this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let us pray together. Almighty God, we thank you this morning, Lord. We come into your house with hearts of praise, Lord, and thankfulness, Lord, for you, for what you've done for us, Lord. Father, you've brought us out of darkness into your marvelous light. Lord, Lord, you've done it by your sword, by your angel, by your power, leading us in the way, Lord, lest we dash our foot against a stone. How great you are, Lord. How good you are to us this morning. And we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. We give you the highest praise today. We make room this for you this morning. be enthroned this morning, Lord, with our praises, Lord, and may your presence take a hold of this place. We pray that you have your way in the service. Bless each one as they come into the sanctuary this morning. Bless those that would enter in, Lord, as they come, Lord. May anointing be with them. bless us and give us hearts of expectation, Lord, as we we we release our expectation in the house of God, by faith, knowing that you will meet our every need, Lord. Lord, we pray that you touch your minister this morning that Lord, you would give him the words to speak, Lord, Father, that would help us today to lift us up, Lord, and to uh build us up in in the most holy faith. Lord, we just surrender it all to you now today, Father. We give this this day of praise over to you this morning. We pray that you would have your way in each and every heart, Lord. And may your word be fulfilled and manifested, Lord. We uh pray these things in your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Dear believer this morning, hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. It's good to praise him. Amen. Glory. Why don't you turn around, greet your brother, turn around, just greet someone next to you. Shake someone's hand. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. God is so good. [Music] Oh, God is so good. Oh God is so good. He is so good to me. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, singing God is [Music] good. Oh, our God is so good. Oh, he is so good to me. I love him so singing it. I love Oh, hallelujah. I love him so. Oh, and I love him so for he is so good to me. Oh, God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Oh, yes. God is so God. Oh God, oh he is so good. Oh yes, he is so good to me. God answers prayer. Lift your hand and sing. God [Music] answers. Oh, God answers prayer. Oh yes, God answers prayer. Oh, he is so good. Oh, to me now. Give him praise right now in your own way. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Oh, you've been so good to us. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Lord has been good to me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he put my foot upon a rock. He established my goings. Oh, hallelujah. Where would where could I go? Oh, but to the Lord this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Let's praise his name. Oh, and let's let's just praise his name. Oh, let's praise his name. Oh, at last praise his name for he is so good to me. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory, glory, glory, glory. Thank you Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, let's praise him this morning and sing a song. Messiah is the King of Kings and Messiah is the Lord of Lords. Are you here to make his praise glorious this morning? Oh, let's sing it. Messiah is the King of Kings. And Messiah is the Lord of Lords. Oh, sing it. Messiah is the King of Kings. Oh, and Messiah is the Lord of lords. Oh, he is the king. And he is the Lord of lords. Oh, Messiah is the king and Messiah is the Lord. Oh, singing. Messiah is the King of Kings. Oh, and Messiah is the Lord. Oh, singing Messiah. Oh, and Messiah is the Lord. Oh, he is the king. Oh, up and he's the Lord. Oh, I'm Lord. Oh, Messiah is the king. Oh, and Messiah. Oh, I'm singing. Messiah is the king of kings. Oh, declare it this morning. Oh, let me hear say, "Oh, Messiah is the king and Messiah is the Lord." Oh, he is the king. Oh, he is the Lord. Oh, Messiah. Messiah is the King. Oh, and Messiah is the Lord. One more time. Well, Messiah is the King. Oh, and Messiah is the Lord. Oh, singing. Messiah is the King of Kings and Messiah is the Lord. He is the King. Oh kings and he is the Lord of lords. Oh Messiah is the king. Oh our Messiah is the Lord. Oh now and the redeemed. Oh and gathering. Oh and I wash like snow long and free from all sin. How we will shout well. How we will shout and how we will sing. Yes, we will when the redeemed. Oh, oh, our gathering. Oh, sing. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high. When when the redeemed are gathering. Oh, how we raise that heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed, oh, I gather. Oh, this morning when the redeemed, oh, I can wash like snow, Lord. Oh, Lord. And free from all sin. How we will shout. Well, how we will shout. Oh, and how? Oh yes, I will. When the redeemed, oh, I gather in it. Saints will sing. Oh, saints will sing. Redemption story with their voices clear and strong. Oh, and the redeemed, oh, are gathering in. Oh, and then the angels all will listen for they cannot sing that song. When the redeemed, oh God, oh when the redeemed, oh when the redeemed, oh are gathered and they wash like snow, Lord, and free from all sin. Yeah. Oh, how we will shout. Oh, how we will shout. Oh, I'm out. Oh, yes, I will. When redeemed. Oh, I got give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, I've been redeemed. Hallelujah. Glory. By the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise. Lift your hands. Open your mouths. Give him a shout. Tell him I redeemed. Oh, I glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Things are under the blood. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed. Come on, help me sing. Oh, by the blood of the lamb, I've been redeemed. Oh Lord, by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Save and sanctified I am. And all of my sins are under the blood. I've been Oh, I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed. Oh Lord, I've been redeemed. Yeah, I've been redeemed, Lord. Oh, I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, save and sanctified. Oh, and all my sins are under. Oh, I've been Oh, and Satan's mad this morning. Hallelujah. Satan's mad, but I'm so glad. Oh, but I'm so glad. Oh, hallelujah. Satan's mad. Oh, yes. But I'm so glad. Oh, Satan's mad. But I'm so glad cuz he lost the Satan's the party. Oh, I've been Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh yes, Lord. I've been redeemed. Oh, let me shout. Let my God. Oh, I was created to worship this morning. I was created to shout, to smile, to celebrate. Throw your shoulders back. Put your foot on a rock and give your God a shout of praise this morning. He deserves all the glory. He deserves all the honor. He deserves all the praise. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified. I am well. And all of my sin are under the blood. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, lift your hands. Lift your voices. Give him praise this morning. How many love him this morning? How many know who you worship? How many know why you're worshiping? Tears of revelation streaming down your face. He did it. You couldn't save yourself, but he saved you. You couldn't redeem yourself, but he redeemed you. And he's going to heal you. And he's going to fill you with the Holy Ghost. And he's going to heal you and seal you into the kingdom of God. Somebody help me praise him this morning. Somebody help me give him glory today. Oh hallelujah. Teach me Lord to wait [Music] down on my knees till in your own cut time. Oh, you would answer my please. Oh, teach me not to rely, oh, on what others do, but to wait, but to wait. Let me hear you sing. Wait in prayer for an answer. For an answer this morning. Oh, they that way will upon. Close your eyes and lift your head to sing this song. Shall renew that. Do you need strength this morning? They shall round up. Hallelujah. With wings. Yes, Lord. As an eagle. Oh, they shall rise and not be well. Oh, they shall walk and not faint. Well, teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord, to wait. Come, take it up. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, come take it up. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, teach me, Lord, to wait. Oh, while hearts are a flame, help me humble my pride. I call on your name as I call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my faith renew. Keep my eyes on thee. Keep my eyes. Hallelujah. Help me be on this earth. Help me beyond desert. What you want me to be? What you want me to? They that wait, oh they that wait, oh upon the Lord, oh shall renew [Music] their strength. Oh yes, they shall mount up with wings as an eagle. Oh, they shall run not be weary. Oh, they shall walk and not pain. Oh, teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to wait. Now give him praise while the music plays this morning. I'm here to wait on you, Lord. Wait on his promise. Wait on his presence this morning. Wait on his goodness. Wait on his mercy. He is faithful this morning if you wait on him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh do wait in prayer. Hope for an answer for you. They that wait for the Lord shall renew their strength. He shall bow down when as he goes. They shall run and not be weary. They shall run. They shall walk in nothing. Oh Lord, teach me Lord. Teach me, Lord. One more time. that wait upon the Lord. Hallelujah. For they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up. Hallelujah. has gone. Oh, they shall and not be weary. Oh, they shall walk and not be weary. They shall walk and th keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on this faith what you want me to be. Oh, he that wait my Lord, my Lord, hallelujah, shall renew, hallelujah, shall renew. shall melt things as and he goes they shall walk and not be weary. Hallelujah. Run and not f my Lord. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to me. Father, we thank you this morning. We thank you for your presence. We worship you, Father. We glorify your wonderful name. Have your own way in our midst. In Jesus name, I ask. Let's bow our heads with a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your divine presence and the uncction that you've released among us tonight. That Lord, you could have the preeminence. We invite you to have the oversight and lead us and guide us as we wait upon you and look to you. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Uh before you take a seat, I'd like you to turn your Bibles to three portion of scripture. Genesis chapter 1, we want to read verse 26 and 27. John chapter 17 8-11 and Revelation 10 1-4. Read in Genesis 1 verse 26. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, after all likeness. Let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over the cattle, over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him, male and female created he them. From St. John chapter 17, Jesus speaks from verse eight. For I have given unto them the words which thou givest me, and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou did sent me. I pray for them. I pray not for the world, but for them which thou has given me, for they are dine, and all mine are dine, and thine are mine, and I am glorified in them. And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world. I come to thee, holy father, keep through thy own name those whom thou has given me that they may be one as we are. I read from Revelation 10:1. It reads, I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothe a cloud, a rainbow upon his head, his face as the word is sun, his feet as spilled as a fire. He had in his hand a little book open. He set his right foot upon the sea, his left foot upon the earth, cry with a loud voice as when the land roared. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the seven thunders uttered their voices, I was about to write and I heard a voice from heaven saying to me, seed up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for your word. Any man could read scriptures, but it take the Holy Spirit to come and breathe life into it and most importantly to bring life to the people. We are such a needy people this morning. We are dependent upon you. We are looking to you. Come father even come in our midst. You promised Lord that you would slipping him moving in and out. May you move in tonight. Move in today. In Jesus name may we ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. God bless you and welcome to you. Come father even come in our midst. You promised Lord that you would slip in him moving in and out. May you move in tonight. Move in today. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. God bless you and welcome praises and prayer request the Lord will do this morning. Brother Brown, he's talking about the scripture by saying unto you, Elas has come already and he knew him not but have done unto him what they listed. The reason John Elijah was called Elijah was because the spirit that was upon Elijah had come upon John even as that spirit had come back upon Elijah. So God have a certain anointing that he could transfer from man to man. Are you are you getting me now? So yes, so watch that spirit come up Elisha after the reign of Kinghab. Now once again, that spirit will come upon another man just before Jesus comes. He will be a prophet. He will be vindicated as such by God. Since Jesus himself in the flesh won't be here yet to vindicate him as he did John, it will be done by the Holy Spirit. So that this prophet's ministry will be attended by great and wonderful manifestation. As a prophet, every revelation will be vindicated. For every revelation will come to pass. Wonderful acts of power will be performed at his command in faith. Then will be brought forth the message that God has given him in the word to turn the people back to the truth. Amen. and the true power of God. Some would listen, but the majority will run true to form and reject him. So this end time messenger is to bring a message. Before that message, he's to be vindicated with signs, wonders, and miracles. Amen. But the message is the word. The message comes from the word. And the message is to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers because they who are the fathers had the original faith. So we are going and pick up the faith that they had in order to go forward. So tonight I have a title. Every true revelation will be vindicated. Amen. That's the title I have this morning. Every true revelation will be vindicated. Now Wednesday night we shared some things in Ailia to bring back some things on Wednesday night. And the prophet was talking about is something when the Lord Jesus come and do something. Everybody wants to testify. Everybody wants to say something. You can have a revival at your church. Your pastor can speak a marvelous message that and and and and but when something take place. So we're not talking about speaking now or sharing the word now or exhorting or teaching or revealing. We're not speaking about that. We're talking about when something takes place something in the neighborhood. Someone was healed. The neighbors get together and talk about it. How marvelous. Were you there? You should have seen it. It was the most outstanding thing. There is something about the works of God that thrills the heart of man more than anything else that happened. So it's good to hear the word and whatn not. But when God start to work, when God start to perform, when God start to do, that's a different thing all together. It's not you walking in and walking out and walking in and walking out. No, this is God Almighty coming down and doing works among us. Isn't that right? It's just an unforgettable experience when we come in contact with the Lord Jesus and see the things that he does. is so great and marvelous. Now we have witnessed one of the greatest revivals I believe that the world has ever seen in the last 10-15 years. It's been a worldwide revival sweeping around the world. Great healing services, great revivals, fire burnt on practically every hill. Right now in Africa, China, Japan, the gospel being preached. That's his time talking about. Then he said these words here. Now in the last few years, it is quiet down. You don't notice the enthusiasm in the people that used to be. I remember having the privilege, here we go, by the Holy Spirit to spearhead that revival that started when that angel of the Lord appeared on the river and said about many years ago and see it happen and see it set minister's heart on fire. So experience generate other experiences. Experience that actually generate a fire. It is contagious. It is effective. It is energizing. Something has happened and my life has been changed. Isn't that right? He said, "Listeners, why?" You could simply walk into a building and the people just get out of their cuts and stretches and walk away healed. You didn't even have to say one word. It was just there. It had just taken place. Walk into their building. The anointing filled the whole camp. People blind seeing, deaf hearing, dumb speaking, not a word spoken, just the spirit present. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Now we going deeper. I remember one night in Vanelia, Illinois. I walked into the meeting and had no more been there in the meeting over 5 minutes and there wasn't a feeble person around the place anywhere. wheelchairs pushed out and piled up. Blind was seeing, deaf and dumb was speaking. It was simply the spirit of the Lord was present. Well, give the Lord some praises. It was simply the spirit of the Lord was present. No explanation needed, no information needed, no advertisement needed. You know when the spirit come upon you, you know when the spirit is present. You know when God confirming his word, God is a confirmer of his word. God vindicates his word. God manifest his word. He not only come in the learning of the word, but he manifest that word. God has put fire in the word. God will put fire upon you as you become the word. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Jesus was God mechanic and the father was the dynamics. Jesus was the word and the fire was the spirit in him. He said when you see me, you see the father. Well, give the Lord some praises and that same thing going to come back. Every true revelation will be vindicated. You glory of God. Jesus was the revelation of God. You will be a revelation of Jesus. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Give the Lord some praises tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I feel I'm talking to believers this morning. Hallelujah. I feel the church spirit is out. I feel that you're catching what we are saying. You have to make this your personal property. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. You're not sitting this thing. You're not dread chewing gum. This is belongs to you. Take the book and eat the book. Give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] The reason the church fell is because they take the anointing of the people and put it on a man. The man become to and conquer the leoty and instead of God being the god of the audience, they put it on a man. Eventually, that man become a pope. In other words, the spirit of man begin to rule over the church. Whereas before the pillar of fire was ruling the church. Men will went when the the spirit lead them. It let Peter, it led Paul, it led Andrew. It led this one. It have to lead you. As many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. There's not joining church. This has been led by the spirit. God led you to be here this morning. We're going to shout in the house. You can be home. You can go anywhere you want to go. But God led you to be here this morning. And if God led you here, there's a message here for you. There is a word for you. There's a prophecy for you. [Applause] Catch this. This morning have churches all over around the world, ministers preaching, sharing the word and whatnot. But understand this. When God begin to speak, I'm not talking about man exalted. Now, that is God speaking. You know whether the people ready for it or not, whether they understand it or not, that is God speaking. You know, God bought a 20th century prophet and spoke to that man. He was rejected. But that didn't cancel what God said. God word can't lie. He said, "My word shall return to me void." Anytime the word go out his mouth, it's circling, hanging. It's looking to fulfillment. It's looking for confirmation. It's looking for a vindication. The same God that said a virgin shall conceive, it was looking for Mary for 400 years. 400 years that word is spinning all around the world looking for that body, looking for that woman. And I am telling you there is a word looking for you. Oh dear Lord, I shout you yourself will be a vindication of what God said. He shall turn the house of the children back to the faith of the fathers. You are one of them children that God come for in this hour. You are one of them sons that God come for. You can't miss it for nothing. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] You say you walk into the meeting in 5 minutes. Wasn't a feeble person around anywhere. Wheelchairs pulled out, piled up, blind was seeing, deaf dumb speaking. The spirit of the Lord was present and he just healed the whole group of them. Now, now listen. Now, that is when you can do something. When revival is going, that is when you could do something. But let that revival fire die down. The people are still Christians, but they're not revived into that spirit, that great atmosphere that does something. So, you have a choice this morning. Amen. You could come to sit down to hear what the preacher going to say or what is the new thought or the message or the title or whatever it is. You could come here and you could come on expectation for God to do something for you. Whether to heal you, deliver you, free you, forgive you, cleanse you, baptize you, restore you. It doesn't matter what it is. Help you, strengthen you, encourage you. It doesn't matter. But you have to have an expectation. And then God could come and meet your expectation and move that man to say what you need to hear. Move that man for to reveal what you need to know. How you be have to act. How you have to live. Is that the man speaking? Is God speaking? Ministering spirits dropping down. Giving the man uncction to function to speak to express the word. The word coming up with power because the man under a fire. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. And God begin to energize you right in your seat. God begin to charge your faith. Then you feel encouraged. Then you feel boosted. Then you come out your depression mode, your frustration mode, your negative mode, your unbelief mode. You can't make it mode. You go backside mode. You come out all of that. [Applause] [Music] The people are still Christians, but they they are not revived into that spirit. And I'm saying that spirit is that great atmosphere that does something. Hallelujah. Like a forge in a blacksmith shop. You got to get the iron hot before you go to pound it in the anvil. You got to put the iron there and pound it to burn it. Pong. Then it pong it. It ping nowhere. When you put fire on it, start to glow. Not not not not a hot anvil, you know. You see it's glowing. And when it's glowing, so bang bang. You could burn it when the fire is on it. The Bible said you're hot or cold. But this lukewarm thing can't work. This partial praising, that's partial. Amen. That partial attitude that can't work. It's either you're hot. If I know your heart, your heart, you're on fire. If you call, you're dead. We going to bury you. But this lukewarm thing ain't good at all. That's the church member spirit. Reject it. Hate it. Amen. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Let me say it again. Good. He said, "I rather you're hot or you're cold." [Applause] If you're hot, you could tell your friends about Jesus. If you're hot, you could tell your friends about your enemies about Jesus. If you're hot, you could dress right and talk right and act right because you're hot. You're on fire for God. You ever see a Muslim walk in the street on the hottest day in Trinidad? They all black up to here. Black, black, black, black. The socks black, the foot black, the whole wearing black. They said brother with his son because they believe what they believe or they acting up what they believe. What about the Christian? When they going to act up what you believe? They believe what they believe. What do you believe? Who are you? Okay. The Lord I shout in the house. You a lukewarm member. You're a church member. Who are you? You're a cushion. A little stick is spinning you. Who are you? Or you are soldier of the cross by faith Enoch. By faith Abraham. By faith Joshua. By faith Samson. By faith Moses. Give the Lord a shout. Shout out by faith. Shouted by faith. By faith. Shout out by faith. By faith. You have to praise by faith. Stand by faith. Worship by faith. Believe by faith. Walk by faith. The just shall live by faith. [Music] You talk to Mr. son Isaac. He said, "Daddy, I can't afford to be depressed." I like that. You can't afford That's too expensive. Depression is too costly. I can't afford to be depressed. I can't afford to give up and be fed up. I can't stand it no more. And this Christian thing and you want to do your own thing, go and do your own thing. God called Abraham. He bring his family along. Lot, he didn't have to do it. Say, "Son, God bless him. Come, come, come." Lot came out. The blessing was so much on Abraham, it fell on Lot. Fell on Lot family. on his horses, on his cattle, and everything else. They begin to prosper until they start to fight with Abraham. People [Music] imagine you get so blessed he had to fight. It's terrible. That's too much of blessing. Abraham, son of God, elected, called. He said, "Lot, this is not Christianity going on here now between our two sides. Go left, go right, choose." Abraham didn't say God called me. You know not know some people like that. It's me God called you know. You know how you get blessed. I want to let you know. Let me give me a testimony. Abraham wasn't in that power mode and that oneup mode and that boasting pride mode. He was in that. You know he said let you choose pick. Let we are brethren. No need to be in this stupid church fight. It have a lot of Secondary consequences of church wars. People has die. People's backslide. People has give up. Lot look with his eyes. Look around. You see desert. So desert. So when you see Sodom, so you say, "Oo, look at the coconut trees. It's like a beach down there, boy. I could put a nice barbecue pit. The tend to watch salam. We end up in Sodom. So wherever you're leaning, that's where you'll fall. Wherever you're pitching your tent, that is where you're heading. You know me, pardon my brethren. I ain't going to party. You ain't going to party yet. But you're leaning. He end up in Sodom. His family is there. His wife is there. His children is there. He have son-in-law and daughter-in-law and every law is inside of there. And I could imagine that day they say tomorrow we going and collect pay going to the bank. Some going to a new job some fixing to tie and polishing the fixing to here for the interview. There have no fire going on judge. Because Jesus said they eat, they drank, they build it, they sold normal living. But in the supernatural realm something was taking place. So don't put your head in the sand like if nothing take place. You're idiot. You're a fool. You looking and see what's happening. You see a prophet stand up and said one day they going to take a man from America and put him in the Vatican. You see that fly across there like if it's nothing that's not nothing you know that's a vindication of what that prophet said. You know every true revelation will be vindicated. That was since the 50s. He talk about that and you watching and you're staring as if this message doesn't have the power that it's supposed to have. Amen. We are here under prophecy. You are here under prophecy. Amen. This church is here under prophecy. Oh, the Lord I shall feel fire and all that. [Music] When the angel came to get out Lot and to show you Abraham right spirit, the angel came to Abraham first. Shall I hide from Abraham what about to do? I'm going to judge this place. And Abraham had to beg if there's 50 righteous. He said no. 40 30 20 it didn't have 20 it didn't add 10 God said I had to go down and get him out he dispass angel they not your cousin aunt tant or some principal or some executive or some CEO coming out angels came to them and them filthy sodomites in Sodom wanted to go with the angels they banging the door lot offer them his daughters. They don't want that. They want angels. Angels smite them blind and they still fighting to get in. And the word to Lot and his family was keep walking. I know you failed God. I know you was backing. I know you did that and the other, but this time just keep walking. Just one word. Don't look back. Don't look back. And when Jesus was preaching, that's the only thing he referred to. Remember Lot's wife. Don't look back. You come too far to turn back now. You come too far to let go now. You come too far to let some boy throw you off, some man throw you off, some woman throw you off. You come too far to turn back now. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Jesus said, "Remember lost wife." They walking. They walking and they can't look back. Abraham in front. Lot in front rather. Wife was behind, daughter behind. She wanted one last look. You know, I seen a dress in the magazine. But gosh, a big slit in it with some frame. By the way, I see a vagrant the other day with the cutter pants. Me, I see a vigant. I see them vigorant was looking at say but all like is we No it's true you laughing it's true I saw a vagrant and the vegan was in style or put this way the people stand the vagrant because the vegan ped in that a long time when that woman turned into salt nobody could look back in mommy gone keep walking you know if you if you on the fields mother you turn like a dead you know salt for you you know man gone lot can't even look back to help his wife are you there and when there's no answer she gone you know what what what what killed her heart what was in her heart you know what what survived with with lot with Joshua and kale he I brought word as it was in my heart you have to know what in your heart you have to know what in your heart do you know what's in your heart. Some people don't know what's in your heart. You know, is the test and the trial and the tribulation is what brings out what's inside your heart. Let me continue. Oh, praise God. That was a whole thing by itself. Give the Lord some praises this morning. We are in the word now. So many people are trying to explain the mechanics when you don't know it. I'm not a mechanic, but a punch is he know a lot of stuff. Engine, carb, all kind. All I want to know is the car could start. When the car going bad, I drop it by him. I don't ask him you you push this, how how much pliers you use, how much screws you use, use that jack, you use a this. I don't ask no questions or no. Is when he finish, he call me it done. I just want to tumble. That's all. I want to be an engine tumbler. [Music] Not an engine inspector. Hey, you spark plug. You put that there and I watching. I'm not a mechanic. That is foolishness. Leave that for the mechanics. So what the prophet said, you don't have to know the mechanics. Just know the dynamics. The thing that pulsated when they asked to see Jesus, they said not have him explained. He said today with great intellectual messages we can explain it till you can see the picture. That's not what we are looking for tonight. We are not looking for the mechanics. We are looking for the dynamics of it. We don't need somebody to explain it more taking 10 hours to explain it more for us. We need to see the dynamics. We want to see Jesus, right? We find out we don't find him in fine lecturers. We There are some people who can stand up and can explain the word in such a way it is breathtaking. But it's still just a lecture. Just a lecture. It's a mechanics. We find entertainers who can go through the actions, but it still isn't it. We are looking for the person of Jesus Christ. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Quicken. He said, "There's the gate of worship. Worshiing in spirit and in truth, mechanics and dynamics together." So I want to I don't know if I emphasized this on Wednesday night, but this I want to get to. Spirit and truth, mechanics and dynamics together. So this is a guarantee that dynamics will pour out because this is the only way we could have the correct worship that God wants in spirit and in truth in mechanics and dynamics. William Brandon brought the mechanics. He had the dynamics. The dynamics would open the seals and reveal all the mysteries. But there's a dynamics to come to the power as as Joel said, it shall come to pass afterwards. I not man will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Young men shall see visions. Old men shall dream dreams. Young men shall dream visions. And upon my handmaidaidens I will pour out my spirit. And that word handmaidaidens is you he talking about. Oh, give the Lord some shouts in the house. It's you. He talking about. Give the Lord some praises. So you are under prophecy of this dynamic outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Don't let nobody take it out of your heart. Don't let nobody take it out of your mind. Don't let nobody cancel that expectation of this dynamic power. Wait till them seven thunders alter their voices to that group who can take the word and hand it there. Oh, give the Lord a shout. They will slice and cut. They could shut the heavens. They could do whatever they want to do because it's the word of God coming forth from the mouth of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right, let's go. Hallelujah. All right, let's start. Hallelujah. When God gives a revelation, that revelation is to produce a manifestation. Abraham's revelation of a son in his old age produced Isaac. He went through the reproach. He went through the embarrassment or people say he's a old man. The doctors tell him don't come again. I don't know the story. Anybody mocking him and laughing in a village 25 years but it produced what God said it was vindicated. Isn't that right? Noah's revelation of building the ark on dry land produced the rain the flood to save Noah and his house. Peter's revelation of his sunship produced silver and gold have I none but such as I have I give it unto thee rise up and walked and the man walked isn't that right and the seventh under revelation is given to bring forth a seventh revival or a seventh manifestation that is the purpose of it not to say I have revelation and you don't That's not the purpose to argue and to debate and to fuss. But what it is is to do is to produce a manifestation. That's why he said what we see should make a church that would make a revival that they will say the seven thunders is being manifested. It will be manifested. It will be vindicated because every true revelation will be vindicated. Give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. Hear it Trinidad. Hallelujah. Every true revelation will be vindicated because God can't lie. God is not a man that would lie. If God said we haven't revival yet, he will send it. He promised it. Maybe this morning, I don't know, but he promised it. He will send it. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, glory to God. Send it. Yes. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. John the Baptist was God revelation in the earth. Amen. To introduce Messiah. When John come, he shake up the whole place. He said repent like a wild man for the kingdom of God is and they start to come down. Conviction start to take them but black man. And they start to baptize them. He said bring forth fruit me to repentance. You know, yes, I bring in Kentucky fried chicken for you, you know, and a nice drink after that. You know, he wasn't telling that, you know, he said the access to the root. Could imagine getting baptized access to the root. Hallelujah. G you just come and get you going now a wet s a dry sinner and come a wet one. Same sinner. No, he said change your attitude. Change your mindset. Change your ways. Then one day John said there was one standing among you. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. All right. Hundreds of years they prophesy about Messiah coming. And all of a sudden, John was inspired. He said there was one. He had to be here. I was sent to introduce him. My revelation is to forun the coming of the Messiah. So if I'm here now, he had to be here too. He said there is one standing among you. And Jesus just listening because Jesus can move before time. He had to be led by the spirit. John is preaching but he's looking. John is preaching but he's under an expectation. John is preaching but you know he's going to come into a manifestation. John is preaching but you know what he's preaching will be vindicated. John is under great expectation. And one day with the line of people getting to get baptized. Here come Jesus. He is just one of them. Oh give the Lord a sh. I'm so glad that I can say oh glory to God. Jesus was one of them waiting to be baptized. He baptized this one. He baptized that one. He baptized the other one and here come Jesus their eyes locked. The dove come and rest upon Jesus. But God told John the one that can see the dove resting upon that is the one. It have dove rest and take off because a wolf inside of there. It have dove rest and go out because of a tiger. Everything but a lamb inside of there. But when that dove rested upon Jesus, John knew that was the Messiah. This was the fulfillment of all the prophecy. He can say this day this scripture is fulfilled. Oh, and one of these days the revelation that God put in your heart, the revelation that God put in your soul, one of these days you will say this day. Hallelujah. Do you have a revelation? If not, ask God for one. Revelation has put you on expectation. Revelation is not information. A lot of people sitting in the message with information. That's why they are dead. They have no expectation because revelation is something revealed to you that you cannot explain. It's the substance of what you're hoping for. It's evidence of things not seen. I come here by faith this morning under great expectation for God to confirm and vindicate his word. That the backsliders will be restored. That the young men will get charged up. That the old people will get revived. Oh, glory to God. Take out your blues. Oh, glory. They got all them drunk people, half drunk people. Then I take me bar. That way all them sports bars keep be popping up everywhere. They start to drink and all the all they getting all this so thing and they talking to the men and they drinking and trying to drink away with the woes and the booze and all kind of thing. We not in that foolishness. We drinking something different. We drinking new wine this morning. We have stimulation of revelation. We have joy with it. Speak unspeakable full of glory. Give the Lord some praises. I knew I was different when I hear the eagle call. I am not a chicken. Hallelujah. I am not a chicken. I'm a eagle. I marry a eagle, too. Sister Angry is not a chicken. She's an eagle, too. This is two eagles. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. We not following man. We following God. We not believe in some man. We believe in God. Hallelujah. God holds our future. God hold your future. Do you know you are eagle? Why you fool around with chickens when you know you're eagle? [Applause] A revival produces four things. Number one, it win lost souls for Christ. Two, it revives the church into a spiritual condition to where you have close communion with God. Three, it brings fellowship among the churches. Four, pray for the sick. These four things what a revival produced. And this is where the prophet said it here. He said, "Now watch." So the great thing that we are after for any revival is to bring lost souls to Christ. First, revive the church back into a spiritual decision to where it should be a close communion with God. Bring fellowship among the churches. Third, fourth, pray for the sick. That's our aim to try to win sinners first, then fellowship to the churches. a close walk and with the church of God and then pray for the sick. Now when Adam lost his life, he lost his inheritance in life because he sold out to his wife's reasoning. He said he lost inheritance in life because he had completely he had completely supreme control of the earth. He was a god of the earth. God is a god of the universe everywhere. But his son had this earth under his control. He could speak, he could name, he could say, he could stop nature. He could do anything he wanted to. But when he did that, he lost his inheritance. Isn't that right? Adam could say, "Let the mountain be moved. It will do it. Let this tree be plucked up and plant over." He could do it because he had supreme control under God. The Bible said, "Let us make man in our image and likeness." That's the key there. Image and likeness. And let that man in that image and likeness. Let that man have dominion. Not a man out of my image. A man in my image. So once the image are restored, what's the image? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, charity. That image come back in the man. That's a man going to walk in dominion. That's a man that will speak. And you said when omnipotent speak, the miraculous take place. Are we going to get back that kind of man? Yes. God promised that. God promised sons of God to come back on the earth in the end time right in Satan's Eden. God, the devil went in God's Eden and turned things upside down. Now God waited for Satan Eden. He has some sons, some born sons, some anointed sons, some filled sons, some inspired sons. He going to have some adopted sons. Men are going to speak the word and will create itself just like that. God called man. God man on the earth. Oh, give the Lord a shout. When they walk, devils scatter. When they talk, demons scream. God called man. God empowered man, God inspired man. That's the kind of man that God is bringing back on the earth. No devil could stop it. Putin can't stop it. America can't stop it. No government could stop it. No press could stop it. Whatever bring we will deal with it. Oh give the Lord a shout. When Moses went to Pharaoh, which was the superpower at that time, Moses had one message. Let my people go. [Applause] Okay, let's go. My the first human being dysfellowship themselves from believing God by disbelieving his word and listening to the lie of the devil. The devil is a liar. How do we know? Every time he opened his mouth, So if you hearing something other than the word, is the devil talking to you? And if you had talk back to him and tell him where to get off, he will keep talking to you. He's a talker. Oh, he's a sweet talker. He is a sweet talker. When he came to Eve, Adam wasn't home and I was working because there was no man to tell the soil. Adam was telling some soil. Eve was home. She was supposed to be cooking. Knock knock knock on the door. Who is that? Serpent was not a snake. Handsome guy. Nice talk. You on Instagram. Send Eva text. Send Eva picture. Say your husband home. He not home. She say he's not home. Come back when he come. I'm not I'm not entertaining you. But he had a talk. You say what? What? What did God tell her? God talking to me. You know, I ain't hearing nothing from me. Then she said to say, but she she excited to testify. She said God said we get rid of all the trees. But she admits uh don't touch it. Now she didn't hear that herself. She get from her husband. So the husband will have the details of that. The husband had revelation of that. She only saying back what the husband say that God said if you touch a tree surely die. Oh, come on now. God, no. You shall not surely die. The reason God said that is because you won't be wise. The attraction was wisdom. The attraction was something you don't know. And I want to reveal it to you. Hallelujah. You talk about a sick devil. He said the minute that the church disbelieves any one word of God's Bible and places it somewhere else, then they break off that wonderful fellowship that is offered to them. God is obligated to meet you on the basis of them promises. Outside of them promises, he can't meet you. That's a big one. You know, in other words, that's why we here to preach you promises. Isn't that what Jesus did? Jesus tell them the same works I do shall you do also them fellas backing them fell all kind of creeps inside of there you know people go deny him or what not you know but he's not holding back the promises he said the same works I do shall you do also if you believe in me my word abide in you shall ask what you will it shall be given unto you he told him people that not converted yet if you shall say to the mountain be moved and don't talk in your heart you can have what you say he's not waiting for them to be ready he's telling them before they're ready oh the Lord I shout out. Come on, preach back to me. Somebody say amen. He wasn't waiting for them to be ready. He was telling them what they are to become. How much time you hear me preach? The devil is not afraid of you as you are. What the devil is afraid of is what you could become. To become in part is trouble. Hallelujah. To become in part is trouble. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see, God see you as a mighty warrior like Gideon. Gideon didn't see himself right. God said, "Oh, mighty man of valor." Gideon looking around. Who? Who? Who you talking to? Not me. Hallelujah. Because when Gard had to talk, he said, "I'm the least. I am the least. I am the least. I'm the least. I'm the least." God says, "You are talking about." Hallelujah. And God so bold. He said, "Put your name in it. Say the son of the Lord and of Gideon and and no spoil, you know. They just have a lamp and a picture and say break it and say those words. Could you imagine even have the kind of argumentative spirits have now? So wait where your sword with that picture and that light um how you moving. So we don't need that around here. We need people to obey. We need to please to follow through with what God said. He said, "Break the picture and say the s of the Lord in Gideon." When they did that, them fellas had to fight one another, cut one another and Gideon just went back and all the pizza he ordered, them brothers just sit down and share the slices of pizza to one another and they fighting and fighting one another. Ging know the Lord fought for them. Them fight one another. Do you understand what I'm saying? God want to give you rest, you know, but you have to fight. I love want rest, but you're lazy. I hope that don't offend nobody, but I'm coming again with it. You want rest, but you're lazy. You have to fight. And when you fight, then you could rest. Give the Lord some praises. I saying 60%. I will hit them again. You know, Joshua had a commission to do three things. Cross over, fight, and then divide the land. You cannot defy. You cannot divide no land when you have a peace. You understand I'm saying it? You You get land is yours. You you get so and you're pulling back easy because you want to take that spot right there. You're a looking to fight at all. As far as you're concerned, you want this bon for your family and you're just th little fencing around your thing. You're fighting for that. When you're sleeping on a tent, some some arrow come and hit you because the enemy still around. You get lick up. God even tell them little by little you go possess the land. You can't go and cut grass. You cut 10 acres of grass and you only could plant a lot and you're watching the grass grow back in front of your face. Because you taking land and you're feeling takish. Amen. You feel you want to possess what? Yes. But you have to manage what you possess. Possess, clean, maintain, plan, grow, add, and then continue like that little by little. You con come one lot, your two lots, three lots, you hit an acre, you're going to hit two acres, three acres, four acres, then afterwards 5 acres is nothing to you. You're looking for 20 acres, but you have the crops coming on and you're not wetting timari and old old old grass all around. You're not doing that. You have crops to wet. You have crops to water. Outside of them promises, he can't meet you because you don't cut yourself off from him. Hallelujah. That's right. That's the reason the world is falling apart. Now, as soon as Eve questioned that word, debt set in her mortal beings. Not only her mortal, but her spiritual being. She broke off relationship with God the minute she disbelieved. And then he made this statement. No man, no woman can believe the devil's lie until they have disbelieved God's truth. So sin really is unbelief. And people are finding out that they're not really believing what they think they believe. They see that with their mouth, but their heart saying something else. He said, "You cannot believe the devil's lie until you reject God's truth." So God truth is the issue facing you this morning. Amen. Husband, love your wife. That's the truth. That's the wife, subjective to your husband. Respect your husband. That's the truth. That's the word. You have to confront with that. Children, obey your parents. Respect your parents. You have to be confronted with that or you want to go in rebellion mode. Are you with me now? Seriously, think. Think seriously because we will never be able to think anymore after this. After this mortal life is over, your thinking is now. You cannot choose after this. You must choose now. This is the day of choosing. Eve one word, not a whole decal. One word. She questioned because God because it was presented to her in that light that the word was questionable. God's word cannot be questioned. He meant just what he says. He watches over his word. You say, "Well, my church don't believe it that way." Then you do not believe it's God's word. And you walk away under the same condemnation that Eve went away. Some people love the pastor. They love the church. They love the organization and their children. The Bible says so. They reject that. They believe their church. They believe the man behind the pulpit that talking lies to them. They believe that because when the word is presented, all of us have to be confronted with the word. I I was a Catholic. I was confronted with the word and I take throw that off and believe the word because the word is the word. The word is God. Are you with me? So watch now. Watch here this now. If God had a few words where people would obey and in them few words one of them was missing represented cause debt. Look at the words we got today. We must receive every one of them and hold onto them and enter into them as promises of God. What was the first thing that Eve to disbelieve God's word? It was because Satan promised her more wisdom. She thought here we go. Because it was presented to her, it looked so real. Don't fail to get this. It looks so real. Something that could be added to what God said. It looked like she have something that God hadn't told her. And a lot of these pastors and ministers want to bring revelation that is not in the Bible. That's not in the word. But the figure there that's something to show. And people say, "Woo, never see it." So don't go like that. You know, never see it. So you know what you want is what God said. What you want more than that is what God said on your behalf because you want to apply it to your life and to your family. Do you get it now? You don't want to be a hearer of the word only. You want to be a doer. But the word has to be made clear that you could know what you have to do. It must be more than information. It has to become a revelation. Oh, glory to God. Are you with me? Hallelujah. Simeon got a revelation. He will not see death and see the Lord's Christ. He's a old man. death buzzing all around him, the grim reaper waving his thing unto him and what not. But he know he have revelation. He cannot die until he see the Lord's Christ. The death angel can stop next to him. He can say, "Listen, you got to hold on. You know, you got to take your time in. You had to wait because I'm waiting for Messiah." Simeon knew Messiah to come to his house. Messiah had to come to the temple. So Simeon knew his business was to get yourself to the temple. Whether you walk with a cookst stick, whether somebody had to drag him and pull him, he had to get himself there because that is where Messiah going to come. Whoever have to be brought to be offered up one day. Simeon at the beginning of the temple there sitting down just hammering around. How many some Christian song all of a sudden Mary pass him with a baby other woman passing through, you know, there was a whole set of them passing through and when he when Mary passed him so the spirit come upon him. Hallelujah. He felt different. He knew different. He knew the spirit is upon him. Something move him. The Messiah is there now. Oh, glory now. Get the Lord some praises. The Messiah is there now. He passed this woman. He passed this baby. He passed this baby. What he's looking for? He looking for the witness because every true revelation must be vindicated. It was revealed to him that he will not see death and see the Lord Christ. He passed this church, pastor church, passes church. And when he reached Mary, he said, "Now Lord, thy Lord, let silver depart in peace, for my eyes have seen the glory. Oh glor," right in front of him, he held the manifestation. He held the confirmation. He held the vindication of the revelation that God gave him. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. And you must have a revelation in your heart that when you come to church, you're holding that Messiah. You're holding that promise. You're holding what God promised you. He promised to heal you. He promised to seal you. He promised to baptize you. He promised to restore you. He promised to amen revive you. And God can't lie. And you're under expectation. Oh God. Sometime you don't know how to pray. Sometime you don't know what to pray. But you know God something's in store for you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. The only way to stay in divine fellowship is to keep the word. Now I want you to think about this. This one word Eve broke because she did that made every hungry child that was ever in the world. Every pain of debt, every sorrow, every heartache, she did it right there. What a horrible thing to disbelieve God's word. Every person that groans in pains of every debt that ever was or ever will be, she did it right there. Every little unwed child, she did it right there. Every child born out of wedlock, every sin that was ever committed, she caused it right there by keeping every word right down just one little place. She reasoned. There's no better class of people in the world than those who keep God's word. Now, keep those things in mind. The church must believe every word, every promise, every iota. This is the important part here. And claim it for themselves. One, and exercise themselves in it. Hallelujah. 3% say amen. All watching me, you know, stop watching me, you know. Close your eyes. Stop seeing me. And when you hear the word, say amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. You got to watch me. The church, God help me. Sometimes, some I don't know how to say it, you know. I've been trying to get it across and I'm hoping they catch it. The church must believe every word, every promise, every iota and claim it for themselves and exercise themselves in it. You have to say this is mine. But when you look at you, you're passing this through you. That's not what God ask. When God say a virgin shall conceive, Isaiah say oops Yeshua. If Isaiah tell God, Yeshua, ask God, Yeshua, you want me to say that? God bypass his intellect, his mind, drop into his heart and he said a virgin shall conceive. Hallelujah. He has no interpretation or adding to it. He spoke what God said. It mightn't be logical to man or science or whatever. He has nothing to do with that. Hallelujah. When Joshua told those Levites, three days we crossing over, take the ark and go forward. Those guys, they question nothing. They put the ark upon their shoulder and they went straight down to Jordan River. And when the foot touched the Jordan River, the river open up. Unbelief would be means you waiting for it to open up or you am moving. Your testimony is I am moving. Hallelujah. Until I see Jordan open up. Jordan will remain close to you and your land of promise is beyond Jordan. So you better get your foot in that water. Jordan River cold, but your better foot. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Are you ready to claim this for yourself? Are you ready to exercise yourself in it? Not only must you claim it. If you claim these signs shall fall in the belief, your child get sick, your neighbor get sick, you could lay us upon the sick and they shall recover. That's how you exercise it. Give the Lord some praises because you believe that you are believer. Come on now. I know I'm not hearing you. You believe you are a believer and the Bible said these signs shall follow them that believe. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. You have every right to pray for your sick son or sick daughter. You have every right to lay your hands on yourself and said devil come out. Hallelujah. Praise God. You have every right to do that. Give the Lord a shout in the house. He can attack your body. He can attack your spirit. But you have a right to respond to his attacks. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you say if I'm engaged and to a girl and I give her engagement ring and she doesn't want to wear it, she doesn't believe me. And if God send gifts among us and we don't receive it, we are believe it. Praise God. So no church will clean your soul. No creed can clean your soul. Only the blood of Jesus Christ can clean your soul. Satan will make all kind of promises but he has nothing to give you because he don't have enhancing. He don't have no salvation. What is Satan? Here we go. You want what is Satan? What is Satan? Anything contrary to the word. He doesn't have salvation. He doesn't have light. His kingdom is darkness. The end thereof is death. Darkness and death is Satan's kingdom. He said, "What is Satan's kingdom?" Anything contrary to the word of God. Anything contrary to the precepts of God, the word of God is not God. What is it? Sin is righteousness perverted. What is death? life perverted. What is the kingdom of Satan? Anything set in something that will take place of the word, any teaching, one word, just one word. You might believe every bit like Eve. That one word is all you need to disbelieve. Hallelujah. Praise God. Think of it. Let's go. One word to disbelieve God through a promise of the devil or his machinery. One word sends you into torment. That's the way it started. And if God, here we go, in his mercy as he is, would send this mass of hell upon the earth and cause little hungry children, all kind of affliction, starving people, death in the earth because one word at the beginning, could not he have looked it over and kept from having all this mass of suffering? Could he not have done it then? If he didn't excuse one word then knowing that this would be the results, how much more will he not excuse one word there? When the individual is going to be the sufferer alone. Think about it. Amen. It's a tremendous thing. I'm still reading. When Adam and Eve listened to the lie of the devil, here we go. The holy image of God left them. Their fellowship was broken with God. their fellowship of oneness with God was broken, the very minute they listen to the lie of the devil, that broke their fellowship. And the very minute that you listen to the lie of the devil, it will break your fellowship. That's the very minute you go out from the presence of God. Look at Samson. God tell him seven locks. God gave him a covenant. Don't cut it. He's fooling around with a Philistine girl, Delilah. He's fooling around. He not even studying the girls in his own camp. He's fooling around with her. He begin to lie to her. She wants to know what is the secret of his strength. She work on him with her mouth with her words until she give in. And every time he lie to her, he made the covenant but he going backwards. One lie, two lie, you know, still feeling blessed, still feeling anointed or whatnot. But he is going backwards. And one day when she he revealed to her his whole heart, she knew it. It clicked. She get the money from her supporters and her backers and the spirits that's behind her. Cuz that's what you don't see. The spirit behind her, the spirit behind him, the spirit behind them, you're only seeing them and her and him, but you're not seeing the spirit behind that. Behind the forces at work. Hallelujah. She sent for them and they're destructive because they dig out Samson eye. And the Bible says Samson shake himself up before because all the lies he telling he break through and he still had the power to defeat them. But this time when he shake himself as usual, he recognized he's just a man like everybody else because the covenant was broken. Therefore, the power was absent. It was no longer there as a vindication or confirmation. And Samson was a guy had revelation from God, but because he broke the covenant, the anointing was no longer there to give the uncction to function. He couldn't defeat the enemy. And they dug his eyes out. Samson had a long time. Secondary consequences of his despicable behavior. Secondary consequences. Lost his eyes. He had a long time to think over it. Amen. And one day, one day they want to embarrass him. Now they want to shame him. Now they want to make sports of him now. Once a servant of God, once on top the mountain, once victory, once killed lion and once killed a thousand philistine with just a jawbone of an a mule, a little boy leading him. He's blind. Samson asked him, "Where are the pillars that this building struck his whole life? Lead me to it. I want to show what faith make a man do. Samson say stop in the middle of the field about hallelujah glory bloop. He fall down. That was entertainment for them. That's the next piece of entertainment. He has spirit. He jumping, jumping, jumping. Something didn't do that. He said put me in the position between the pillars because I want to get glory to God. Put me in position where I could be effective where I could maximize the damage on the enemy. and they put him between the pillars. When they looking for excitement and looking for entertainment, Samson start to cry through his sucker eyes. He's saying, "Once more, Lord. Once more, send another book of Acts. Send your power as in Mark 16, St. John 14:12, St. Mark 11:23, send Acts 18, your power come down upon the church once more, Lord." And Samson knew he had it before so he could call for it some more. And when the power hit him, he felt the power in his muscles. He felt the power because the hair grow back. The lux was restored. He was anointed. He was ready. And he pushed all his might. And he said, "Let me die with them." Oh, give the Lord a shout. I'm willing to pay the price now. Let me die with my enemy. And Samson killed more Philistine in his death than in his life. He brought honor and glory to God. What that devil know didn't know is that God dropped his agent in the camp of the enemy. What does the Lord are shouting the house? Glory to God. And here we are in Satan's Eden. We are in the enemy camp. But God has raised us up in this hour for such a time as this. Give the Lord a praise in the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God himself has done that. All right. So, Eve wasn't supposed to be smart. She was supposed to be obedient. God don't want us smart. He want us to lean on his understanding. Oh, praise God. Now, we know we make mistakes, but you mustn't look at that. It's not your mistakes because you're always going to have them. But you see it is following his rules, following what he said do. Stumbling and falling doesn't have one thing to do with it. A real true servant. If he stumble, he will get up again. If he wobbles, God pull him right back to the path, as long as he's a part of duty. But if he's off the part of duty, God is not obligated to him. But as long as the part of duty, God is obligated to him, knowing he's just a man or a woman. He is obligated to that person as long as they in the path of duty. We hitting the home stretch. The word oneness means to be one with and that's the scripture we read. Jesus said that we be one not just any kind of one. As let me read it here. Hallelujah. Let me get that here. Praise God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Now I'm no more of in the world but these are in the world. And I come to thee, holy father, keep through thine own name those whom thou has given me that they may be one as we are. So the oneness was as we are. St. John 14:20 he said at that day you shall know I am in the father ye in me and I in you. Then he also said to them as my father sent me so send you. The father that sent him went in him. So he is showing that he himself going to be in you. Hallelujah. So as the father power Jesus, Jesus will power that bride. Because we'll be connected to him. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Do you get it tonight? All right. So let's go. So watch now. The spirit of God in the word makes the word live itself or act itself out. Now Paul said the letter killth but the spirit giveth life. So the text or the letter in itself is not the spirit. It is the spirit in letter form or word form but the spirit is what energizes is what bringeth alive. So we need the spirit to make the word that we are hearing alive or quickened or like dynamic coming to you. You need that. It's quickening power. Lazarus was dead but Jesus said I go wake him. He take power to wake him. He said where have you laid him? He that believeth on me. He throw a promise as the scripture had said. No. He he said what? What? I am the resurrection and the life. That's what he said to them. You can't say that a sick person. You talking about the dead person. I am the resurrection and the life. And that sister draw into that. Plug into that even now Lord. You say where have you laid him? Roll away the stone. She can't complain now. and ball stone too big. No, she run to move. Is faith at work? You know, faith for Jesus to be there. Faith for Jesus to speak the promise. Faith to say roll away the stone. And faith for him to say, Lazarus, come forth. And a dead man come forth. Well, give the Lord a shout. I'm telling you, you have to be in love with this faith thing. This faith is life. This faith is a currency of God. You walk by faith. You talk by faith. You live by faith. You go home and you believe that God will protect you and you will go home safely. All of that is by faith. Give the Lord some praises. The spirit of God in the word makes the word live itself or acts itself out. It brings the word to life like a seed. That's how he says, "So my word shall go from my mouth. It shall return me void." Like a seed. What happened to that seed? You have a seed. You put it here. You could leave it there for 100 years. It stay dry. It's still a seed. But until you put water in that in a ground, it will stay dry. Just a seed. It have life in it. Amen. But the life has not been unfolded. You have life in you, a seed in you, the word in you. The secret is the word is in the brine. The disciples had themselves haul themselves in the upper room dry seeds waiting for rain to come. When the day of Pentecost was fully come, the Holy Ghost poured upon their seeds and the seed begin to grow or the word turn to spirit or the kingdom of God has manifest in them as the word turn into spirit and they had the kingdom. Even Jesus tell them don't go low here, low there. He said the kingdom is within you. He was showing this word coming to you and then God transformed that word in you and then the kingdom breaks out. Oh, you're empowered now. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You are empowered now. You're a little wiky sister and all of a sudden the kingdom break upon you. You're empowered now. And you find yourself casting devils, praying for the sick, praying for your son, praying for your daughter, praying for whatever condition and God answering your prayer. You are now empowered by the spirit of God. It's not letter anymore. It's spirit and word dynamics and mechanics together. Something got to rock. Something got to shake. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Before all this modern technology, it used to have the trains and the train with with with um a boiler in it. Hallelujah. With water in it. For the train to move, it needs steam. How you getting steam? You had to hot the water. It's not boiling water, you know. It's steam. They have to bring that water so hot that it produces steam. And this steam generates the power to move the train from one place to the next. So I'm saying to you this morning, rapture. Where you going with that? A book, a tape. We going to rapture. Where you going? Down San Fernando. Where you going to go with the rapture? Where you going? Rapture. We taxi. Raptor taxi. You need power to leave. Enoch walked with God and was not. Because God took him and God is a spirit. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. God is not just text. God is the spirit. The prophet said the dynamic, the mechanics he reflected became dynamics by the spirit and it took him. In other words, what he had on the inside might transform what was on the outside. Raptor is not outside in. The rapture is inside out. We're going to leave here because of what's in us. Not what we hanging on here. This old flesh. You see the old gray head man walking bent up and broken. That's not rapture business. Rapture is the power inside of you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, it's going to quicken your mortal body by that same spirit. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Same spirit. Hallelujah. Same spirit. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, hallelujah, dwell in you, shall quicken your mortal body, you have seen nothing yet. Oh glory. No blind people going to rapture. No deaf and dumb people going rapture. You had to be healed here now. You're going your whole. No gray hair any rapture. Yeah. You know your gray hair going back black. Your baldhead getting back here. Okay. I show me starting here this morning. You know this corruption will put on incorruption. This mortal will put on immortality. We shall be changed in a moment. In a twink of an eye. Oh Lord. I shout. I am leaving here. You could stay back if you want, but I'm getting out of here. Why you think I'm preaching this way? I want to get out of here. The bombs about to fly. The nuclear weapons is about to be loosed. The hour of God judgment is already loosed from the bow. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, doomed devils on the run. We're going to see them doomed devils on the run. You're going to run them off your family. They're going to run them off your loved ones. They're going to run them off your wife. They're going to run them off your children. Doomed devils going to be on the run. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The son of the Lord and of the bride. Shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The [Applause] [Music] So the only way they could be one with God, only way. Only way was because God nature was in them. So how they get away from this perfect man statue? Hallelujah. How how do you get for nature? It's not because they hear a sermon and the text was in them and they sleeping on a Bible or book that God's nature was in them. These virtues the LGBTQ world people hijacked the color and rainbow and stuff them liars. But this belong to us. They are the perverted ones. They are the twisted ones. But this is original. The Lord I shout this is original. This is what this this is ours. They can't take that flag we wear. You know there's something on the inside. It thunder in Luther. It thunder in Wesley. It thunder Pentecost. Seven thunders going to be in that bride. The mighty angel come back with his red back wings with seven thunders. Seven voices. Those seven voices will be in the bride. They don't want it to be the virtues. That is the business. But seven voices going to be in the bright to thunder against the enemy. The devil going to be rocking and shaking. God can't lie. The thunders is on the earth. Hey. Hallelujah. What a punch. No man bring it down. Jesus brought it down. No man I bring it down. The revelation will be vindicated. The seven tunnels on the earth. [Music] [Applause] Glory. This is good. This is good. That is why he said wait till them seven thunders that's on the earth utter the voices of that group. [Music] [Applause] So Jesus prayed a prayer in St. John 17 that we be one. What a union, a oneness that would be to see God in his church. He is till every member is just perfectly in harmony with each other and God. I love that. You see, somebody can't be claimed to be harmony with God and they can't be har with your brother. That's a different God you're with. Harmony with God means you could be in harmony with your brother and sister. Amen. So if somebody claim so so the problem is a God connection because God can't forgive you of your sins and you hold somebody sin against them. That makes no sense. Because the same blood for you is for your brother. The same blood for you is for your sister. So you can say God pardon you. You are free and you condemning somebody and locking somebody neck. That that that can't work. Perfect harmony with each other and God. That's the church that Jesus coming for. That is where his prayer will be answered. That we will be one. Sin and death takes you away from God. So to be united with him in the spirit of his power is eternal life and you are eternally united with God. On the day of Pentecost, here we go. We find the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire. Amen. Separating itself and setting upon each member of that church, God putting himself together by doing what? Giving each one their own light. It wasn't the pastor light and the bishop light and the arbishop life and the apostle light. No, every believer tongues of fire lit upon each one of them and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. So when Mary was filled with Holy Ghost, she didn't feel and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. So when Mary was filled with Holy Ghost, she didn't feel let go in the pulpit to preach that that that Holy Sp now now said a woman pumping going where God didn't change her fellowship change her fellowship with her husband wasn't right. They begin to pass the buck. You know the story go. Eve said the serpent and and then when God got Adam, Adam Adam said the woman you give me. He was careful to say you know he said I I find she you know you give me that and and that is how I that what what happened now. So so so excuses was in Genesis. Hallelujah. Excuses was in the beginning. Adam didn't want to accept responsibility for what went on there. But God didn't talk to his serpent. And upon thy belly of shall go. You stand straight down in the ground. That way you take a dive. Listen to this. Her thinking changed. Her fellowship with her husband wasn't right. Her thinking was changed because she had the life of the devil in her. As soon as she disbelieved God's word, she accepted the life of the devil because she accepted his teaching. So you mean teachings have a life? Amen. Exactly. Amen. Jesus said it this way. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. So the devil's spirit come into people by false teaching. Causing them to think differently and see differently. So instead of seeing you as brethren, they see you as off or this or that and they up and you down. said of foolishness, no manifestation, no vindication, no confirmation. None at all. Just talk. You know, trainer like to talk. Hallelujah. You see, God don't deal with person in a group. Uh God don't deal with you in an organization. He deals with you as an individual and individual. Individually, we are baptized with the Holy Ghost. Collectively, we are baptized into the body when we are baptized with the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's the same thing today. God want a separation. There can be no unity. Can night have unity with day? Can a believer have unity with an infidel? Can a man who believes in all the word have unity with a man who just believes part of the word? He paid a debt in order to get the oneness between God and man. This is the price that Jesus paid. I'm I'm closing. Jesus could not come along as long in a body of flesh. So he had to become the complete sin offering to take away the guilt of the believer to take away so the Holy Ghost would come into man and make man and God oneness again. Hallelujah. He had to reestablish that. So the highest form of the on human life is a human being. The human being fell. So God in spirit could not die. So God had to bring himself a little lower than the angels and take on flesh to take on debt to pay the penalty to bring the oneness between man and God again so the Holy Ghost could come back. I'm sure that the objective of all of this is to bring back Holy Ghost. Isn't that right? The debt of sin was paid. Jesus had to do this to send the Holy Ghost back upon to unite the people again like it was in the garden of Eden. So the objective of the Holy Ghost is to unite the people. No minister could do it. No man could do it. No church could do it. Playing the tapes every day from now till the tribulation, it can't to do it. Oh, give the It still need the Holy Ghost. Give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Musicians, get ready. The disciples even walking with Jesus didn't have no oneness. Listen. They didn't have any unity. They argued, "Who's going to be bishop after this? Who's the greatest among us?" They couldn't even believe Jesus. They couldn't understand him. God's got a plan. Outside of that plan, I don't care how much wisdom behind it, how much million of dollars of the buildings, how much schools, if it's denying the Bible is of the devil. The disciples who walk with him, slept with him, eat with him, saw miracles are so teased with him, close as anybody. They didn't have it yet. He said, "Don't preach anymore. I'm going to send the promise that's been given to you that will unify you. Yes. The disciples had no unity. They could not understand Jesus. They said God wasn't in them yet. Here we go. Well, punch this. They were associated in fellowship. But George, you get that? But God wasn't in them yet. Even a woman come one time and says Jesus could you put one of my sons in the left hand one son in the right disciples they are furious to them brothers because they know the mother come with a foolishness Jesus says nothing in me to put on right and left and so on like that you know the story but they had issues among themselves you go wasn't friends being friends is Jesus called these different groups of people different backgrounds different whatever it is and he had them there around there isn't that right all right let's hit the sh here now so church. God wasn't in them yet. They were just associated in fellowship. They just associated with him. That's many a good man today. They didn't drink, lie, steal, nothing. But they didn't have one with God. They know the message. They know the quotes. They know the explanation. But they're not one with God. Amen. But when the day of Pentecost was made one, they was made one again. Amen. Oneness with God. They were in one heart, one soul, one mind, one mind. They were restored back to original again. We are coming to the end now. God sent the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Ghost is God himself. Here we go. He is the one that will make the oneness between God and man. The Holy Ghost alone. Man under the devil's plan has tried to denominate the church into oneness. educate the church into oneness. Through denomination, man under the devil's plan tried to denominate people into oneness. But God said, "Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit. I will unite my church. Not by organization, not by education, not by theologians, but by my spirit, say the Lord. I'll bring my sheep together." Oh, praise God. And when he does, what happens? His signs will be a record of the same. The revelation will have a vindication. Hallelujah. He's bringing the elect together from all kind of churches everywhere. He's calling his elect together in oneness to himself. He called the elect Lutherans to form the Wesian. Call the elect Weson to form the Pentecostals. And now he's calling the elect Pentecostal out to make the headstone to come into it. Praise God. I'm closing here now. The word of God is a sword. And the word is the sword is perfectly dormant if it isn't yielded by the hand or power. It takes a hand to hold the sword and take the hand that holds this sword is the hand of faith. Now the hand of faith is depend upon how strong it is. Now if it's a strong hand it will cut through. Some people have faith to say I'm saved. I I I have faith to say brother but you my pastor. I have faith to say I go to he tabernacle. Plenty of faith. But here what he wants. If it's a strong hand, it will cut plum through everything the devil can put out there and make every promise of God shine forth in the power of the resurrection. It depends upon the power of the hand behind the sword. Oh, glory to God. We have the sword here today. You know, it's the power of the hand behind the sword. Now, that sword will cut in there if there's enough arm to push it in. It will find its place, cut every promise, and give it to you. If you got strong enough arm behind it, the sword will pick it up the arm of faith and grip it tight. You take the sword of the word and every promise belongs to you. Pick it in a strong pick up in a strong hand. Walk forward. If you need healing, cut it out with the word. Push through the darkness until the light of God shines through you. The real believers will not compromise in any word. They were in God's image and God was in them. And that is what makes a fellowship. That is what make a union. God in his church. Let's go. The kingdom of God is his word made power. 1 Corinthians 4:20, the kingdom of God is the word made power. What is the kingdom of God? It's within you. The kingdom is in you. And when the word comes in there, what does the word begins? It turns itself into power. You can't say it says this and it says this and make it work. You you got to say the same thing. It makes a confession. And here we go. This is a bomb. What is it? You got to get that word. You got to get yourself killed out. I'm persuaded that many of us friends have received the Holy Ghost. But we just received enough Holy Ghost in us to make us to a place where we don't want to lie. We don't want to steal. We don't want to do anything. But God wants to fill every fiber of his church. He wants to fill your thinking. He wants to fill your mind. He wants to fill every bit of you. Just make you completely totally dead to yourself or to your thinking just so surrendered till God that his word is living right through you. Oh my. Hallelujah. What is it? We are getting ready for the rapture. Holding ourselves steady for a few minutes till every fiber is filled with the Holy Ghost. You can't go rapture without Holy Ghost. You can't go rapture just with books and tapes. You have to be there till every fiber is filled. He is calling his people together to himself with true oneness with himself because it is his holy spirit. By one spirit we are baptized into the body. And I'll close with this. Stay with the word. To separate from it is breaking your fellowship with God. Then he make them say this together. Let us say this together. is oneness with God. is to have is to have God's spirit God's spirit in you in you agreeing with the word agreeing with the word all the word all the word the whole word the whole word and to make it manifested to make it manifest in power in power give the Lord some praises there you are oneness with God is have God's spirit in you agreeing with the word, all the word, the whole word and make it to manifest itself in power. There you are. That is oneness with God. When the power works in me and works in you, we are one. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Begin to play something. Praise God. Now that you got strength enough to yield a sword. Now that you got an understanding enough in God's word to claim it to be a personal property who can pick up the word of God now in your hand and hold it in your hand. I say I take side with the Lord. I'll be on this with my God from this on. I would yield the sword of the spirit in his word and I will cut the devil to every promise that God promised me. Let's all stand and give God some praises. Praise God. So friends, he said many have received the Holy Ghost but enough just to say God is good. Praise the Lord. But he want to fill you with his spirit. Father God, as we we bless your name, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your presence. We thank you for the anointing. We thank you for this word today. Every true revelation will be vindicated. Father, confirm your word to your people even with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. right into the greet somebody in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Let your holy presence come to complete control over every situation that has trouble my mind. [Music] All my cares and birds unto you I b I roll. Oh all my cares and birds unto you I b I roll. Let your let your livinging waters let it flow. Oh my soul. Let your Holy Spirit come and take complete control over every situation that has troubled my mind. [Music] All my cares and burdens unto you. I roll all my castle, all my castles, unto you I singing Jesus. Put all your heart now. Jesus. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh father. Oh father, father. Oh father, father. One more time. Let your living Oh, let your livinging waters come and oh my. Lift your hand with all your heart and sing. Oh, let your Holy Spirit come and take complete control over every situation that trouble my my oh my car onto you. I roll all my car and burdens. Oh. Oh. Unto you I. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh Jes. [Music] Oh father. Oh singing father. Oh father. Oh father. Father. Oh holy spirit. Spirit. Spirit. Lift your hand and say spirit. Spirit. Spirit. Oh spirit. One more time. Spirit. Oh, sweet Holy Spirit. Sweet Holy Spirit. Oh, God. Spirit of God. Spirit of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lift your hands and we'll give him a shout of praise right now. Hallelujah. Give him a shout of praise. Lift up your hands. Oh, fall fresh on me, Holy Spirit. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Oh send forth your spirit. Manifest your presence spirit. Oh spirit. Spirit. Spirit. [Music] Spirit. Put your hands out. Spirit. [Music] Oh, spirit. [Music] Spirit fill me now. Fill me now. Oh Jesus, come. Oh, and fill me now. Oh, fill me with Oh, thy heart pray sons come. Oh, come and fill me. Oh, with all your heart now you sing. Oh, fill me now. Oh, fill me now. Jesus, [Music] come. Oh, and fill me now. Oh, won't you fill me with with thy hallowed pray sons come. Oh, come and fill me. Oh, just give the Lord some praises as the music plays. Hallelujah. [Music] M. Is that what you want today? Is that what your desire is? Let him fill you today. Fill every fiber of your being. Fill your heart. Fill your life. Fill your body. Till your hands are quickened. Until your feet are quickened. Oh, until you can't help but speak his word. Do his word. Live his word. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's your desire today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. And make me more like thee. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Make me more like thee. Oh, and give me a heart that's filled with love. I just get ready to bring the ting offering. Make me more like thee. Oh, one more time. Oh, singing may be me more like thee, oh Jesus, make me be more like thee. Oh, and give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Oh, let's give him praise. Hallelujah. You appreciate the word this morning. Every true revelation will be vindicated. Oh, wonderful. Let's bow our heads as we want to pray for the tithes you're offering today. Almighty God, we are thankful, Lord. Lord, we thank you for your word to our hearts today. We give you praise for it and we are grateful today for your hand in our lives, Lord. Lord, and we thank you, Lord, now and we just bring the ts in the offering before you, Lord. We pray that you would bless it and use it for the furtherance of your gospel. Bless your people, Father, as as you provide for them, dear God, according to their giving today. Lord, we pray to bless the ministry, Father, as they continue in the word of God. And Lord, as they continue to uh uh uh work towards, Lord, Father, your kingdom, Lord, uh uh making sure that everything is done according to your goodness and mercy. Lord, we pray that you bless these offerings today. Jesus name, pray and ask it. Amen and amen. Praise God. So, as they hand it out, Amen. Oh, a life behind the name. Amen. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. Praise God. Let's sing that song today. You believe that today? Are you looking for that life to be manifested in you? Praise God. That's what we need today. Amen. Oh, it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demon tremble. Oh, and it's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who devised a plan. Oh, and in all things as a man. Oh, that he could live. Oh, so he could give give us the life behind the name. Oh, it was the life behind the name. Oh, that made the demons tremble. Oh, and it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who devised a plan. Oh, that in all things as a man. Oh, that he could live. Oh, so he could give give us the life behind. Let's take it up. Oh, and it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. Oh, it's the life behind. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who devised a plan. Oh, that in all things there's a man. Oh, that he could live. Oh, so he could get give us the life he had. Oh, it was the life behind. Oh, yes. Now that makes the demons tremble. Oh, it was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who devises a plan. Oh, and in all things there's a man who he could live so he could give us the life behind. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Life behind the name. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, thank you for that life. Oh, glory. Seven thunders in him. Oh, to walk like Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. It was God who devised a plan. Oh, and in all things, there's a man that he could live so he could give. Oh, give us the left behind. One more time. It was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes Oh, it was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who devised a plan. Oh, and in all things as a man, he could live so he could live. Give us the life behind. One more time. It was the life behind. Oh, hallelujah. That makes the demons tremble. Oh, it was the life. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. And it was God who devised a plan. Oh, in all things as a man, he could live and he could give give us the life behind. Give the Lord one more shout. Hallelujah. Glory. Yeah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, it's manifesting time. Oh, that life is coming forth. It's coming forth in you. In you, my brother. In you, my sister. Hallelujah. Oh, and in all things as a man that he could live, so he could give give us the life behind the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord today? Amen. We do have some praises and a few prayer requests. You could play something softly. So, note of praise. This is my testimony of God's goodness and love. Greetings to the body of Christ. This month, July, will mark one year since my father, the most high God, had miraculously delivered me. I had a six-hour surgery to remove a tumor in my pancreas. I will be forever grateful to my family, Gloria Francis, Uncle Edmund, and all editors of the Headstone Tabernacle headed by our beloved Pastor Oid. Thank you for your strong prayer and intercession. It was a few days before surgery late at night when Gloria called on a three-way line. Pastor did not hesitate. He responded right away. He prayed and pleaded the blood of Jesus Christ to cover me. Right before I went into the surgery room, I heard the Holy Spirit spoke to me saying, "There's no one here with you. Your family's in the waiting room and cannot come in here with you. I am here and I will never leave you or forsake you." And from that moment on, I was comforted and at peace. Thank you, my brothers and sisters, for keeping me in your prayers. Truly, prayer changes things. There is nothing too hard for God to do. He is able. To God be the glory for great, great things he has done. From Katherine Walker, family of the Anwine. So, we thank God. We do have quite a number of prayer requests this morning. We want to take to the throne of grace this morning from sister Jennifer Oid. Please pray for brother Terren who is in a lot of pain. He fell on Friday evening. So you want to remember brother Terren in prayer from brother Vijay Kadu. I'm requesting prayer for severe back pain, for healing of a severe back pain and for a total deliverance from Sister Precious Allen. Good morning, saints. I'm asking for prayer on behalf of my brother's apprentice. He fell down from a tree yesterday and hit the back of his head and you can see his brain. We got the news that he might not make it. Praying for a total recovery. requesting prayer for Daniel Rajkumar, from Sister Susan for his safety and his well-being, thanking the Lord in advance, and from sister Janice Straker. Please pray for my sister Brenda who is in San Fernando Hospital with a brain tumor which is affecting her speech and the closing and opening of her hands and the speech has come back but her hands are still uh cannot open and close. Also my uncle is in mount hope with complications as well. And if there's anyone in the house this morning with a need that has not been written, but you want us to approach the great physician this morning to make your petition known. The Bible said, "If two shall agree, touching anything, we could have what we ask for." Healing is a children's bread. And there's power in the church of the living God over every disease, every sickness, over every affliction, over every problem, condition. It doesn't matter how complicated it is. He is God. So shall we pray this morning? Heavenly Father, we thank you this morning for words of eternal life, Lord, that has been spoken behind the sacred desk to encourage us, Lord, about the promised manifestation of every vindicated promise of God. Every revelation must be vindicated, Father. And Lord, we have stood behind this sacred desk many times and seen many prayer requests come back as notes of praise, Father. And Lord, we come as a needy people with Lord a number of prayer requests this morning, Lord, from Lord, Sister Janice, for a sister with a brain tumor, Lord. And she's looking for a touch, Father. We pray there, God, that the angel of the Lord would move to Brenda wherever she is right now. Father, may you touch her from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. May she be completely healed. And may this request come back as a note of praise. and for her uncle in Mount Hope with complications. Whatever the complications are this morning, we know you are more than able to deal with every complication. Lord, for Daniel Rajkumar for his safety and well-being, Lord, may your blood cover him. May you protect him, Lord, for Lord. Lord, for sister Precious is her her brother apprentice uh John Owen. Lord God, he fell down and Lord, it's a very grave serious situation. But Lord, you are more than able this morning. Lord, you are able to do anything, Father. So, Lord, in the situation of the impossibility, Lord, you make yourself known. So, Father, may you make yourself known to him and to all of his loved ones in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And Lord may your healing power move into that situation Lord for brother Vijay Kadu Lord for the severe back pain plane Lord and for a total deliverance Lord we pray a healing would touch him even now as as he's at his post of duty and Lord for brother Terren Lord Lord an elder in the house of God Lord how the enemy has a right to try anything he could try but we as a church have a right to push back every attempt of the enemy we have a right as a church of the living God to pray for the sick, Lord, to declare healing over our house and our family. So, Father, may the angel of the Lord visit your servant even now and touch him from the crown of his head to the salt of his feet. And Lord, for every hand that was raised in the sanctuary, every request in the tabernacle, those that are on the internet, Lord, we speak a word of healing, of deliverance, of freedom, of breakthrough. May the power of the Holy Ghost move upon each one in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, and the church says. And heavenly father, Lord, we pray for your people. Lord, we pray for your church. Lord, we pray for our pastor this morning. We pray for the ministers. We pray for the elders. We pray for the deacons. We pray for the trustees. We pray for the ushers. We pray for the musicians. Lord, the technicians, the Sunday school, the the kitchen, the hospitality, the parking. Lord, every help, every government, every officer, every brother, every sister, every father, every mother, we pray for the entire assembly in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Father, may you strengthen your people one more time as Samson cried out once more, Lord. Uh, Father, we cry once more, Lord. Uh, may you move upon your people. And Lord, may you bring us back at the appointed time. We are under great expectation for what you're about to do. Lord, you have never failed us yet. Lord, we could look back, Lord, and look to the mountains, look to the valleys, and when we could look, we could say, "You have never failed us yet. You are faithful. You are God of the faithful. You're a faithful God. You're a miracle working God. You're a God who opens doors. Uh you're a God of the possibility." He said, "If is is is anything too hard for you and there's nothing." So, Father, we claim every backslider. We claim everyone that's sick. We claim those that are struggling. We claim those that the enemy thinks he has. And we say, "Satan, take your hands off of God's property. House of hell, give way to the name of Jesus." Uh, and by the power that's vested in us as a church of the living God, we can declare this is our season. This is our time. Uh, it's a new day. It's a new season. It's a new hour. It's a new dispensation. And Father, let the fire fall. Father, we are under expectation for the rustle in the malberry tree. We are under expectation to see the sick heal. We have been sick for too long. We have been depressed for too long. We have been up and down for too long. But your promise there's a power coming into the church and that's now coming in uh when they'll speak the word uh and it'll flash like lightning. So, Father, may that power rest on positionally placed sons as we prepare for the convention. May we rise from faith to fate. May we rise from glory to glory. May the standard bear users. Uh he said when the enemy comes in like a flood the spirit would raise a standard. May you raise a standard here this morning. May you raise a standard in our homes this week. Uh may you raise our standard as every day comes down to the convention. May this island shake under the power of the Holy Ghost. Uh may the epicenter of a move of God uh be sparked in this island in the mighty name of Jesus Christ we pray. May you bless those that are planning. May you bless those that are part of the process. May you bless those that are preparing to travel into the country. More father, may all be well uh in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Uh we commit your people into your hands. May you bring us back at the appointed time. And the church says and the church says amen. You may be seated for a few a few announcements. like to welcome Andrea Ross invited by sister June Renhead. God bless you. Welcome. Happy to have you here with us. Also like to welcome Nicholas Castillo invited by brother Steven Oliver. God bless you Nicholas. Thank you for coming. Trust you were blessed. So for some announcements, uh there are only two services before the convention. So service continues this Wednesday at 8:00 p.m. here at the tabernacle. There will be no service this Friday and we just have this Sunday ahead before the convention. The countdown is on. We have arrived. So we are under great expectation. So, if you could be here this coming Wednesday night, make every effort to be here this coming Wednesday night. And this coming Sunday will be our last service before the convention 2025. And we are looking for the entire church to be active in the convention. Call somebody, invite somebody, encourage somebody. It's an open convention. And we are looking for God to do great things. We are not having a convention to promote man to promote an agenda but it's for God to get the glory and by the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Some have asked what's the theme of the convention. The theme is what the Lord wants the theme to be. The ministers will speak what the Lord places on their hearts by the revelation that God give them and the uncction so that God could do what he wants to do for the body of believers that will be gathered here physically and those that will be connected online as well. So once more service just this Wednesday and this Sunday coming and then of course next week Lord willing we'll have the convention maintenance group two is carded to serve today which is brother Joel Straker's group and next week Lord willing group one which is but a popwell's group registration for conventions meal for convention meals continue today uh I believe the menu is on the notice board downstairs so we'd like a prompt response for that for planning purposes so we could be ahead of the curve as it were. Convention dates have been placed in the WhatsApp group as well as on our social channels. And just for a reminder to us, July 18th, 19th, and 20th, we are looking for your continued support in prayer, in time, and in any way you can in financial support. And we thank you for your continued support. There will be a meeting after service. I'd like to see all the deacons, all of the ushers, all of the trustees, as well as the park in attendance. And there'll be a few other things happening there as well. So, we do have some housekeeping. Uh so as the technicians wind down the stream and we prepared
