################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-02-26 - 250226 - Matthew Watkins: The Spirit Of Revival - Matthew Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-02-26
Title:   250226 - Matthew Watkins: The Spirit Of Revival
Speaker: Matthew Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcgAO4aRCa4
========================================

[Music] [Applause] Old time religion. It's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's that old time. Holy Spirit and the devil near the [Applause] people. Heat. Heat. Oh, and hold to God's unchanging [Applause] hand. Oh, to God's [Music] unchanging. Heat. Heat. [Music] is filled with sweet [Applause] transition. Yeah. Heat. changing to God changing God. to God [Applause] unchanging and trust in him who will not leave [Music] you [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. Oh, when your journey is [Music] completed, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. You got [Applause] [Music] changing to Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh, God's unchanging. Amen. Let me turn up them speakers a little bit. I'm just kidding. I was too busy back there. I didn't hear him. Praise the Lord. I like to sing. Like to get in the spirit. Get this thing out of the way. My wife told me the other day when I was u talking about that nun's testimony, she said, "You left us hanging. What was going on?" The the name of the testimony was, "You got to stop the Catholic Church." And she was a nun for many, many years. Started at 18. And I told you before, she had all these rituals and stuff that they went through. their whole day was planned out, fasting, prayer for this long and all this. So, one time she went down to pray at the altar and things started to get dark on her and um she actually stopped breathing. She could hear the other nuns saying that, you know, trying to help her, call the ambulance and stuff, but she couldn't see anything. And that's when she started to see the presence of God. She went and um she said, you know, and she never spoke, but it was like I did this and he and he it would come back with the word of God. She came out of that. I mean it and in the hospital room she saw the ceiling of the hospital room and they had said she'd been clinically dead for like 2 and 1/2 minutes. And when she's testifying, you'd think that the stuff she was testifying would take a long time. Of course, she never went back to the Catholic church and she all she could do was go and testify about Jesus because that's what she was pointed to when she went through that. You know, we don't know where all of his children are, and she may never become bride, but in that situation, God reached down and put her in the hospital, showed her these things that the Catholic Church was just a bunch of idolatry worship and stuff, and delivered her from it. So, I hope nobody's hanging anymore. That was the end of the story. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we love you this evening. Lord, we are so thankful that you are the same yesterday, today and forever without any shadow of turning, Lord. And Father, we come with confidence knowing that you are here in our midst. And Lord, if we just open our hearts and let the floodgates of heaven, you want to fill us more than we want to be filled. So we come to you believing that, asking you to help us, Father, to step into your presence. allow you to have your way. Bless the tithes and offerings. And Lord, we pray for those that are sick this evening. Father, when you're sick, you can realize how other people feel. And I pray for each and every one of them. Father, I pray that you help him, Lord. And as I pray for brother Charles, Father, and with his knee, his ankle, things going on, Father, I lift him up before you, Father. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray that you would touch his body, Lord, cuz we believe that you are a healer, Lord. By your stripes, we are healing. Praise and worship you this evening. Bless the breaking of the bread to our hearts, we pray. And bless those that are streaming, Lord. Reach out and touch our hearts, Father. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. This time, we'll ask Sister Emily. She has a special and uh we can y'all be be seated. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than housees or land. I'd rather be led by his name. will pierce [Music] him and to be the king of a doain and be held in sous way. I'd rather have Jesus than anything. This world affords today. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than Vince. I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide faith. I'd rather be true to his holy name. And to be the king of the [Music] west and be held in sin dress. I'd rather have Jesus than Anything this world affords today. This world a today. [Music] And it's one of my favorite songs. I really appreciate that. Um, uh, do we have the lyrics, Sister Zoe, for a song called I Need You More More Than Yesterday? My sister sent me this song today while I was at work. She's like, "Can we I want to sing this. Will you sing it with me? And here's the link to it." I said, "Yeah, you know, if I get a chance." So, I practiced it and then she texted the group chat right before service that um she wasn't going to sing it after all. Uh but I left my phone at the house and I didn't see it. So, I don't know that. Um but, uh we all the musicians decided that we were going to sing it together. So, if you could make sure they have mics. Um it's a pretty simple chorus. Um hopefully we have the words all can sing along. It's pretty simple. Um, it's a congregational. We got it. Um, we'll start with the chorus and uh y'all can sing along and uh if you if you want to um I need you [Music] more, more than yesterday. I need you more. [Music] More than words can say, I need you more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] I need you [Music] more more than yesterday. I need you [Music] more than words can say. I need you [Music] more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. More than the air I breathe. More than the song I sing, more than the next [Music] heartbeat. More than anything, more than as time goes by, be by your side. Because I never want to go back to my old life. I need you more than yesterday. I need you. [Music] more than words can say. I need you more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] more than yesterday. I need you more than words can say. I need you [Music] more before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Let's stand as we change the words of service. I want to sing um Spirit of the Living God, Fall Fresh on Me. This book says F. I don't know if that's accurate. um as we invite the minister and um y'all be praying. Um uh several of our people are out sick. Uh brother Jason out. Um last I heard he was going to have to forgo ministering tonight cuz he was feeling so under the weather and um brother Tony is out. Um which is why I'm up here. Um but uh keep everybody in prayer and I know it's going through and just that you know would stop here and not go any further and you know keep anybody else from getting sick. Um and so as we invite the minister out uh to bring the word um let's sing this song key of F. Spirit of the living God fall fresh on me. Spirit of the living God fall fresh on [Music] me living [Applause] God for fresh on [Music] Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me. [Music] Break me and help me. Hold on me. Fill me. Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me. Let's change that up. [Music] Uh do um give me a B flat if you don't mind me. On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, by the world for me. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. to the exchange and exchange it for. Can we sing it one more time to the Lord? Now let's raise our hands. So I'll cherish So you Heat. Heat. and exchange something for a [Music] Do you feel that way? Amen. One day we'll exchange it. You believe that? Amen. How does how many does that cross How many would say, "Lord, that that cross doesn't just mean something in the past, something that happened a long time ago, but it stands for a meaning, a value today." Amen. The reason why I'm why I'm here is because of that old rugged cross. Amen. God bless you. Amen. We just want to say uh welcome to the house of the Lord tonight. We got many that are sick and away and uh just not able to be here. Just different ones struggling with physical sickness. And so I know my dad is suffering and also talked to brother Tony and I think Annelise also and different ones. I'm sure many that aren't here tonight. So we just want to remember them in prayer. Amen. Also good to have brother Steve. Amen. Sister Emily back. It's all so awesome hearing that special back there. Amen. So glad uh to have them back with us. You love the Lord Jesus. Amen. Why don't we turn to the book of Revelations chapter 3. If we have our Bible, we'll turn there. Revelations [Music] 3. Amen. We just want to begin reading here. We'll just begin Revelations chapter 3. Really familiar, but I just want to pick up a couple verses. Amen. We'll just begin reading here at verse 14. I want to preach to you tonight, and I'm going to title this the spirit of revival. the spirit of revival and under the angel of the church of the lady of right these things saith the amen the faithful and true witness the beginning of the creation of God I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot I would thou work cold or hot so then because thou art lukewarm and neither cold nor hot I will spew thee out of my mouth mouth because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods and have need of nothing. Could you imagine what a condition? That's why brother Brandham said it was one of the most pitiful scriptures in the Bible. Because he said they looked at their own self in the mirror and this is what they seen. Because thou sayest, verse 17, I am rich, and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. Verse 18, I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white ramnant, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. and anoint thine eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I say, "It's okay. It's all right. I'll wink at it. It'll be okay." No. God says that the Bible says that the son that doesn't re receive correction is a bastard. Meaning that only real true sons God corrects because only true sons can be corrected. Aren't you glad that you got something in you that when your father comes down and chasens you, you don't resist, you don't recoil, but you just say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, Father. You know what I need?" Amen. That means that you're a son and a daughter of God. He says, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent." Verse 20, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him and he with me. Now remember, brother Brandham shows us that he was never in the church until this lady age. He was always outside of the church. But he says when he restored himself through the baptism of the Holy Ghost, not the true new birth, but the baptism on the flesh, the gifts of the spirit. Brother Brandham said under that lady church he said now Christ was in the church and they received his spirit but now somehow he's outside of that church his own church and he's knocking on the door and brother Brandham said it was because they accepted the signs but they kicked him out by kicking his word out and saying it's a false prophet we don't needed anything to do with it and brother Brandham says now you find him outside of his own church and he's knocking on the door. Now listen what he says here. And he says him, he says here, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him and he with me." To him, aren't you glad there's somebody that overcometh? How many want to say, "Lord, I believe it's going to be me." Amen. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Lord, we're glad that we have a receiving heart, an ear to hear, Lord. But more than all of that, I just want to say thank you, Lord, that you still speak. Father, I pray that you would come and make yourself real to your children. Lord God, for every person that's not able to be here tonight under sickness, Lord, of various kinds. Some with the flu, others with different kind of infections. Lord, I'm remembering also our sister Sarah Y, Lord, in the hospital at this very moment. God, we believe that you are still Jehovah Rafa. You're still the healer of our body. I pray, God, that you would come in a special way, Lord. uh just reach out in faith and I pray God that you would touch brother sister Sarah Lord and brother Brad Father there with her. I pray God that you would renew her strength Lord. May there just be a complete healing Father of whatever this situation is Lord God. I pray that you'd move on the scene. We ask it now Lord take us Lord one and all Father as we just pull up a chair to your table. Lord we come Father to be fed of you now God. I pray that you would just look at our look at our own humanity, our own weakness. Lord, there's nothing good, Father, inside of us except what you put inside of us. I pray, God, that you'd bless us now, one and all. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. We know that this is what the prophet of God teaches us here, and I've read it here in Revelations chapter 3, that that it was that God was going to send something very special uh when he sent the Holy Ghost. Let me just pull up my uh my notes here just for a moment. And I didn't send that. You can just um you can keep that. We we won't have any kind of slides here tonight. But I want to I just want to read you something that brother Adam said that just stirred me. It grabbed my attention as I know you've heard it before, but I just want to read it before you and uh and just let it sort of set the tone for what the Lord has for us tonight. Did you come expecting? Amen. Listen what brother Adam says here in the message in 1963 in August. How can I overcome? He says now I chose this because that I think that it's a time that we should never let the spirit of revival die. Amen. We've got to keep in revival constantly revived every day. Paul said he had to die daily that Christ could live. And we must never let that revival die within us. I think that's so profound. It's never a time, Brother Brandham says it's a time that we should never let the spirit of revival die. I'm preaching to you tonight by the Lord's help on the spirit of revival. We know that brother Brandham teaches us that this word revive is not something that God gives us new uh necessarily or adds to us. But a revival speaks of something that is dead that needs to be revived. In fact, if you go and look up the word revival, it means to bring back to life that which is in risk of becoming a corpse. I thought that was amazing when I read it. that revival means to bring back to life something that is in risk of becoming a corpse. Now we know that brother Benham says that the last me the last um spirit that comes the last plague that comes to the church is spiritual death. How many knows that it's it's a it's a spiritual death. Not a death naturally that we're speaking of, but a spiritual death by a death messenger would be the last plague that would fall. We find that in type in Egypt when the very last uh plague that falls in Egypt is the death angel. How many remember that? And and the only the the that all of those that were were not under the blood under the token were not spared. Listen, let me just say this that that that death that spiritual death won't discriminate based on how good you are of a person, how nice you are of a person, how good your church attendance is, how much you pay in tithes, what your last name is, how popular you how popular that you are. Uh he only he won't discriminate on any of that. The only thing that he looks for is the blood. And I'm glad that we've got the token. Aren't you glad tonight we've got the token. Brother Vam says here, he says, let me just read it again. And we must never let that revival die within us. So, we could look at this word revival and we could think of the past revivals and we could preach on those past revivals. You've had many of them come throughout even just our modern era. You could look at the Isuza revival. You can look even uh prior to that was a great healing revival that takes place. But but let me just say that I believe that God has a revival for us here today in this generation. That revival isn't not a thing that God did uh 50 years ago or even 60 years ago. But revival is something that must happen on an individual basis to every person that claims to be a Christian. We've got to have as brother Brandham says, we must let the never let the spirit of revival die. We must never let as as brother Adam says it that way. He says we should never let the revival die the revival within us. I was hearing brother Adam say this in how can I overcome and I just thought it was so good and he talked about a log that he seen a great big log and he was going to jump on into the water and he seen that log laying there and he said I'm I'm you know I can thought it looked good from the outside. So he jumps off the bank and he lands on the log. But he says, "I realized when I landed on the log that he said that it that he said it was all eaten and rotten from the inside, just had an outer core." How many ever seen that before in the woods, you know, the tree that looks strong, but as you get close to it, he says that the tree is actually rotten and that that the entire inside of it completely gone. And brother Adam says, "I think it," he says, "I thought it was so amazing." And he said, "Because here it was lo a log right by the river which is the source of life yet it was dead." And brother Brandon brings out something so amazing about that. He says, "Notice." And he says, "That's what happens to a Christian when he loses the revival, when he loses the joy of the Lord, when he loses the spirit of gladness." Now, I'm talking about a believer here. This isn't not talking about an unbeliever or a a sinner. I'm talking about a real believer, a real person who's been born again by the spirit of God. Brother Brandon says, "But you get away from the life source. You get away from the joy of the Lord, the gladness of his spirit." And he says, "You lose that power of the spirit." And he says, "What happens? You begin to rot from the inside. And all the outside looks good. And all the outside continues with the form, but on the inside, it's null and void of true life." And brother Bam says, 'I think that's the way it is just about like a Christian who gets away from God. He begins to rot. But he says, notice, a Christian by the river will rot twice as fast as a tree that was never planted by the rivers of the water in the first place. All right. And brother Brandham says that's why he says you would have been better to be a Lutheran and stay a Lutheran than to move on past that into the present light. Because when you come into the present light, Brother Brandham says, "But you don't have the life of revival, you die twice as fast." Amen. Uh, Brother Brandham says this here in Why Christ speak? I thought it was just such a good quote. I just wanted to read it. And he says, "What ought that to do to us?" Now listen to what brother Brandham says here. We need a repentance. We need a revival. And brother Brandham says, "I'm saying myself. I need a shaking. I need something. I said I was speaking to myself." Think about it. Here's brother Brandham in 1963 after the seals. And he's saying, "I'm looking at myself saying I need something myself this morning." I think if brother Brandham could be that honest, if a prophet could be that honest, how much more ought we to be able to be honest with oursel and say, 'Lord, I need a revival. Amen. I need a shaking. How many would say that? I need something. I said I was speaking to myself this morning, I need awakening up. Yes. Amen. It's incredible to me because when you think about the spirit of God that baptizes you into the body and you're sealed, but the Bible says, "Grieve not the spirit whereby you are sealed unto the day of your redemption." Brother Brandham says, "Or that means you are sealed until you are fully redeemed." So we know that all of us here as believers talking about Christians that if you've passed from death unto life, not just a state of justification or a state of sanctification or even a state of the work of the Holy Spirit in your life. Do you know that you could come to one of those stages in your life and fail to progress past that stage? Yes. Amen. Just obeying the Lord here. Just forgive me just for a moment as I as I just uh find this. It it's amazing because each stage let me say this is important but you must progress past each stage. Now I don't want to teach on this today because tonight because it's not really Wednesday would be not good for that. Don't have the robbed of the don't have the time to really lay a proper foundation. So I'm not speaking necessarily or teaching necessarily on justification or sanctification. Uh but we do know that brother Brandham all throughout his ministry never veered from that truth that a true birth is con what constitutes a true birth is water, blood, and spirit. Amen. Amen. And so notice this here that and and we we don't we don't mean when we say stage that that you've got to come through some three-step process to where okay now you're justified and and now wait a little week or two then you'll be sanctified and then wait a week or two and then you'll be filled with the spirit. Now that may be the case for some people and brother Brandham would say some people never get past justification. Some people never get past sanctification. And then some people receive a work or a gift of the Holy Ghost in their life and they never move beyond that outer element of that triune being. And because of that, that person constantly lives needing another emotional experience or another feeling that they have on their flesh. I'm not against feeling. I've said it before and I'll say it again. If you don't if you don't want to feel God and you say, "I don't like to feel God." That just proves to me you've never felt him. Because if you've ever felt him, you would never say that. You'd say, "I I want to feel him more." So, I'm not preaching against feelings, but I am preaching to say you must move beyond feelings. Because let me just say, as a son of God, there are many times I feel God and I rejoice. But there are many times I don't feel him. In fact, I feel like he's a million miles away from me. But I'm so glad to know that my position in Christ is not based on how I feel or how I don't feel or what I feel on my flesh. It's based on one thing. The blood of Christ has atoned for my sin, has baptized me into the body, and I am sealed until the day of my redemption. Satan can't take me out of there. Go. I can't even remove myself from that promise. Nothing, Paul said, shall separate me from the love that's in Christ Jesus. But you've got to move past what you feel right. Amen. As Elijah, I think of my mind as Elijah. and Elisha and he's going through the different stages of the journey and he brings him here's Elijah's leaving the scene and Elisha is going to take the mantle and Elijah brings him to Jericho he brings him to Bethl he brings him to Jordan did you know brother Brandham type those three cities with the baptism of the Holy Ghost justification sanctification and then the baptism of the Holy Ghost crossing Jordan and then a double portion of Elijah's spirit which is the token which is the Holy Ghost, which is the power of God that fell on the day of Pentecost. I'm not talking about 1906 and Isuza Street revival. I'm talking about the one revival, the one gospel that changes a man. One time forever, once and for all. Not a need to ever be filled uh to ever be sealed again, but one time you're sealed until the day of your redemption. Say, "Brother Matt, uh, is that what we believe that we have today?" My brother, my sister, I want to tell you today, the same life that Peter preached about in the book of Acts is the same life that's available to every believer, every Christian, all that it takes is a repentant heart. And God can fill that vessel. Do you realize this is what we have in this age? Because when the blood was shed at Calvary, Brother Brandham says it this way. He says in one moment, in one moment, hundreds of years of sacrificing lambs, hundreds of years of looking unto the lamb, hundreds of years of prefiguring the lamb, hundreds of years of shadowing the lamb. In one moment, all of those offerings ceased. Amen. And they were null and void because now the lamb was hanging on a cross, atoning once and for all. Hallelujah. Amen. And now the atonement was no longer the blood of bulls and goats, but the atonement that atonement, I know you've heard this before, that atonement when you break up the word means at onement. It means to bring man and Christ back in harmony, back in fellowship again. Not through a blood, not through a an animal sacrifice, not even through a high priest, not even not through a preacher, not through a prophet, not through a king. God served under those dispensations. But now there was coming the prophet, priest and king who was going to make one sacrifice, making the way available. I just heard brother man say it today. He says, "Notice when the veil of the temple was torn, it wasn't torn from the bottom to the top. It was torn from the top to the bottom showing brother Ben says because why? That that temple veil was 14 ft high." In other words, when that veil of that temple was rent, it was proving no man has done this. There's no man that can do this. It was the one man, the man Christ Jesus. Yes. Amen. And he says, "Now the way is gaping wide open." Amen. And now what was death to not enter is now death. Now what was death to enter is now death if you don't enter. Yes. Amen. This is so powerful because now that token life was no longer the chemistry of an animal, but out of that blood that was shed, there came a life. Not a law, but a life back on the worshipper. Amen. And now that life in the upper room comes in the form of the Holy Ghost and it enters on the day of Pentecost and it comes in the form the Bible says they were all in one place. They were all in one mind in one accord and tongues of cloven fire. that. Listen friends, this this what you were seeing was prophecy being fulfilled that David and Isaiah and Ezekiel and every sage and prophet had waited for the fulfillment of this one day when that law that was written on on tables of stone would now be written on the heart of men. And it would not be just some kind of dress code or some kind of willpower or determination, but it would be God changing your nature and taking the nature of your lamb and replacing your nature and giving you the nature of Christ. Amen. And that would be an atonement of sin. Yes. This is why the life that was in the word was bringing them. I I want you to catch this is so powerful here. The life that was in Christ now leaves Christ and goes into his church. Brother Random said, "All that was in God, he poured into Christ." But all that was in Christ, he poured into his church. You say, "How did they come under the atonement in the days of Moses? They had to have a literal lamb, a literal blood, and take a literal brush and apply it to the lentil and the doorpost of their home." But God was going to change that system. And now the life of the lamb, as brother Adam, the scripture says, the life the worshipper once purged has no consciousness of sin. For if the blood of bulls and goats would have perfected the worshipper, Paul says they would have continually been being offered. Amen. But what the law could not do, Christ could do. What the law was short in what the law, what couldn't the law do, brother Matt? A man could come to God, desire for God, want God's nature, but the life of that lamb could never come back on him. Oh, but I'm so glad tonight that I don't serve a God of yesterday, but that the true lamb of God and all of his benefits and all of his blessing and all of his nature can come back on my life. It could take a rotten, vile sinner worth nothing that can make him a son of God. Amen. And so now notice the life that was in that word was now bringing them under an atonement of sin. That's why when Peter goes to the house of Cornelius and the Bible says that while he yet come on somebody help me finish it spoke. Right. So, you mean it wasn't it wasn't the blood of a lamb, a literal lamb? It wasn't even the blood of Christ on a cross because, brother said, if I had a a charger, he says, or a vial of the blood of Christ, he said, it wouldn't do you any good, the literal chemistry of the blood. But now, the word. Hallelujah. Because Christ is his word. Come on, somebody help me preach here tonight. He's not a dead letter. He's not a doctrine. He's not a theory. He's not a teaching. He You can teach on him. You can have theories about him. You can make doctrines about him and still not have him. Amen. But he is his word. That's why brother man says to reject his word is to reject him. Amen. And so now the life that was in Christ is in his word. And the Bible says while Peter yet spoke the word. And he says while he yet spoke the word, the Holy Ghost fell upon them. And so what was changing? It was the dispensation no longer of the blood of a lamb, but by the passing of the word of God, by the preaching of the word of God, by the power of the cross, coming off of the Bible, out of history, coming through the mouth of a preacher, and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Why do you think Satan hates preaching? Oh, yeah. Amen. I'm talking about true preaching. because he knows that by the preaching of the word, it brings atonement to people's lives. And it fills with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Your faith mixed with the word brings forth the atonement. Amen. Listen to what brother Brandham says here in Fellowship by redemption. Before you can enter into this place, there's a blood veil hanging there for a cleansing. And you must recognize that blood as an innocent substitute through the preaching of the word brought down the veil of blood. Amen. So when Peter went to the house of Cornelius, the Bible says while he yet spoke those words, so the life of God that was in Christ was now coming to the church through the power of a spoken word. Yes. Amen. That's why the spoken word is the original seed. Can you say amen? And so that word not a dry dead intellectual word. Not even as you study it at home and you study it and that's wonderful. But listen friends, until this becomes real and a revelation inside of your heart. It's no different than algebra. It's no different some people. It is algebra to some people as as they read it. It's no different than just good. Listen friends, it's no good than just the the the Hindus or the Buddhas or or or a Muslim. Yeah. Amen. Do you realize that if the person if you don't receive him, not just his teaching, but you've got to receive him. Yes. Amen. The Bible says the letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. Amen. And so the preaching of the true word is what Paul said, "I'm not ashamed of because it's the power of God unto salvation." Amen. Hello. Amen. And so that that that word that was delivered on the day of Pentecost was was more than just a uh Peter was was more than just a man speaking, you know, uh coming under some kind of emotional anointing, but it was literally the fulfillment of prophecy. It was the fulfillment of promise. And now that you say, "Brother Matt, you're preaching on revival." That's right. I'm preaching on what started this revival. And I'm here to preach to you tonight that that's what we need to be revived back to. You say, "Brother Matt, what is a revival? Something new?" No, brother. It's taking what we've already got and God charging it with his life and it becoming so real to us that the same power that filled them in the upper room can fill us here at Bethl Tabernacle tonight. It could fill every young person. It could fill every old person. It could take the dry and the lukewarm and and set a fire underneath him. Amen. So your faith in that word, what what do you mean when you say faith? I mean revelation. Your faith in that word, believing that word brings the promise to you. Amen. Out of the Bible and to your life. Hallelujah. Well, that's good, brother Matt. Well, let me just make you a little bit. If that don't make you happy, let me make you happy. Come on. Healing of your body is in that promise. Amen. Salvation to your family is in that promise. Lost loved ones coming back and prodals coming back is in that promise. And so now, what does that promise mean to you? Now, what does faith in that promised word mean to us as a church? Amen. All of the all of the promises of God is in the word and could be are are not just a word but there are living reality waiting to make themselves manifest to us. Salvation is there. You need restoration it's there. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Bam says this here, and I just want to make sure I don't get too far ahead of myself on on something and and not be able to get to my real heart here tonight. You love him? Amen. And so, notice this here. There there's as we're preaching on revival. Thank you. Listen to what Brother Brandham says here. I thought this was so good. And I don't have this here before you, so just listen as best that that you can. Brother Bam says in the angel of the Lord and he says, "And as atheism is on the march and so forth and the churches are falling away and getting formal," let me say this to you, my dear brother and sister, if you'll receive me as your brother, we need a revival. I'm not discrediting anything. I'm talking from my heart. Amen. We're having a lot of protractive meetings, but not true revival. We have great men. For instance, Billy Graham, a wonderful man, Charles Fuller, Dr. Dhan, and many of the others that I couldn't call, Hyman Appleman, and many great men. We're having great there's also brother Roberts, brother Adams laying all these brothers. We're having these great brothers. Brother Freeman, uh, at my own meetings, he puts himself right there and he says, "We're having great protractive meetings, great stimulations." And brother Brandham says, "Listen, we're having great crowds." You say, "What is what else are you looking for, Brother Brandham? We're having great crowds, but no revival. We're getting people to come up. maybe and stagger along and confess and go back. But what we need is an oldfashioned breaking up. I love that. A tearing down. How many think of revival? When you think of revival, you don't think of breaking up and tearing down. You think of shouting and happy and joyful and dancing and gleeful. And I believe it's all of that's part of a true revival. But do we know that true revival, the true spirit of revival that started on the day of Pentecost, the Bible says that Peter started it by saying these words, repent. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Repent. And no true revival can ever come until we start with repent. Amen. And no man can do that for you. No, no, no preacher can do that for you. You can't do it for me. I can't do it for you. What it takes is the Holy Ghost to come and and and so expose ourself to ourself. Amen. Listen friends, you can beat somebody on the back. And brother Adam was against that. You know, he said, "I'm not I'm not talking about, you know, we we talk about repentance." He said, you know, so many times we get people and beat them on the back and say, "Come on, Johnny. You know, you ain't living right and you got a mother and crying and that's all wonderful and a grandmother crying. You better get right, brother says, but real repentance that might reform the man, but you don't need something to reform. You need something to transform." Yes. And a true repentance doesn't start from somebody making you feel bad, even a preacher making you feel bad or even preaching hellfire and brimstone to where you're so scared for your life. Listen friends, that's not true repentance. But true repentance is when we ourself take inventory of our own life. Not even oursel. But the Bible says that he that knoweth the heart, knoweth the mind, searcheth the heart, tryth the reigns of the spirit. Oh, I'm talking about a true uh uh Holy Ghost magnifying glass to come so close to our hearts to to to come with the light of his word. Oh, how many want they hear tonight to say, God, let your word so shine in every cavern and every part of my being, oh God. And if I need to be convicted, convict me, Holy Ghost. But don't leave me like I am. Brother Bam says, "Oh," he says, "What we need," I love this. And he says, "What we need is a great breaking up, a tearing down, a rooting out revival that starts in every home." Amen. and sweeps through the city and they close all the bootleg joints and everything and straighten the thing up. That's a revival. See, not just walking up and making a confession and going back and it's no revival. That's just form. It's a lukewarm condition. We need a revival. Preaching to you on the spirit of revival. And God help us. I'd say yes Lord to have it. Amen. He says in another place in Israel in the church he says here they go moving down. One of the writers said that God was in that pillar of fire and he looked down through with angry eyes and said what? And he said when he did the Red Sea got scared and be to move back and Israel passed on through dry land. Never even got their feet muddy. Well these guys come along said we're just as much human. Brother Brandham says, "Oh, we're just as much human as they are, and we worship the same as they do, so we'll do it." And when they got out there, they found out they couldn't make it. Amen. I want you to listen. Brother's talking about the Cheddar of Israel as they go over. Brother Brandham says, "Notice they crossed." He said, "Other said, "Oh, we're no different. We'll just go on over." And brother says, "They found out they couldn't." And that's what's going to happen one of these days, brother, when the separating time comes. And do you lukewarm church member that's trying you're trying to impersonate Christianity? One of these days you're going to try to follow that Holy Ghost band and you'll find out your wheels will come off yonder in the muddy somewhere. There was 10 virgins went to meet the Lord. Five of them were wise and five were foolish. Put oil in your lamp, trimmer bright. One of these days they're going up. Amen. The Bible says there was weeping and welling and nashing. Nashing of teeth. I believe it's a reality, friends. One day there will be weeping and welling and nashing. But I got good news. That's not today. Amen. Because today there's mercy. Today there's hope. Is there hope for me to have a revival? Brother Matt, today there's mercy. Today there's hope. Today God can stir your heart. Brother Adam says we must not let the spirit of revival die. Listen what he says here. He says the Bible predicts that the last church age, the Ladyan church age, which is a lukewarm. That's just as far as the church has got today. They got down to where maybe they can clap their hand a little bit and maybe make a little noise and jump and kick the furniture. Boy, we ain't even got that. I ain't seen none of y'all kick the furniture yet. We've got to where we can kick the furniture a little while. Listen to this. But when it comes to living a pure, holy, unadulterated, sanctified life, Amen. They're as far as the night is from the day. It's amazing because we know that the the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I'm talking about the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, changes everything about you. The Bible says, "Whoever is in Christ is a new creature, a new creation." Somebody help me. All things are passed away. Behold, all things become new. Is that right? Amen. And so, notice this here. It's It's amazing. Let let me just find my place here because it's it's incredible to me because we ask the question, I know that I'm born of the spirit of God. I know I've passed from death unto life. I know that I have the adoption robe. I have the ring of power, the signate of his union of the marriage of the lamb. I know that I've been I know that I've I'm I'm married unto Christ. I know that I've passed from death unto life. I know this. Like the woman said, I ain't what I used to be and I ain't what I and he says, I ain't what I should be, but thank God I ain't what I used to be. And so we know that something has taken place in our life. We know that something real has happened in our beyond our emotions, beyond our human intellect, beyond our own even understanding. We know that something truly has taken place. But can I just ask you here tonight, does that mean that we're finished? Come on. Does that mean God's done? No. You know, it's so amazing because so many people put the baptism I'm talking about the true seal of the Holy Ghost as the finish line. When actually it's not the finish line at all. Say, "Oh, you better cl you better back that up." Well, I ain't got a new body. I don't know about you, but I don't have a new body. This better not be the finish line. I'm glad I got the the I'm glad I got the Holy Ghost. But can I tell you what my Bible says? That the Bible calls that the earnest. That means it's just the down payment. That's right. But one day I'll get the full adoption, the full inheritance. Oh, yes. It's proof that I'll get it one day. But I'm here to tell you that that that that's not the finish line, brother. That's just you getting started in Christ. Amen. So, what is the process? I've been pondering these things lately just in my own notes, my own personal walk with the Lord. What is what is the work? Can I say it this way as I wrote it? What is the process or the work that God is doing in the lives of the born again? Amen. Baptized with the Holy Ghost, sealed into the day of your redemption. And let me just say this, when you are truly born of his spirit, not as we said as Elijah stops at at at at at at at at Jordan, stops at Bethl, stops at Jericho. You remember that in your Bible? And brother Brandham says he couldn't stop there. He had to move on past Jordan. I'm sorry, past Beth pasta Bethl. He had to move past Jericho. He had to move past the school of the prophets. Yeah. Because Jordan was waiting. Notice throughout all of that, he still had not passed from death unto life yet. Amen. And it but every stage was important, but he couldn't stop at any stage. Amen. But knowing that we pass from death unto life. Knowing that as a born again believer, you have the full authority of heaven backing up your words. I'm not talking about something that's waiting off in the misty blue. Sometimes we give the devil too much credit and allow him in when he has no right in our homes, in our body, in our children, in our minds. The devil is a squatter if he has any place. The Bible says give no place to the devil cuz he don't deserve one. He should be a homeless, the homeless bum that he is, he shouldn't have no home in the place of a believer. He shouldn't have no home in the place of a of any church of the living God. Can you say amen? He shouldn't have have no place in our mind, in our memory, in our imaginations. We shouldn't give him any thought, any thought that he tries to put in your mind. Say, "Satan, I'm not allowing you to take place. I'm going to take that thought under the the Bible says, take every thought captive uh to the power of the Holy Ghost. Cast down vain imaginations." Amen. Amen. But I'm afraid so many times we give him place. Just invite him in. That's all right. Come in. Come on. Come on. You know, you say, "Well, I he doesn't have full control." Yeah, but you're allowed him to live there in some complex. Some grudge, right? Amen. Well, all right. It's true anyway. Amen. Listen friends, the devil should have no place in our life. The devil should have no place. He should get none of our time. Not any in our recreation, not any in our entertainment, not any in our fellowship. Amen. Not any when we gossip about other people. That's given the devil place. Amen. I'm going to keep preaching whether you say amen or not. You gossip about the pastor, gossip about the preacher, gossip about your brother, gossip about your sister. That is giving the devil a place. Brother Brandham says he only he says what how much power does Satan have? As much as you give him. That's right. He has to have Brother Brandham says a spirit is powerless unless it has somebody to work or something to work through. Yes. Amen. Amen. And so we give him place when he has no place. We we we we don't exercise our God-given authority over him. Hallelujah. Amen. But can I just say if you're born of the spirit of God, a spirit, brother Brandham says, he says when a spirit born, spiritfilled man in faith takes the word in his heart and places it on his lips, it's the same as deity speaking. And every mountain, does somebody believe this here tonight? Every mountain has to go and Satan cannot stand before that man. Amen. Amen. So I believe the full power of the token life is made available to the believer. But I also know I would have to deny scripture and I would have to deny what brother Brandham taught. I would even have to deny my own personal experience to say that when I'm born again by the spirit of God, the work is completely completed and there's nothing else that the Holy Ghost needs to do to me. Come on. That would be to deny my own experience with the Lord. Amen. You say, "Brother Matt, what are you saying?" I'm saying it, well, let me make it simple. He's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. Took him just a week. I don't know the rest of the words. It's been a little kid since I sang that, but he's still working on me. There's got to be a growth, a maturity that happens. No, it doesn't mean you get more power when you're mature enough. It doesn't mean that God goes, "All right, now I'm going to give you my No, friends, when you have the Holy Ghost, you have all heaven backing you up." That's right. What more do you need other than the man, Brother Adam, I'm saying, the word on your lips is the same as deity. Amen. But there's got to be that that collectively, let me say this, collectively this is happening right now through trials, tribulations, tests, storms. And we pray, God, I want to be more like you, Lord. I want that token life. I want to be more like Jesus. And brother Brandham says, we ask for more of God. And I'm going to give you his words. And he says, "So God gives us the best he could give us, trials and tribulations." That's right. And you say, "Brother Matt, what do you believe they're sent for? For what I'm preaching on here tonight?" Yes. To take you not through just one revival, but to keep the spirit of revival alive. Amen. This isn't a oneoff. This isn't one time God did something for you, friend. It's got to be a daily revival, a daily dying. Let me give you the words of Brother Brandham. It's got to be the revival in me, the revival in you, not the revival in a church, not the revival of a of the bride. That's wonderful, but what about me? Amen. Amen. We must, as brother says, we must not let the spirit of revival die. Amen. And so collectively, this is what's happening right now to the true church. The prophet would use these words. Oh, and I don't have them here, but you could just you you could search this and it's over and over and over and over and over in the message. And he would say it, I'll just give you the most direct language he uses. He says, "And as the headstone, remember brother Brandham's word to the church." Is that the Pergamian church age? I may be getting that wrong. Ser, not the Simian. Maybe it's the Thai tyrant. And brother Adam says, I want to, he says, I he says, the Lord gave me a message. I took up my pen, told me to take up my pen. You remember that? Pick up your pen and write. And he says, and brother Adam picks up a piece of paper and he starts to read it. Here's what I'm trying to say to you. The law of reproduction. Every seed shall be shall bring forth after its own kind. And brother Brandham then goes on and he says, "And Christ will get so real in that last day true church that they will be a super church, a super race, a super people." She will be the final voice to, he says in another place, the final voice to the final age. And let me give you his language. As the headstone nears the body, those in the bride will be so much like Christ. Amen. till they are in his very power miracles. Yeah, I believe that. Amen. Brother Brandham even says in another place that you as the bride body of Christ are to perform the same works that Jesus did. Amen. Hello. You are to perform the same works that Jesus did. What is brother Bam says? What is God waiting on? The the only thing the rapture is waiting on is the readiness of his church. Amen. To have his power, to have his miracles. Yes, I believe that. But also his divine nature. As Peter says, add unto add these precious promises that are given to us. uh add to your faith, add to your knowledge, knowledge, virtue, temperance, meekness, brotherly kindness, godliness. Amen. So those in the true church will be so much like Christ till they are in his very image. Amen. That means that Amen, sister. That's right. That means that they have his power. They have his life. They have his nature. They have his love. They have his gifts. They have his fruits. They have his word because he is his word. They have even his faith. Not faith in the son of God, but the faith of the son of God. Amen. Can you say amen? And so what's happening right now collectively that true church born again filled with the spirit of God. But all the while there's a need to be honed down. Amen. And shaved down. Yes. Amen. As brother Adam says, that's what's happening. And he talks about that pyramid. He said you couldn't even get a a piece of paper. And he said it was just just to in that in that pyramid, he said to take a piece of paper to slide it through. He says because it was just cut to a razor's edge. Amen. And he says as the headstone nears the body, I can give you this quote and brother Adam says the dynamics uh you you believe we've got the mechanics. How many believe we got the mechanics? How many believe we've got the mechanics? Listen friends, we don't need another messenger to come. We don't need another message. We've got the message of the hour. Amen. What we need is the dynamics of Pentecost to come upon what we've already got. Not something new, but a revival of what God already sent. Can I just say this, brother? You might be looking for something down the road, but if what God has already sent doesn't move you, nothing coming will. There is no preacher coming. There is no prophet coming. There is no miracle going to take place. If the message that God sent doesn't stir you, then don't think anything coming will. But I'm so glad my heart can be stirred. I'm so glad I can be energized by the word of God. I believe it with all of my heart. And I say, God, I may not line up to it. I may not match it all the time, but I want to, Lord. I want to come into your image. Hone me down, Lord. Shave me down till there's nothing, not nothing, all the way down to a razor's edge. Brother Brandham says this shaving. And he says right now, and he says the dynamics of this church will be a refilling. Amen. Sounds like a revival to me. The dynamics of this church. How many believe you're part of that true church? Amen. Will be a refilling of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Yes. Amen. Which we have worked, he says, in a small measure. Amen. Hold up. Yeah. Blind eyes see. Yeah. Deaf ears heard. Yeah. Perry Green says as he's watching that little boy and he says is is his his is I think it was yeah it was blindness and he said he he watched him or or maybe it was his feet. Yes. He brother Brandham says brother Perry says I watched two feet come down and grow on that little boy. He jumped out of brother Brandham's arms and ran. Brother Perry said I was a critic until that moment and I watched that little boy jump into his dad's arms. Amen. Blind eyes seen, deaf ears were opened, even brother way different ones raised from the dead. Amen. And here's what brother Brandham says. That we have worked in a small measure. Let me go and read the rest of the quote. But as the headstone, what is the headstone, brother Matt? I'm going to tell you what it was. It's Christ in the person of his word. That's why people only seen a prophet. And some people worship a prophet. But I seen more than a prophet. Jesus said, "What came yacht to see a prophet? Yay, I say to you, more than a prophet." He was the fulfillment of word of scripture, even the book he's written in the book of Malachi. Did you know Malachi, the Jewish scholars believe that wasn't even his name? Malachi, there was no prophet named Malachi. That actually is a Hebrew word which means I looked it up today. Messenger. The book of Malachi is the book of the message. The messenger and his message. And let me say what a prophet said. As the headstone nears the body. That means that when brother Brandham left the seals were open, the trumpets were explained all the mysteries were revealed. But the headstone was still coming down to the body. That's why you feel the pressure of this age. That's why the devil fights you the way that he does. That's why God is here to encourage you and charge your faith because the headstone is nearing the body. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "And as that headstone nears the body, the full power of the Holy Ghost will be given unto her. Amen. And even the dead, brother Brandham says, that had been dead for hundreds of years will come back out of the grave. Amen. You believe that? So that headstone as it nears the body, I love that. You know why I love that so much? Because it shows me I haven't missed it. Right. Amen. Sometimes I look and I say, "Man, I don't measure up and I I I'm a million miles away and come on, get with the program. Look at you. What what you you're so lagging so far behind, but I got good news here today. The race ain't over. I still got a chance. I still got hope. I still can have a revival as the headstone nears the body." Meaning that there's a process That's right. Amen. taking place. Amen. As the headstone nears the body, he says, "It's going to take a lot of shaving down." Amen. Shaving down of me. He even includes himself. And if a prophet could, I'll include myself. Say, "Lord, there's going to take a lot of shaving down. It's going to take a lot of honing down. She's now adopted sons of daughters of God, seated together in heavenly places with Christ Jesus already. She's already seated with him. But at the same time, our bodies are not changed. Right. And can I dare say that there's even things in our own humanity that don't always match what the Bible says the true church should look like. Amen. Does that mean that you're just out? Well, if you are, I am, too. And if I am, Brother Brandham was out, too. Come on. But it takes a shaving. It takes a honing. It takes things out of our fallen nature that we are subduing and bringing under full control. I'm not talking about habits. Listen friends, if you've got habits in your life, you're still listening to the worldly music. I doubt you've even been sanctified, let alone born again of the spirit of God. The nature of Christ in you would not long for those things in your heart. I don't say that to condemn you. I say it to warn you and challenge you. If you still see the world and the thirst and appetite for the things of the world, the the spirit of God is not in you. I'm giving you the I'm giving you the words of Jesus. He that loveth this world, the love of God is not in him. Amen. I'm not talking about you trip up and you mess up and you make mistakes. I'm talking about habits in your life. If we've still got things in our life that are sinful habits, habitual lifestyles of sin. Amen. I'm not talking about those things. I'm talking about things that are in our carnal sticky nature that Brother Adam says that we will deal with as long as we're alive. That's right. Amen. I know. I know that we could name them, but but I I I I'll just I'll just make them as simple for you as I can. I I'm talking about things like our patience, cuz that's a trait of godliness. Amen. I'm talking about our temper. You can name whatever you want to put there. That's right. Amen. Talking about our confession. Amen. Negativity. Yeah. controlling our tongue. James says, "Don't you know that he that hath control over the tongue the same as a perfect man." Amen. Tieios meaning full age. And some of us sometimes struggle to even control our own tongue. Yeah. Amen. And yet the saints of God, know you not, will judge the earth. Amen. Even judge angels. You see, when you start preaching like this, you bring it down to a razor's edge. But I want to tell you, friends, that's what God's trying to get us to. Amen. Full control, our thought life. You say, "Brother Matt, what are you preaching on?" I'm preaching on my character, matching his character. Yes. Amen. This is what it means to overcome. This is what I take from brother Random's many statements. He would say until the Holy Spirit blends into the church and the church blends into Christ. And he says in another place, these last days, the true bride church comes to the headstone will be the super church, a super race. As she nears the great headstone, they will be so much like him. They will be in his very image. This is in order to be united with him. They will. This is the words of a prophet. They, who's they? You. Somebody say me. Me and Christ. Say Christ will be one. John 17. The prayer of Jesus will be answered in the body of the living bride of Christ. When he says, "Father, that that that they may be one even as I." That was the prayer of Jesus that the same unity he had with his father, you would have that same you would have that unity. You would have that unity. I say God shave me down. Hone me down Lord until I have the same mind. The mind that was in Christ Jesus living through me Lord. And he says they will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God. We either believe that or we don't. And I just say, "Lord, I believe it with all of my heart." This is what it means to be adopted. This is what the bo body change is even about. To take this body with its carnal carnality in so much to change it. I'm so looking forward to a change of this body. Amen. That's why I've said it and I'll say it again. To me, the body change is this flesh getting what my soul got when I was born of the spirit of God. Amen. This is what it means. And I'm not just sitting around waiting for a change, waiting for some misty day, some, you know, glorious day. Listen, friends, I'm waiting. I'm looking for it. But I believe that there's an activity of the Holy Ghost that wants to take place in my life right now. The Holy Ghost wants to be active. And I say, Lord, be active. Be active in not just in my soul, but in my spirit. Lord, be active, God. Uh, bring my body under full subjection to this word. Amen. How many want that here tonight? I'm out of time. Stand to your feet with me if you could. What ought it to do to us? What we need is a repentance. Amen. What we need is a revival. Could you bow your heads with me all over the building? Yes, Lord. God created me a revival. Oh, my hands go up, Lord. Let me be the revival. Sometimes Lord, we spend our whole life waiting for others to change, waiting for people to change, waiting for circumstances to change. And we miss that the change you want to do is not in others, not in people, but it's in us. So I just say Lord change me start with me Lord make me Lord that revival the revival in me make me if I don't Lord make me to hunger make me to thirst if I don't thirst for you Lord then create a thirst for you and you alone. If I don't hunger for your word, then Lord, I just ask quite simply in simple faith, put a hunger there for your word, Lord. Let it be my daily bread. Oh, let me go h let me have an appetite, Lord, to consume it, to consume Christ, the word. Not a one-time experience. Not something that happened years ago. Let me hunger for that fresh fresh kill of the word, that fresh carcass, that fresh mana. I'm so sick of the things of this world, feeding off the things of this life, sick and tired of the filth of this lady I see and age. Lord, I have no appetite for those kind of things. Forgive me if I fed on them too much, Lord. Forgive me if I've looked at them too much. Forgive me, Lord, if I became distracted. I just want to feed on you, Lord. God, would you create in me? I got hands raised to say this. Would you create in me that which is needed in me? Let me from this hour be thine more, more more dedicated servant, more consecrated, more blessed, more able, more humble. Yes, Lord. More humble, more kind. Yes, Lord. More kind, more willing to forgive and forget than to hold on and to pay back. [Music] more looking to those things which are positive and not the negativity that this world so wants to feed me. Let me be the revival. Lord, help me to forget those things. How many want that? that are in the past and are negative and let me press every day of my life. Let me press towards the mark of the high calling of Christ. Oh, that's our desire, isn't it, friends? God, let me just say, don't let the spirit of revival die. God, if I if I if I'm in need of it, let me be honest enough to admit it. I need a revival, Lord. I need a fresh outpouring of the surge of the Holy Ghost to flow through and charge my very being. Not just more church and more church and more church. As your prophet taught us, revival isn't passed down from generation to generation. Even your word, even your your your Old Testament prophets taught us that you visit good things upon two and three generations. And if there's bad things and cursing, you'll visit it upon two and three generations. Lord, it makes us realize that we can live off two generations and live off the life of a revival. Three generations. That'd be 60 years ago. But if we don't light the fire again, if we try to live off the past of what happened yesterday 60 years ago, Lord, we'll be just like that lady you see in church with matter in her eyes, unable to see ourself. So God, I just ask with my hands raised, Lord, come and bring a fresh revival to me, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Lord, you dealt with my heart even today, God. And it wouldn't leave my my mind, my spirit. Never let the spirit of revival die. And I just raised my hands, Lord, and said, "I need it, God. I need a revival. Lord, I'll be honest. I'll be the first one on this Wednesday night prayer meeting. I'll be the first one. If nobody else is willing, I'll be the first to say, "Brother Matt needs a revival." He needs it to start at the very soul, the very altar of his own heart. I need it, God. I need a fresh outpouring. I need a fresh light. I need a fresh vision. I pray you'd give it to me, Lord. I repent of myself. I repent of my sins. I repent of yesterday. I'm asking, God, for a fresh outpouring, not a one-time, not a one-off, but a daily striving. Your prophet said it was so easy in those days. He caught it easy just to be called a Christian. You could be your would would cost your life. And your prophet said it was so easy for them to get off the hook so easy. They could just confess Christ and be martyed and they're gone sealed. Testimonies over. It's what he called easy. He says, "Oh, but it's so much more harder for us because now we don't give. It's not those that have given, but a crown to those who have striven. Now, it's not about giving our life and sealing our blood with our testimony, but it's a daily striving, a daily dying, a daily grinding, a daily pressing, a daily pushing out, a daily emptying out and letting you come and fill me once again. So Lord, here I am saying, I'm empty, Lord. I'm emptying all of myself. And I'm asking you, God, to refill me once again. Lord, grant it Jesus, I pray my heart. Could we sing it, friends, [Music] today, oh [Music] may Yes. Yes, Lord. [Music] Search me. [Music] Oh, let's sing this like a prayer now before we gather and take our knees. See, there be there be some wicked way in me. We all [Music] me and [Music] free. Search me, oh God. Oh, search me, oh God. Could we raise our hands and sing to the Lord? And know my heart today. And know my heart today. Try to be your savior. [Applause] Try my friends. Heat. Heat. Somewhere in me. Is this your desire? [Applause] and set me that last verse free. Yes, I love this. Oh, we go. Yes, Lord. who comes through the prayer. So send a revival [Applause] sing revival. Start the work. Start the work. Oh, we should all raise our hands. We should all tell him that today. Start with me. Jesus. Here's what it says. Thou west. Sing now. Lord, I come on and gather. Let's all gather up to the front tight. Got a thin crowd, so come in close. [Music] Oh, search me, oh God. Give me the second verse. And me from sin. [Music] [Applause] and make me feel. Yes, Lord. With fire. Oh, do you feel that way? church. Where was where was I? Yes. [Applause] die to magnify my thy [Music] name. Amen. That's our prayer. Amen. How many want that? To search me, Lord. Amen. Search me. See if there be any way. Amen. And me. I love those words to that old song. I tell you what, we don't sing those old ones enough. I don't sing those enough. I should say those words are so rich. Revival fire comes from thee, Lord. Amen. We believe that we have prayer requests here. I just want to make sure we get them all. My dad uh please pray for brother Jason uh for lying flu symptoms. That's right. Also, my uncle Troy is in the ER waiting for test results. Amen. We want to remember Amen. Brother Troy. Um, non with non-stop heart palpitations. This is Uncle Troy. Okay. So, that's my grandma's sister Connie. My aunt Connie, great aunt Connie. Her husband has heart palpitations. He's diagnosed uh has a diagnosed heart condition that they're concerned about. Amen. Also from brother Josh Buckman. I have a quick prayer request for tonight. I'll be streaming from home tonight due to a stomach bug. Um, also Belle and I are flying to Tokyo on Saturday and Caleb and Julia flew out today. So, I'm praying for Traveling Mercy's there and back. Also, one prayer praise report. Belle has been trying to find a job in Buford. She interviewed today and was hired on the spot. Praise the Lord. Glad for that. So, we want just to not miss the request there for brother Josh for his stomach. Also, Traveling Mercy's there to Tokyo. They're getting to go there. So, know he was excited about that. So, we want the Lord to sure bless their time while they're there. Also from Brother Brad who's here tonight. Prayer for Sarah. She's in the hospital with a high heart rate that won't come down. Also, an infection they found in one of her lungs. Please pray that we'll get a room opened up for her. Amen. We're going to pray and believe for our sister Sarah. From brother JD, please keep me in prayer. I'm flying up to Edmonton Youth Camp. I'm feeling a bit worn down with a minor cough. the Lord in my body. The Lord and my body are fighting it off but feeling worn down going into it. Need the strength of the Lord. Brother Ken Booze writes in, "I have a special unspoken prayer request tonight. I know Brother Tony also not able to be here lead worship tonight. His family gone. I know he's uh not feeling well and if there's any that I'm missing, I think I got one text." Um, also, yes, my uh son Gideon's uh former when he played high school basketball had a coach. Coach Paul is a Christian man, wonderful man from Ridgeland. And uh our family certainly liked him a lot. He was just a real good uh real real good person. So, he's been diagnosed with a very late stage, I don't know what it was, but late stage cancer. And so, they wanted us to to remember uh Coach Paul tonight. I don't see any other requests. Um, make sure I'm not missing any. Amen. Amen. Maybe you have something upon your heart. You didn't get time to turn in. You just want to raise a hand and believe. Why don't we just bind our faith together? Put your arm over on that person beside you. Let's just bind our hearts together in faith. Lord, we have serious needs, God, that been read, Lord. And if it were up to us, we'd be at a loss, Lord, for any of them. Wouldn't know what to do, Lord Jesus. For that's the strength of men. That's the strength of good doctors, Lord. Even, Father, have good tools and good medicine. But sometimes, Lord, they're the they they the answer, the only answer can be found in you, Lord. And we look to you. We look to your promises tonight, Father, Lord. But we look to a cross, something that has already been completed. Your prophet taught us if Jesus were standing here in flesh, he couldn't do any more for us than he already did, Lord. So we claim that blood right now as a church behalf of my dad, Lord, who's suffering at home. God, I pray that you'd be a healer to him right now. God, may you restore him to full strength. Satan, we rebuke you and and rebuke this attack of the enemy of sickness coming through affecting our church. Pray for all of those, Lord. the request that we've turned in with various sicknesses. Sister Sarah, Lord, in the hospital now, Brother Josh with the stomach bug. Brotherh brother Brother JD not feeling well. Troy, Lord, even with this need in the ER, God, but I just have one thing to say. You are greater than all of these requests, Lord. Your word is still the same today as it was when it was written. And we're believers of it, God. your prophet taught us, as long as there's a person who will believe the word, it proves there's still a God who will back up that word. So God, we believe it, we claim it, we confess it tonight in Jesus' name for all of these requests, Lord. And Father, if I missed any, Lord Jesus, may you forgive me, brother Ken. Lord, this special unspoken need, Lord. for all these hands that have an unspoken prayer request upon their heart. Lord, may we see testimonies come from these requests on this Wednesday night prayer meeting. Lord, for Coach Paul, Lord, also for Anelise, Lord, I'm reminded who's home sick. I pray, God, that you'd bring healing. May a wave of healing, Lord, the son of righteousness arise with a healing in his wings upon our whole church. Lord, may we come back here Sunday full strength, Lord Jesus. God, may you deliver Sister Sarah, God, suffering there in the hospital right now. God, you are that you're the need meter. We believe, Lord God, that you're that nothing, Lord God, is too hard for you. As you told Abraham, Lord, nothing's impossible as you said to those that believe. And we are believers of your promises tonight. Meet every single one, Lord, in their request. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You got something else we could sing? Oh, could we raise our hands and sing that like a prayer to the Lord? Create in me a clean heart. Create me a clean heart. Oh God, that's our prayer. and renew arise spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away. Oh, and cast me not away from my presence and take my holy spirit. Yes. Restoration arise. Yes. Let's see one more time before. Oh, cast me out. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. All the joy, all the joy, my salin. Amen. We have any testimonies before we go. I want to make sure we have an opportunity. Got that microphone wireless somewhere. Amen. Give brother Enoch different ones a chance. You can keep playing something soft, but Amen. I think this is on, brother Brad. Is that on? There we go, Enoch. Amen. All right. So, a couple weeks ago, I fell off my bike and I busted my lip um really bad. I think my tooth almost went through it and it was really bad. But luckily, God started healing it right away. And now I am 100% recovered. Not even a scratch. Amen. Thank God. Amen. Praise the Lord. You believe God can do that? Amen. Anybody else got a testimony? Yeah. Brother, who said that? Go ahead, brother. On behalf of my wife who um had She doesn't even know I'm going to give you the testimony. Um, so her cousin Elena was having a baby and her due date was coming up and the baby would not flip over to so that it could be born and it they were basically saying like you're going to have a C-section and she really didn't want a C-section cuz a lot of health complications come up with that. So they were praying and everybody was praying and uh Kate came up and had brother Jason pray with her I think on a Sunday and then within a couple of days the baby cuz they were trying to flip the baby trying to do all kinds of stuff couldn't get flip over baby just flipped over and they had that baby with you know no C-section and that was really meant a lot to everybody. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Anybody else? One time two times anybody got our testimony? All right. Well, turn around and shake somebody's hand. Yes. Yeah. Is that okay, Belair? Yes. Go ahead. Give that to Hannah. Uh, so, um, I don't remember it. Okay. Well, I'll do it another time. She doesn't. Okay. That's all right. Well, give the Lord a hand anyways. You know God did something good. Amen. Let's sing something upbeat before we go everywhere. With the fire that fell at Pentecost and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can see Yeah. Heat. world. We have all receive in Jesus name and our far is yet the same.
