################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 20250525 - The Motivating Force of Our Life - Bro. Jonathan Martin - Jonathan Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    20250525 - The Motivating Force of Our Life - Bro. Jonathan Martin
Speaker:  Jonathan Martin
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vEzMYyc9hI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] You are [Music] here among us for we have gathered in your name. Amen. Let's stand. We can feel your presence in this place. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. You are here among us. For you are thrown upon our praise. You are here here to heal and here to save. Yes. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. You are here in our midst. Hallelujah. How we waited for moments like this. Have your way in this place. Holy Spirit, come do as you wish. We are changed as you move in our mid. First verse. You are here among us for we have gatherred in your name. We can feel. Amen. Praise the Lord. In this place you are here among us. You are enthroned upon the praise. You are here here to heal and here to save. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. You are here in our midst. How we've waited for moments like this. Have your way in this place. Holy Spirit, come do as you wish. We are changed as you move. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. As we gather. Amen. Let's sing that. Praise the Lord. As we gather, may spirit work within us. As we gather, may we glorify your name, knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be blessed because we came. We'll be blessed because we came. As we gather, may your spirit work within us. Yes. Amen. As we gather, may we glorify your name, knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be blessed because we care. We'll be blessed because we came. Amen. Praise the Lord. And that's a promise. We'll be blessed if we gathered in his name today. And it's our it's our honor to be able to glorify him and to worship him in spirit and in truth. Praise the Lord. Let's uh I'm going to sing number 35. I ask brother David to come and open in prayer and uh we welcome our visitors. Good to have everybody with us. We got almost got a full pew back there from Lufand. It's pretty good. Praise the Lord. Welcome. God bless you. And so uh we're going to remember to pray for brother Jonathan of course as he brings the word of the Lord and he'll be traveling back tomorrow as well. So we keep him in prayer as he travels. Uh, everybody been blessed. Past two nights been wonderful, hasn't it? Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh, and also remember, of course, Sister Laris, Laura Snow, and Brother Nelson Guy, Brother Gordon as well as he recovers. May God be with each and every one. If you have a need this morning, just hold it upon your heart as we approach the throne. And may God just minister to each and every one of us today. Touch us in a special way. I know we're probably tired, but let's cast the tiredness aside and put our energy into hearing the word and to worshiping God, bringing them on the scene. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing that. Just another touch. We had a touch last night for sure and on Friday night as well. May God continue to touch us today. Praise the Lord. [Music] Just another touch, Lord, from you. Amen. To help in hard trials I go through. Though dark may be the night, you send a ray of light. When I get a touch, Lord, from you. Oh, just another touch, Lord, from you. Amen. To help in our trials I go through. Though dark may be the night, you'll send a ray of light when I get a touch, Lord, from you. Sing it again. And just another touch, Lord, from you to help in our trials I go through. Amen. Though dark, maybe even night, you'll send a ray of light when I get a touch from you. Amen. As brother David comes, I didn't mention two other requests. Sister Cassandra and the girls are sick and they're home today. Sister Nadine is working and won't be here as well. So just continue to pray for them. Amen. Brother [Music] David, Blessed Lord, we just humbly come before you, Lord, asking your grace towards each one. May you not leave one out, Lord, today. But you're blessed, Lord. Everyone that's gathered there, Lord, because we're just common folk, Lord, we're just poor human beings, Lord, trusting to you, Lord. So Lord, we ask your grace, mighty God, that your blessings, Lord, with your presence here, Lord, we know we all come in vain, Lord, if you're not with us, Lord. Your word says, Lord, that you know no other god but you. So who are we Lord to know another God? You see you're the only savior Lord. So there's no other savior but you. So Lord there's nowhere else for us to go Lord but to you. But we're so honored and so glad Lord that you are that you are the mighty God. We poor miserable people Lord. If there was no God to serve Lord we only have a life that this life be all over. But Lord, you're so powerful and so mighty Lord you're so eternal. You give us eternal life. So Lord, we should be happy Lord. And please Lord in our walk with you Lord to have such a blessing. We just ask your grace today Lord as you'll bless Jonathan Lord with your word Lord. You'll touch him. Lift him enough oh God in heavenly places. Lord give him courage and boldness Lord to speak Lord. Thus sayeth the Lord, let him not be afraid, Lord, to speak with on his heart that you would serve him, Lord, as he will serve you today, Lord, to to serve us here, Lord. We may we gather, Lord, your word onto our hearts and soul, Lord. And may it accomplish, Lord God, what you set it out to do. May your word go forth over power, Lord. And whatever, Lord, you want to say to us, Lord, say to us, Lord, and let us receive it, Lord, the same. I'm pray Lord for all the prayer requests. Mighty God that you'll answer each prayer Lord according to your perfect will your riches in glory Lord and Lord that prayer request is on our hearts Lord today you know those too Lord we just ask your grace towards each one so bless us now Lord we wait on you Lord and all the prayer requests Lord has been mentioned Lord that you not leave one out Lord we remember what our day oh Lord is almighty God we look to heo Lord He walked off the earth when he was 365 years old. You're not too old yet. So bless him, Lord. We ask, might you go, bless all those, Lord, they got ailments, Lord, or disease, Lord. Bless each one, Lord. Answer prayer for each one. And Lord, we commit this service into your hands, mighty God. We ask you to forgive us where you where we failed you, Lord. But for sure we have failed you. Help us, Lord, to do better, Lord. We hear your word, Lord. disciples of old Lord that you said unto them. Who did they say that I am the son of man? They didn't catch on Lord that you were the son of man and the son of man is God. Do you hear again here today Lord the son of man you're in the pillar of fire Lord. Lord be in our hearts now Lord we ask you to join us today Lord here Lord in this service Lord and Lord just have your own way Lord and you have your own way Lord and let that be our way into your hands blessed Lord in Jesus Christ name amen God bless you be seated amen praise the Lord good to be in the House of the Lord. Bless the Lord. We also greet those online today. God be with each and everyone. Amen. 1150 Bloodbot Church. Amen. This will get the tiredness out of it. Out of us. Amen. They shall lift up their voice. They shall sing for joy. They shall cry aloud. and be free. They shall glorify the name of the Lord. It's the bloodborn, the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force with a shout of praise and a twoed sword. Every stronghold of his fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner and captain must be free. Amen. Praise the Lord. Has come through the power of the son. It's the bloodbought that church the redeemed. Oh, pick up your heart, oh Zion of the Lord. Let the earth rebirth with his praise. All his children rejoice from the islands of the sea. It's the glad the church the redeemed they may. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. That can stop this mighty moving force with a shout of praise and a twoed. Every stronghold of bindings for beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. Can't not mar. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let the earth be silent with the cease to blow. Every created being f your wings. There's a new song beats up with a brand new melody. It's the bloodbought. The church, the redeemed. Hallelujah. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force with this shout. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. In the blood, the church, the redeemed. Let the earth be silent wind cease to blow. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. There's a new song being sung with a brand new melody. It's the blood. Hallelujah. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving course. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner have captured. My deliverance has come to the power of the sun. It's the blood that turns the redeemed. We are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood. Amen. Praise the Lord. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. With a shout of praise and a twoed sword, every stronghold. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Every prisoner held captive must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the son. It's the blood, the church, the redeemed. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Isn't it great to know we're part of that army of God? Amen. Praise the Lord. 7:57 He has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Amen. Trust that's the way we've come today. Amen. I will enter his gaze with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day. Amen. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gaze with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. Hallelujah. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Hallelujah. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm glad. I hope everybody's glad. Amen. A lot to be glad about. Let's sing 805. And that is I keep falling in love with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. It gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and praise the Lord. Let's sing that again. And I keep falling in love with him over and over and over. Hallelujah. again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Amen. Let's sing. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 42. Fill my cup, Lord. And we have a special two specials this morning. Sister Nikki, we're you're going to come first. You come as we sing this. and uh sister Marvin will come right after that. So be in prayer for them. Let's sing this as we worship him for another moment. Fill my cup. Ask him to do that this morning. Fill my cup Lord. I lift it up Lord. Hallelujah. Come and quench this thirsting my soul. Hallelujah. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Is my God. Hallelujah. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. Lord, I lift it up, Lord. Come and this thirsting of my soul. Hallelujah. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Build it up and make amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] It's a challenge to accept. It's a faith to rise into. It's a way I can show the world that Jesus Christ is true. It's a life to live. A testimony blameless. Living for Christ. Standing every day. I've got a proof that I'm one in a million. I've got to show the power of the blood. I've got to prove I'm not like those from Satan's Eden. I've got to show that I'm a person that this world isn't worthy of true representatives of Christ in the field that you've been placed in the joy of your life within is blowing on your face. Living humbly, following the ways he showed a true witness of Christ in this day. I've got to prove that I'm one in a million. I've got to show the power of the blood. I've got to prove I'm not like those from Satan seated. I've got to show that I'm a person that this world isn't worthy of who are the ones that going to stand and live a testimony clean in the midst of an unbelieving world. Keep looking to the unseen to really know that we will overcome and receive his promise to sit on his throne. I've got to prove that I'm one in a million. I've got to show the power of the blood. I've got to prove I'm not like those from Satan's Eden. I've got to show that I'm a person that this world isn't worthy of. And I've got to prove that I'm one in a million. I've got to show the power of the blood. I've got to prove I'm not like those from Satan's season. I've got to show that I'm a person that this world isn't worthy of. One in a million. One in a million more. Oh, what a position have received. when I call from God and it's not by any merit or any good thing I have done. It's only by his grace, the sovereign grace of my God. For I am one in a million. One in a million more. Oh, what a position. I've received an I call from God. And it's not by any merit or any good thing I have done. It's [Music] only grace. The sovereign grace of my [Music] God is choosing and placing. Why today I stand by his side. [Music] I appreciate your prayers for this. Um, I'm definitely more comfortable on my guitar, but this song is better on the piano and as brother spoke about challenges and today is my challenge. So anybody can pray for me [Music] please. Help me out for you, Lord. When I'm not feeling my best and my body's needing rest, I can wipe away my tears. I can change the atmosphere. When I'm not feeling my best and my body's needing rest, I can wipe away my tears. I can change the atmosphere. [Music] When my heart is overwhelmed and I can't seem to calm myself, if I can just get my mind clear, I can change the atmosphere. When my heart is [Music] overwhelmed and I can't seem to calm myself, if I can just get my mind [Music] clear, I can change the atmosphere. If you're tired of struggling and you need a song to sing, you can turn your sadness to cheer. You can change the atmosphere. So if you're tired of struggling and you need a song to sing, turn your sadness into [Music] cheer. You can change the atmosphere. For we are more than conquerors. Jesus told us in his word we can push away all fears. We can change the atmosphere. Help us Lord. But we are more than conquerors. And Jesus told us in his word we can push away all fears. We can change the [Music] atmosphere. Through Christ we have authority. He help us so far. Our praises make the darkness fair. And he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. Through Christ we have authority. Our praises make the darkness flee. and he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. For we are more than conquerors. Jesus told us in his word we can push away our fear. We can change the atmosphere through Christ. We have authority. Our praises make the darkness flee. And he promised to be near. So let's change the atmosphere. Oh Lord, you promise to be near. Help us change the atmosphere. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Invite him. He'll come on the scene. When he comes, the enemy goes and changes the atmosphere. Amen. Great songs, two of them. We just enjoyed both of them. Wonderful. Amen. He's certainly here, isn't he? Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay, let's let's sing. 11:48 up there and it is day by day and with each passing moment. Strength I find to meet my trials here. Trusting in my father's wise bestowment, I no cause for worry or for fear. Day by day and with each passing moment, strength I find to meet my trials here. trusting in my father's wise bonement. Amen. I've no cause for wor for fear. He whose heart is kind of on me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. is part of it and pleasure mingling toil with peace and hallelujah. Every day the Lord himself is near. Yes. Hallelujah. With a special mercy for each other. All my cares he f would bear and cheer me. Yes. Amen. He whose name is counselor and power. The protection of his [Music] child is a child. Then on shall be laid. As thy name, thy strength shall be in me. This a pledge to me. Amen. Let's dance. I'll be there in every triulation. Oh, to trust thy promises, oh Lord, that I lose not sweet [Music] consolation offer. Hallelujah. in thy holy word. Help me Lord to draw here to take as from the father's hand. One by one, the days of moments fleeting till I reach the pro land. Amen. Just hold a second. Just hold a second. We're going to I just wanted to say something here about the second verse that uh you know there's a tre tremendous blessing in this uh there isn't the entire song but I just wanted to say that when uh things sometimes get down and we go through a trial remember this that the protection of his child and treasure were a treasure to him. He it's a charge that he took on himself. He didn't give that to anybody else. He said, "I'll be with you and I'll be in you right until the end." What a privilege that is to understand that we are his children and he won't let anything happened to us. And if if something does happen, it's for our own good anyway. You see, we've already won. Doesn't matter. Like I say, we we know the end. We we see the end of the book. We read the last chapter. We know we've won by grace. He'll look after us and he'll guide us through it. He's done it for me. He's done it for all of us. I'm sure. So, I just wanted to say and emphasize that point that we are his treasure and he won't let us fall by grace. Let's sing that as we turn it over to brother John. Amen. The Lord himself is nearing with the special mercy for each child. All my cares he fame would bear and cheer me. He whose name is counselor and power and the protection of his child and treure is a charge that on himself he laid. And as I take thy strength shall be immeasured. This the pledge to me. He made. Amen. Wonderful. Amen. God bless you this morning. Want to greet our visitors. We've got Ethan and Adriana here. We've got Sarah and Leonard here. We've got Brother Abby, Sister Olive here. Amen. Very good to see each one of you. Amen. Good to see sister Kimberly here this morning as well. God bless you and Wesley as well. Amen. We thank the Lord. Amen. For his touch. Amen. I've certainly enjoyed the preaching this weekend. Good to have brother Jonathan Martin here with us. I've enjoyed the specials. Amen. Thank you for your sacrifice. And before service, I was reading Psalm 107 and he said this. David said, "Oh, that men would praise the Lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men, for he satisfyth the longing soul and fillth the hungry soul with good things." Verse 20, he said, "He sent his word." He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destruction. And then he said, "Then they cry unto the Lord." Verse 28, "In their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses. He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still." Then are they glad because they be quiet. So he bringeth them unto their desired haven. Amen. And then he says, "Oh, that men would praise the Lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men." Amen. We've got reason to worship him this morning, don't we? Amen. We're going to sing that song, I worship you, Almighty God, as we turn it over to Brother Jonathan. And it's always the toughest service to preach. It's the end of the weekend. And you know what? If we're honest, we're all tired. It's a good tire, but we're tired. Amen. But let's give everything we've got. We've got a meal prepared for the fellowship afterwards. Let's just let's just enter in body, soul, and spirit this morning. Amen. Let's give everything we've got to the word. Amen. Let's pull on the gift and let's trust God to do something special in each and every one of our lives. If you haven't got what you needed, you say, "Lord, I'm here to get what I need this morning." How do you get it, church? You worship and you praise him before. You thank him before. You go in with a thankful heart and you say, "Lord, I'm trusting you to meet the need this morning." Amen. And we've got a special message this morning. Amen. I'm in great expectation and trusting you are as well. Amen. God bless you. Let's sing this. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For you are my rightous. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Hallelujah. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. The prince of peace that is all my love. [Music] I give you praise for you are my [Music] rightous mighty God. There is none like you. Aren't you glad that you can honestly say that our God is not like any other God? Our God is the living God. There's many gods, thousands upon thousands upon thousands of gods. Anything that is worshiped can be made into a god. But there's only one true living God. And that is the God that proves himself alive. He's the God that knows our hearts. He knows our needs. He knows situations in life. He's the God that promised that he would walk with us and talk with us. He redeemed us for the sole purpose of fellowship because where he is, he wants us to be. That is a powerful truth. That's a powerful revelation that his one desire is where I am, you will be also. So he made a way for it. And that is through the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. He made a way. And then he come back in this uh in this hour in spirit form and through his word to provide a way that we can have faith for the rapture. That is a great great thing. He's not left us without witness. He's not left us without strength. He's not left us uh all alone in this dark evil age. But God himself has come to us and he's revealed himself to us. And it's good to be a Christian. It's good to know where we stand. It's good to know uh it's it's good to be positionally placed in the Lord Jesus Christ and and to know him and the power of his resurrection. You can be seated for just a few moments. We want to say again what a real honor and privilege it has been to be here. It's uh just been a real uh delight to minister the word to you and uh to just feel your pull and uh the desire and love that you have for God and his word and uh should I move over to this mic? I'm sorry. I I can do that. It's uh just uh been a real uh real encouragement and and blessing to me uh as well just to be here and and feeding upon the word of the Lord with you and uh God just coming and moving mightily and and uh just visiting hearts and lives. And I believe that God has stepped off of the pages of the Bible and just walking the aisles and coming and right where you're sitting in the pew. And I think that I believe not just think, but I believe I know that he's still a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And and again, we bring uh greetings from our pastor, Brother Wayne Lawson. And uh my wife and my family brings their greetings as well. and and um uh just give give our love to you. And uh you know, I I think I'm going to try to sing a song have to put your fingers in your ears and okay, maybe you will. But this is a song that uh the Lord had given me a few a few years back. No greater love has ever been felt than on that day. Jesus forgave. No sweeter voice has ever been heard than when he spoke my name. I've never been the same. You see, I was lost in the world. Left bruised, battered, and sore. defeated in my sin. No strength to rise again. The blood of Christ remained. Death sin was saved. I could go free now in Jesus name. Love had prevailed. By stripes I healed. The weight of sin that held me fast and being rolled away. There is now faith. Confidence in grace. The life I once lived is completely changed. All because of grace. At the end only love can win. Perfect love. It's Christ living within his sovereign grace, taking the place of all the hurt, the bitterness and pain. The memories of all the sin and shame. Of all the days you tried to walk away, the blood of Christ remains. Death's hand is stained. You can go free now in Jesus name. Love has prevailed. By his stripes you're healed. The weight of sin that held you fast has been rolled away. There is now faith. Confidence in grace. The life you once lived is completely changed. changed. All because of grace. It's all because of [Applause] [Music] grace. Amen. Aren't you grateful? and his grace for our lives. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we're just going to uh turn to Ephesians the 1 chapter and begin reading from uh verse three. And we'll uh just go down to the uh 10th verse and then we will I would love to just read the whole chapter. It's so good. But um we're just going to go to the 10th verse and then go over to the 15th and read down to the 20th verse. And then we'll also uh read out of Colossians the third chapter beginning at verse one. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children, by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom, in prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him. And now let's just go down to uh the 15th verse. Wherefore I also after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus and love unto all the saints cease not to give thanks for you making mention of you in my prayers that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ the Father of glory may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. the eyes of your understanding being enlightened, that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints, and what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe according to the working of his mighty power, which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places. Now, let's just go over to Colossians the third chapter. We'll read the first four verses. If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. For you are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory. When we're reading that fourth verse, that word appear could be uh in its place could be manifested so or revealed. So when Christ who is our life shall be manifested or shall be revealed then shall you also be manifested with him in glory. What a great word that is. Now just may God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated. I would like to take for a text the motivating force of our life. We've also uh we've often heard uh of motives and objectives and we are motivated by spirit. uh looking looking in the different uh such as like maybe the music industry uh back in the uh maybe the 50s the 60s you had uh Elvis Presley, you had Pat Boon and uh then of course all the way up to the modern age you've got the different uh the different uh you know modern uh singers and kings. But I'm reminded of how that uh the prophet would say that he was in Africa and way back in in the jungle and uh someone had a a radio and they were listening to uh Pat Boon and Elvis Presley and uh they were shaking and dancing and doing odd things that uh that the uh the natives were just looking at them very strange, wondering what was taking place. And it was because that there was a something that was making them do that to act that way. And it was because of were motivated by spirit and there was something that was motivating them to do that. And we find that uh the prophet would say that your anointing tells on you. Whatever your spirit is moves you, you're motivated by a spirit. And if the spirit of Jesus Christ is on the Christian, the believer, no wonder he's a peculiar person. There's something moving in him. And so we find that every nation is made up of of a national spirit. You have the uh American spirit. You've got a Russian spirit, German spirit, a French spirit. You've got a Canadian spirit. Uh regardless of where you live, there is a spirit that is driving that country. And so the Americans, they act like Americans. the Germans, they act like Germans and and so on because it's their national spirit. But Christians, we have a national spirit and that's the Holy Spirit coming from God out of heaven that makes us act like that. Uh it it makes you conduct yourselves as they do up there because you are of another world. uh you know as an American I live in America and and uh you know I would be identified as an American you're identified as a Canadian but that's only uh our body part our physical uh but the soul that conducts us which is our character is from above and so we live from above as Paul would say that We are not born of uh uh the natural the earthly Jerusalem uh the natural city Jerusalem which was in bondage at that time. Uh we're not born of the natural but we're born of the heavenly the new Jerusalem which is freeborn. And and so uh we we conduct ourselves our character is not of the natural city but of the heavenly city. Uh uh we could take the cities the seven church ages and and Ephesus and all the way down to the leota. And the reason that every church age was named after a city because that city had a particular character of that age. But we have come to the leot church age which is lukewarm and cold and formal and has rejected the spirit of Christ out of the church. But we are not identified as Leotans. But we are actually identified with the heavenly city, the new Jerusalem. And that is the city that has been prepared for you and I. So the prophet would say it like this. It is a prepared people for a prepared city. Amen. So God is molding our character to match that city which is holy, righteous, pure. It's perfect in every way. So God made a way by the blood to perfect us and mold our character through trials and through uh great adversities. He's molding our character to perfectly match that city. Now what is motivating us is his holy spirit. That's a wonderful thing because Jesus would say that uh if if my subjects if I was from above he's telling them I'm not from above I or I'm not from below I'm from above. And he would say that if my kingdom was of this world then my subjects would fight for me. He says, "But my kingdom is not of this world. It's from above." And then he would tell us that the kingdom of God is not in a certain location. Uh if someone comes and tells you you need the kingdom of God is in America, don't believe them. If they try to tell you it's in Jeffersonville, don't believe them. If they tell you that it's in a it's in a another province in Canada, don't believe them. Amen. The kingdom of God is in you. Isn't that a great revelation? Amen. That Jesus was imparting to us, the kingdom of God is not in a certain location per se in the world, but the kingdom of God is in you. So wherever you are, you are representing another kingdom from another world. And now we would find that Paul would say in first Corinthians the 4th chapter the 20th verse, he would say it like this, the kingdom of God is God's word made power. What is the kingdom of God is within you. The kingdom's in you. And when the word comes in there, now I'm quoting I'm quoting a prophet now. When the word comes in there, what does this word begin? It turns itself into power, making it say just exactly what it said. So notice what this power, the Holy Ghost is God's power coming into your life. And notice what the Holy Ghost is going to do. It's going to make you say exactly what the word says. Amen. You're not going to add to it. You're not going to take away from it. But you're going to allow the Holy Ghost to shape your life and your confession to the word of God. You can't say that it says this when it really says this and then make the word work and live. You've got to say the same thing it says. And that makes a real confession. Amen. You're not trying to polish it up a little bit. You're not trying to, you know, add some more wisdom to it, but you're saying exactly what the word says. Now, isn't that what Jesus said? When he, the Spirit of truth, comes, he will lead and guide you into all truth. Amen. So stay with the word. There it is. And it makes it power. You see, it'll make it Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. So when the when the word becomes power by the Holy Ghost dwelling in you, then everything Jesus was yesterday, it will manifest him the same today. Amen. Jesus said that he that believeth in me, the works that I do shall he do also. If you abide in me and my word in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. If you abide in me and my word in you, uh what it you've got to get with the word, get yourself killed out. Now, he's showing us the secret to all of this is you've got to get with the word and you've got to get all of your thoughts and all of your ambitions and all of your past teachings. You've got to get with the word and get yourself killed out. Now, that's why the prophet of God uh that's why the prophet Paul would say that we are washed with the washing of the water of the word. It's the pure water. It's what separates us from all unbelief. It is the truth that washes us. Now, now we've all got past. We've all got history. We've got I don't care if you grew up in this church. You've all got something that you've got to be washed from. And that is your old man, your old nature, your old ideas, the way that you want to do things, the way that you think things should be done. We've all got to get under the washing of the word and die out that the word can have power in our lives. You see, this is the secret of it. He says, "I'm persuaded that many of us, friends, have received the Holy Ghost, but we just receive enough Holy Ghost in us to make us to a place where we don't want to lie. We don't want to steal. We don't want to do anything like that." But God wants to feel every fiber of his church. He wants to feel your thinking. And he wants to feel your mind. He wants to feel every bit of you just make you completely totally dead to yourself or to your thinking. Just so surrendered in God till his words just living right through you. You don't know nothing else but God's word. Just stay right with his word. It is life. My words are life, said Jesus. And so what is it? The kingdom of God is God's word made power. Amen. Isn't that a beautiful thing? Was Isn't that the desire of the bride of Christ in this last day as we have moved? Amen. from just church age to church age, from message to message to message. And now we have come to the fullness of the word, the kingdom of God made power in your life to overcome everything the devil would throw at us. It is total surrender to the word and agreeing with the word. And that's what makes uh the the the word have influence in our life. Now you see in this last day there is again another people. This is so powerful. Now in the last days there is again another people in the land who under their messenger is the final voice to the final age. Now the prophet is going to show us now there is a church that is their own mouthpiece. They're their own voice. God can't use them any longer. The word is not having effect. It is not having a place or an influence in their lives any longer. And so they they've rejected the Leodysian church age. They have rejected Christ out of their midst. But there is another group who has followed the word outside of denominations, outside of traditions, outside of just a creed and a dogma. And they have followed him on the outside of the camp. And they have met Christ, the word, and they have united with the word to become the final voice to the final age. So there's a church that is their own mouthpiece, but there is a bride, a church that has moved from just being a church, a club, a gathering of people, and moved into a spiritual union with the word into a marriage. Amen. So we are not speaking our own thoughts. We're not speaking our own mind, but we're speaking his mind because we have received his influence. Amen. Now, isn't that amazing? Because under this influence, the doctor can say, "Well, here's the report. You've got cancer." But under the influence of heaven is the word says, "By his stripes, I am healed." You see, one influence is of the natural, but there's another influence that declares by his stripes you are healed. So then you've got a choice. Which influence are you going to come under? Are we going to come under an influence, amen, that is continually trying to keep us earthbound, trying to just keep us under our problems and under situations of life? Or are we going to be under of another influence of the new Jerusalem, calling those things that be not as though they already are? So one is the influence from down below and the other is the influence from above. I tell you friends, uh man will fail you. Man will fail you. We find a young prophet by the name of Isaiah and he was under a natural influence of the king Uzziah. But then we find that King Uzziah, a great man, the one of the greatest men in history. And yet King Uzziah failed God by disbelieving the word and trying to take the pro trying to take the the place a position that didn't belong to him. and he was struck with leprosy. But the Bible says that the day that that young prophet so discouraged because he had been under the influence of that king and he had become and he sat at his feet and and he was under influence and and the strength of that king. But the moment that that influence died in his life, he saw a vision from above. And when the vision was open, he saw the true king. And that king took the coals from off of the altar and touched his lips and burnt up all of the sin. And there from that moment on, he become the mouthpiece of God. I tell you friends, the grace of God that would bring us from just a natural influence to a heavenly influence that we can be the mouthpiece of almighty God. You see, Paul would say that we are written epistles. Amen. In other words, your manifested word. You see, in God's chosen place of worship, he would say the word that he promised to fulfill in the day that you're living in, you will be a written epistle of God read of all men. Not what you claim, but what God does through you will speak out louder than anything you could claim. God said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. That speaks through you." Amen. So the mouthpiece is not just totally what you're speaking through your lips but it is the life that you're living. Amen. You see Paul would say that you have become my very message that I have been preaching. You have become the manifested word and everyone around sees your life. They see your testimony. They they see the way you conduct yourself. You're not defeated. You're not victims. Uh, amen. But you're overcomers. Well, what a testimony for the church of the living God in this last day when the world wants to just make us victims. Always the victims of our of our upbringing, the victims of our boss, the victims, amen, of the way people view us and they hurt our feelings on the internet or always trying to make us victims. But you see, we are not victims. We are the overcomers of this Leodysian age. And we have entered into his domain, into his throne, which is his domain, which we have authority over every power of the devil because it's his kingdom made flesh in you and I. So our very testimony is our life. Amen. The way we talk, the way we walk, the way we view things, it's it's our testimony. You see, the prophet would tell us about a slave that had come from Africa and and he was sold into slavery and there was hundreds of slaves here in this, you know, in this plantation and and there was a slave buyer that that came by this plantation wanting to buy slaves. a a very very sad part of our American history. Amen. A sad thing. But but nonetheless, it took place. And here was a man that that that that he's looking over the slaves and he's wanting to buy some slaves. And he sees he sees all of the slaves under the toil and the burden and of slavery. and their their head is down and their shoulders are bent are stooped and and they're just going through the motions of their work. Amen. But there was another man that had his chest sticking out, his shoulders back, his head held high. Amen. And he was going about his work with a a a very positive atmosphere. And this and the and the and the slave buyer said, "Well, I want to buy that slave." And the and the owner said, "No, he's not for sale." Amen. He says, "Well, well, what what what makes him so different? Do you feed him different?" "No, I don't feed him different." "Well, do you put him in different headquarters? Is is he the boss over all the slaves?" "No, that's not the case." He said, "Well, then what makes him so different?" He said, "Well, I wondered that myself." He said, "And I begin to do some research and I find out that he come from a certain certain tribe in Africa and he and his father is the king of that tribe. And though he is in a foreign country as a slave, he knows that he is the the the son of a king. So he conducts himself that way. Oh my. If that could take place in the natural, amen, that he couldn't be bought. He couldn't He would He refused, Amen. to to knock down to the devil, then what about true bornagain, Holy Ghost fililled sons and daughtershu that is under the influence of that new Jerusalem? Uh we come from above. We come from God. We're going back to God. Then we refuse uh to give place to the devil. Our thoughts is on heavenly things. Uh our confession uh is a heavenly confession. Uh we are redeemed uh by the blood of God. Uh we are not slaves to sin any longer. But we are freeborn sons and daughters of God. Uh I'm not what I used to be. I am no longer an alcoholic. I'm no longer a cigarette smoker. I am no longer just a cold lukewarm church member. I am redhot, full of the power of the Holy Ghost, looking for the coming of the Lord. Any second, any day, I'm under the influence of the power of the Holy Ghost. It grips me, you see. Amen. We're all under an influence. Amen. Regardless, we all are made of a spirit. And if you don't have spirit, you're dead. Amen. So it it doesn't matter. Every home is controlled by spirit. Your home uh we're all Christians, but I may raise my children just a little bit different than you raise your children. I I may set at my table just a little bit different than you sit at your table. My wife may go about preparing food just a little bit different than you prepare your food. Amen. is because we are all controlled by spirit. Amen. So we we're we're all different. And yet God puts us all together as a many membered body. And without you, I can't make the rapture. And I hate to tell you, but without me, you're not going to make the rapture. We need one another. We need one another's influence. We need one another's strength and encouragement. That's why the Holy Ghost put us into one body. Not clicks, not separating ourselves, uh, but he filled our hearts with love. And every member of the body is supplying the need of the other. No clicks in the body, just love. the influence of perfect love driving us together because we realize uh we are every one of us under the influence of heaven. You've got what I need. I've got what you need. And and you got what they need. and every one of us. And how the devil tries to drive wedges between us, tries to separate brotherhood, tries to bring little hurts and little ill feelings. It's the devil, friends, uh that is trying to influence and motivate your life. But the power of God uh will motivate you to ask for forgiveness. Make that thing right. You can't stand it when you know that you've hurt someone. It's because your spirit is of another spirit, the Holy Ghost. Now, you still got a human spirit. And that human spirit will get stubborn against the Holy Spirit. And that human spirit says, "I don't want to do it. They're the ones that hurt me." And they get stubborn and try to But the Holy Ghost will make you so miserable. You can't hardly eat. You can't hardly sleep at night. You can't hardly do your work. You're miserable. That's why you get cranky. That's why you start developing a bitter spirit. It's because you're miserable. But what what what the Holy Ghost is really asking for you to do is humble yourself. Submit to the word. Be washed with the word and say, "I know how to make this right." Uh you may have not done it but you know to make that right and make your spirit right you've got to go ask for forgiveness. Friends uh we have come to headship. This word is supreme authority over our lives. Uh and the and every one of us from the pastor to the deacon to the trustee to the officers to the musicians to the to the to the leoty every one of us is under the uh influence of the Holy Ghost. headship, the vindicated word. Now, the prophet of God would say it like this. He says he's, you know, he wasn't your typical preacher. He's a prophet. And so, he would have ministers all around him and they got their some of them's got their collars turned around backwards. They've been to seminaries and they're great theologians and they can say their words just perfectly. And so the prophet of God would stand there with maybe even a little bit of a complex saying, "I I'm not a preacher. I'm a spare wheel." Amen. I'm just a spare tire. I in in in the presence of these great men, they're preachers. I'm not really a preacher. And yet a prophet to the age. But the prophet of God would say like this. He says, 'I'm not a preacher, but it's made up in a spiritual form of watching things and seeing things move and forewarning people of things that come to pass. It's that's my makeup. I can't help that no more than you can help your makeup. But God has put us each one in the body to do certain things. And I watch every little move, every objective, every motive because everything is governed by spirit. This church was put here for a purpose. There is a spirit behind this church. Amen. Just just hearing the different testimonies uh uh of of just your labor of love through the years, I begin to think of this where this church is made up is here for a purpose. I know the devil tries to get us lax and maybe our purpose was years ago. Let me tell you something. You've not outrun your purpose. God still got you here. God moved you from a little building that you could barely even move around in to a building like this because you've got purpose. Hallelujah. You made the transition and the move because we are a people of vision. I hope it's all right, but it's just burning my soul. Don't you for don't you don't don't forget about your lost loved ones. Don't forget about the drunk on the street. Don't forget about that person that's that you're working with. They may be wanting to blow their brains out and you're the only gospel they'll ever hear. Don't forget your purpose. Don't forget what's motivating your life. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God for all the years, but you're still here. Hallelujah. We don't have a us for no more mentality. I I I'm not preaching at you. I'm encouraging you. I'm telling you that I know that's not your attitude. I've heard you. I know your spirit. There's a desire to see lost souls saved. I say God has placed you here for such a time as this. I say God has put you here. God's given you a crop of young people for such a time as this. I say there's nothing impossible for God. God can raise up rocks to praise him. God can fill these pews as long as you stay motivated by the power of God to be a witness and an outreach in this community. Well, I hope that was all right. It's free of charge. This church was put here for a purpose. There is a spirit behind this church. There's a spirit behind your home, behind every building, behind everything. There is a spirit motive and objective. This church comes here to greatly exalt some human system or something. Then its motives is not right. But it's put here to try to achieve something for the kingdom of God. Then the motive and objective both is right. If the motives is directed that way, you see the church for years and years and years has been under the influence of man and they've been under the wrong motive. There's been a lot of selfish motives. all of the revivals uh just revival of great great moves of God in the in the in the 40s and the 50s and and and but when it come to the opening of the seals, the prophet of God says there's the bride's not even had a revival yet. He says we've had denominational revivals to just fill up pews, but we've not had any anything to really stir the bride yet. You see what he was showing us is under the first two pools which was healing and prophecy there was there was thousands blind eyes were being opened, deaf ears were being stopped. The the the the lame were walking. The dead was being raised and yet there was no real true spirit to motivate the church yet. It was because they just went right back where they come from. Many of them did. They just went right back under the denomination. They filled up the pews. And the prophet of God says, "We've had denominational revivals." He says, "That's why when you hear them, they're praying. They're they're putting they're they're they're publishing in their magazines. It's not too late. Fast, pray, cry, fast, pray, cry. We need a real awakening." That's amazing that the prophet is identifying this in the 60s after the awakening of the bride. He says the problem is they've not recognized the awakening of the bride which took place at the opening of the seals. That's what the bride's revival is all about. The words and the spirit always accompanies the words. Hallelujah. So the spirit by the word motivates our life. We don't shout just because someone eyes are open. We rejoice. We shout. Don't get me wrong, but regardless of whether we see the blind eyes open, whether we see the dead raised, we are motivated to praise God as if it already is happening because the word says so. It's a bride's revival. Now, it's amazing because in the in the United States, it's almost a repeat of history that you can hear our radios and they're saying the exact same thing. It's not too late for America. Fast, pray, cry, fast, pray. It's not too late. And we're living in 2025. They're looking for a great awakening. What is it? They missed their visitation. They missed their hour when the mighty angel which is the Lord himself and Paul said that the Lord 1 Corinthians the third chapter the Lord is that spirit and where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty and when the mighty angel which was the Lord himself descended he brought liberty to the church. The word does not come to bind you. The word comes to liberate you. Hallelujah. So look what Paul would say. You've he says now there's certain men coming in unawares. They're creeping into the church and they're spying out your liberty and they're trying to take away your liberty to just make you cold and formal. But the church, the real true bride of Christ, refuses to knock to to be motivated by any other spirit contrary to the spirit of the Lord because they find themselves they find their names written in that word and they see that they're redeemed. They see that there's grace upon their lives. is placing them. The message of the hour is positionally placing you. Hallelujah. Amen. The Holy Ghost is not our adoption. The message came to place a Holy Ghost fililled church. Ain't that beautiful? Amen. This is this is what the eyes of our understanding is coming open that the mystery of his will is to adopt you not as a defeated church but as a victorious church. And as we surrender to the headship of the word, it's moving us into position that whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven. It's a people of authority. something that's motivating us. You see to motive to mo uh motive is a reason for doing something. Now that's the meaning of it. It's a reason for doing something. It also means when you go back to the old old language, the original it means to move. Now, I don't I probably don't have to tell you, but when I read that, I just started shouting a little bit because immediately I went to what a prophet said and says, "Some of you people that really believe this to be the truth that we're entering another age. We're entering the raptured age." You know, the church can't go in its condition and it can't get any better. It must get worse. It's got to be something. And it's moving right now, friend. It's on. The move is on for the bride. That's the truth. That's thus sayeth the Lord. That's in the invisible union in 65. So the prophet of God is showing us what we've been waiting for to move us is moving now. So the prophet says the reason they're missing their revival is they're always putting it off in the future and saying it's coming in the future. And the prophet of God says we are entering the raptured age. The move is on for the bride, thus saith the Lord. So the very thing that this bride has been waiting for to motivate her life is moving now. Not future. It's already been in action. So what is it? The bride has been moved under the original headship. This bride has thus saith the Lord or she stands still. And the move is on for the bride. Thus saith the Lord. Amen. Then what's motivating your life? You see, to motivate is to provide someone with a motive for doing something. Now, I'm getting ready to get to a spot again where I started shouting because the prophet says, "Amen." Or or or I'm just reading the definition here to provide someone with a motive. So, the bride was waiting for a motive to move. Amen. just another denomination wasn't making this bride move. Just to make her to move from a Baptist to being a Pentecostal, from a Pentecostal back to being a Presbyterian, it wasn't good enough for the bride to make the move. There was nothing going to move this bride into the rapture under that influence. But you see, a man, God, rich in his mercy, opened the word to motivate. He provided grace to motivate us to begin to move. In other words, it's like this to motivate also means to stimulate. To stimulate someone's interest in or enthusiasm for doing something. Hallelujah. You see, there was 120 in the upper room. All because God or Jesus gave a promise that God the Father was going to fulfill the promise in their lives. He says, "So go wait for the promise. Go Terry for the promise of the father." So there they are now. They're motivated. They've moved. And look, they're scared for their lives. They're all sitting there maybe got the got the shades all covered over with blankets or what have you. They're they're they're scared of the Jews. The Messiah has been killed, resurrected. Now he's ascended and now they're all scared. But on the 10th day when the day of Pentecost was fully come, there come a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind and it stimulated them. What stimulated them? They knew the prophecy of Joel 2 was fulfilled in their life. So Peter can say they're not drunk as you suppose, but we are stimulated because this is that which the prophet Joel prophesied, I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. So when they seen the prophecy made manifest, it stimulated them to go into action. And under that enthusiasm, 3,000 gave their souls to God. Isn't that good? So something is always motivating us. You see what motivates me? Questions and answers 64. What motivates me? What is this strength in my arm? It certainly is not my muscle. It's my spirit. Certainly take that spirit out and what's the muscle going to do? It's as dead as it can be. It'll rot. It's the spirit that strengths. Look at little Samson. A lot of them seen doors look like it been between these two post here. Why a man that big could take up a line and tear him to pieces. A lion jumping a man like that with door with shoulders like a barn door. Why sure that wouldn't be no mystery. But the mystery was he was just a little curlyheaded shrimp. Little bitty old guy. Little The prophet just knows how to just put it real plain, doesn't he? He's He's a He's a curlyheaded shrimp. Little bitty old guy. Little Little mama's boy. Oh, wouldn't that offend us? Someone called us a mama's boy. No man wants to be identified as a mama's boy. And the prophet of God is making it real clear. He's just a little guy. There's nothing great about him. He's a little He's a little mama's boy. Amen. Seven little curls hanging down his back. But you notice he was just as helpless as anything until the spirit of the Lord come upon him. And when the spirit of the Lord come upon him, that lion run out and grow. He just tore him to pieces. It wasn't Samson. It was the spirit of the Lord. Why didn't Samson run? The same reason you're not running. You say, "Me? You're trying to make a link between me and Samson? tearing a destroying a lion, killing and and and yes, the same spirit that refuses you to lay down for some laya spirit. The same spirit that refuses to just have a good shouting service and and speak in tongues and dance a little bit and then go right back into the world. the same spirit that brings you into the headship of the word and says, "Oh God, I surrender my ideas. I surrender my will. I lay down my rights. I want you to take all of me and I want you to place me in this raptured age and move me into the chains of my body." Something something is breaking the strongholds of sin in your life. It's because he's claimed you for this work. I don't know. Let me just say it like this. I don't know if you realize it or not, but it is your confession in your life that is going to raise up those that are sleeping in the graves. Your confession, your life, what you are manifesting, the faith that you're manifesting in this word is what's going to raise Paul, Peter, Iranius, Martin Luther, all of them, your mama, your daddy, my grandma, whoever it may be that went into the grave believing in the Lord Jesus Christ, a part of this bride body, they're going to raise from the dead. It's going to be your life that is streaming out that I believe this word. I believe it with all of my heart. Something motivating you to say I believe. You may not understand everything, but you know it's the truth. You're not trying to make the puzzle fit necessarily because you you you may not even have all the knowhow to do it, but you believe it nonetheless. You see, when Christ who is our life shall appear, we shall appear with him. Hallelujah. Amen. In Luke 17:30. Amen. As it was in the days of Noah and as it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the appearing of the son of man. When the son of man is revealed. Hallelujah. In other words, when God is revealed in the last days when we see it as the days of Noah when they're eating and drinking and giving a marriage and having a good frolic parting time and then we see as it was in the days of Lot homosexuality and men with men and women with women and the filth and the and the and the and the sodomy conditions that is in this age. When you see the condition, look up for your redemption has drawing nigh. What is your redemption? It is the when God who died for our sins, who purged us from all of our unrighteousness, but comes again in the last days and comes with a claiming word and says, "I claim your body. You're the person that I redeemed. I paid the price for you. You don't belong to the devil. You don't belong to homosexuality. You don't belong to cigarettes or alcohol or some filthy pornography or whatever. You belong to me. When we see him appear to take a hold of your life, that's when you who are a part of his mind from the beginning of the world before the foundation of the world comes into manifestation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I I I've hit it for two services. Might as well hit it for a third. Remember, you're a gene. The only way that you could get here in the physical is you had to be a part of your daddy's life. You're a part of his gene. You're a germ of his life. So then that germ is coming into physical manifestation. You were there the whole time, but your daddy couldn't fellowship with you. Your daddy couldn't have a relationship with you. Even though you were there in germ form, but then through the bedding ground of your mama, you come into manifestation. And then you begin to grow and you begin to come into the knowledge of who you are as a son and you're growing and growing and your faculties are growing and then you come into position where daddy is not looking at you as just a teenager any longer. He can actually have a fellowship, a conversation from a grown man to a grown man. Well, the same thing has taken place in the spiritual because we were a part of God's eternal life. And God is eternal. He has no beginning and he has no ending. So you were a part of his eternal gene germ of life and God was waiting for this day for you to come into manifestation. And then God has raised this church until now we are of age that we can take the word with understanding and actually talk with God as friends. Hallelujah. Not as someone that is just a bastard child who can't take correction, but we have been corrected by the word and we have come into perfect fellowship with God by his blood. And now we are mature, a mature bride. I'm I'm I know you think I'm a nut. Maybe I am. I'm motivated. I I I want to do a backflip. Never done one in my life. I'd hurt myself. But I feel like it. Oh, I feel good because I see who I am. I see myself in this book. I see myself in every type and shadow. I see that Rahab was a harlot. But yes, she was a predestinated seed behind those walls that were keeping her captive. They just needed a Joshua to tear down those walls. And then she come to herself. And then she become married to a general, an Israeli general. And she was no longer Rahab the harlot. She was Rahab the mighty general's wife. I tell you friends, we are not the bride of Satan. We are not the bride of Leosa. We are not a harlot. We are not a part of those denominational heartless systems. We are the bride of Jesus Christ, spotless, pure, holy, without fault, ready for the coming of the Lord. It's because he claimed you. You would never be able to believe this, but he claimed you for it. And he said, "You're the one that I paid the price for. Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden and now I'll give you rest. For Christ indeed is the life. He's quoting the scripture now. Christ who is our life. For Christ indeed is the life of the church. He has no other life. Without him she is simply a religious society, a club, a meaningless gathering of the people. As a corpse, bejeweled and dressed is still a corpse. So the church, no matter what her programs and her gracious efforts might achieve, without Christ, she is a corpse also. But with him in her midst, with him motivating her, she becomes to the wonderment of all his body, the fullness of him that filth all in all. You say, "I'm unworthy. How can I the fullness of him that filth all in all? You mean as when the word was made flesh and Peter said in I believe first or second Timothy the third chapter said the fullness of the Godhead dwelt in him bodily. In other words, all that God was was poured into that one man. It was God walking in flesh. It was God eating, drinking, hearing, bringing his senses under subjection to the word that when the devil tried to get him all out of balance, he stood there and said, "But it's written, Satan. It's written, Satan." He surrendered himself to the authority and headship of the word and he overcome by it. You see, Satan tries to get us so so messed up in our theology. And that's why brother Brandham says, "I I didn't come to correct anyone." He said, "I I just come to straighten things. I just tried to straighten it up." He said, "You're not going to become a son. You are a son." He goes, "I'm not trying to step on anyone's toes. I'm just trying to let you know who you are. And the prophet of God says, "When you get everyone under this great revelation, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory, and you get everyone gathered around this great revelation, the fullness of the Godhead dwells bodily in the church and the devil tries to immediately you start looking in the mirror. my faults, my mistakes. I I don't do everything just perfect. Oh, if I could only be like my pastor. If I could only be like the prophet. Do you realize that God had his prophet messenger in this last day to openly confess his mistakes and the sins that he made because he wanted you to realize that this was not a perfect man. This was a man full of mistakes just like you and I are full of mistakes. He openly confessed them and said, "I I I I'm the least." What was he doing? He took it back through his family tree and said, "I come from all of my family died with their boots on with a gun in their hand. My my my daddy was a was an alcoholic. I was carrying water to a moonshine steel when the You mean he was carrying water to a moonshine wheel and that pillar of fire came and begin to get his attention? Yeah. Because God is not looking at your humanity, your flesh. He's looking at your soul. And he by his fornowledge forneew that you would believe this. So he predestinated you knowing you would make the choice to believe him. You see I don't have the ability I don't have I didn't have the ability to look into my life to look into my my cell and say I'm going to have a girl and four boys. I I didn't have the fornowledge. I I wasn't able to look I wasn't able to think it and say this is exactly what's going to happen and they're going to be born on this day and they're going to have this certain color and these color of eyes and all of this is going to take place and it's going to happen. Even though I knew I knew that there was a life there but God in his infinite wisdom I I hope it's just helping you for a moment. God in his infinite wisdom, he never had a new thought about anything. So God in his infinite wisdom, he forneew that you were a part of him there. So he saw you in him. That's why Paul says you were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world. Before you had a chance to do any good or evil, God elected you. And then Paul says, "He predestinated you unto the adoption or the placing or positioning of the sons of God." What position? The message of this hour that let you know who you were. And it's taking you back to what Adam lost. Now you young people can understand a little bit why you just can't be just normal church members. There's something I I sat right where you were as just a 12, 13, 14, 15 year old man and there was something in there pulsating within me. I want life. I want to serve God. I want to walk with God. I want a relationship with God. One minute I I was hearing those quotes and reading the scripture. I was predestinated before the foundation of the world. And oh, I felt so good. And then the devil came and just slapped me upside the head. And then the next day I thought, I'm lost. I'm not predestinated. The predestin it's for so and so, but it ain't for me. My pastor's predestinated, but I'm not pred. I'm just taking you through my battles. As a young person, oh, I was shouting the victory. Praise God. Hallelujah. And then I just the next day, it's just like I went on a tail spin. It was because I was dictated by my emotions. I was dictated how I viewed myself. Hallelujah. But when I come in contact with this message, that was under Pentecost. I I've got to I I got to say, I was raised as a boy under Pentecost. Amen. We seen the shouts. We've seen the speaking in tongues. We've seen the prophecies. We've seen all of those things. And then we seen many, many, many of them backslid and went right back into the world. and prophecies never come true. And there was something within me saying, "I want life. I I there's got to be something I I'm craving. I'm longing for it." And then the message came by my way. And I begin to read that. And all the sudden, God be to bring forth a manifestation and begin to place me here and show me here and show me here. And it didn't happen overnight. But God was bringing forth an understanding in my life that if I'm saved, I can never be lost. And if I'm saved, I was saved before the foundation of the world. I didn't get saved at the pew. I didn't get saved by my pastor. I didn't get saved because one day I thought it was a good idea. I got saved before the foundation of the world. And if God ever deals with your heart, he will never leave you. He will never lose you. I think one of the young girls came for prayer saying, you know, just on the little bit of that roller coaster last night, I just want to tell you, sis, God's dealing with your heart, and he'll never let you go. He'll never lose you. He swore with an oath that all that the father hath given me will come to me, and I will not lose one. And the reason that you know you're his is he's dealing with your heart and giving you a desire for God. Let that motivate your life. When that revelation come to my heart that I there's no way that I could be lost and the only way that I could have a desire for these things is because God put the thirst before the foundation of the world. It settled it. Pentecost never did that for me, but the message did. And the message is the word living today. I woke up in the middle of the night, had just a strange thing happen to me. All of a sudden, just a story begin to go through my mind that I hadn't heard in probably 20 years. And I actually had to try to find the story and I I found I found a version of it written years and years ago. And how that maybe you've heard the story how that there was a little boy, he liked boats and he just he just got a some wood and he be to work to make himself his own sailboat. cut the wood. He tenderly, lovingly put it all together. He made sure that everything looked just right. Made it the way that he wanted it to be. He put a sail on that little boat. And oh, he was so proud of that little sailboat. He got he got some red paint that maybe his daddy had in the in the shed or something. and he painted it all red. And he was so proud of his little sailboat. And he took that little sailboat and he goes down to the little stream and he put his sailboat in the in the stream and made sure that it didn't get out in the current and but just enough, you know, to make it kind of start going down down the creek. And he walked along the bank and he loved his little sailboat. Oh, his heart was so delighted. He made it with his own hands. It was exactly the way he saw it in his mind, too. He was delighted in his little sailboat. One day, day after day, he would come and he would put his little sailboat in the water and he'd watch it. But one day he put it in a place where the current started picking it up and the current took it off into the main rapids. And he watched with dread as his little sailboat began to go through those big rapids and take it faster and faster. And oh, he ran along the bank as fast, trying to keep up and keeping it in his sight. Finally, the little sailboat went beyond his pew. It hurt him because that was his little sailboat. He loved that little sailboat. He would go to the bank day after day, day after day looking, "Oh, I wish I could get my little sailboat back." Some months went by and one day he was going through town, you know, his little boy's wheel is going through town and looking in the windows and and he come to a certain pawn shop and lo and behold in the window was his little sailboat. Oh, his heart began to Oh, it's got to be it. I know it's got to be it. And he ran through the door and he went into the window and and he's looking at it and here comes here comes the owner and he says, "Oh, I want to see that little sailboat." And grabs that little sailboat and he's starting to look. He said, "Oh, yes, I see it." He began to identify the little marks that he with love put it all together. He said, "That's mine." He said, "Sir, how much how much do you want for the sailboat?" He said, "It's going to be $5." He said, "Oh, I I don't know." Said, "I got to have it. I got to have it. I got to redeem it. I got to buy it back." So, he says, "Sure, please hold it. I'll be back. I'm gonna go get the money. I'll pay the price. So, he's motivated. Oh, God. So, the little boy runs back and he gets his piggy bank and you know how the oldfashioned those piggy banks were that you put the money in and you got to smash the little piggy to get the money out, you know? So he smashes the little piggy and he starts counting the money and he counts out $5, just enough. And he takes his $5 and he walks through that door. His little shoulders are out and walks right up to the counter and says, "Sir, here is the $5. I want my sailboat." And the man gave him the cell phone and he took that cell phone and he put it to his bosom and he's walking down the street with the biggest smile and he says, "You're twice mine. I made you and I bought you. I was that little sailboat. Oh, I didn't know it. Satan put me in spiritual amnesia. I didn't even know it. I didn't even know I was the son of God. I didn't know I I belong in, you know, that I belong to God's economy. I didn't know that God had given me authority and dominion and I'm an overcomer. All these things. I didn't know anything about it because Satan had got a hold of my life and put me in the rapids and took me far far away. Oh, but then I begin to hear a preacher and I begin to hear my name and that preaching and says that God so loved you that he gave his only begotten son and God condescended from me his heavenly throne and he become one of us. He become our kinsman redeemer that that we couldn't we no one could die for our sins. Moses couldn't do it. Paul couldn't do it. Jeremiah couldn't do it. But Jesus was God made flesh and he went to the cross willingly and he gave his life to redeem us. And then he went down into hell and he kicked the door open and he says, "Satan, I paid the price. Satan, you can't have them any longer. They're my sons. There's my They're my daughters. You put them on those rapids and then you put them into your own pawn shop. But I am here to declare my blood is still wet on the cross. I paid the price. I am perfect and sinless now. Satan, give me the keys to death and hell. Hallelujah. And he reached and he grabbed those keys and he ripped them off of of Satan's side. And then he kicked Satan back into his office and he slammed the door and said, "Satan, don't bother him again." And then he went and ascended into paradise where Moses and Abraham and Sarah and and and Ezekiel and Jeremiah, all of them seeing images, manifestations of God. And he walked into into their presence and every one of them identified and said, "There he is. That's the wheel in the middle of the wheel that I saw. That's the pillar of fire. That is God. Hallelujah. And then he led captivity captive. Amen. Gave gifts unto men and he brought them back into that glorious procession into heaven. And the words are still echoing around the world world. It's finished. But for 2,000 years, Satan has tried once again to bring us back into denominational ignorance. And Jesus for 2,000 years has been sitting on the right hand of the father interceding on our ignorance, saying, "Father, forgive them. Father, forgive them. I paid the price for them. Oh God, they're I I I saw them. They were in my thoughts. God, save them." But in this last day, right before his his second coming, he came and he opened the word and said, "Now listen, I've already paid the price. You don't have to be hybrid any longer. I paid the price for your hybriding." You can come back to the original spoken word seed now. You can be motivated. Don't go back to that pawn shop any longer. Don't Don't allow your heart to be full of dread and fear any longer. You're free. That's why I'm happy. That's why I'm stimulated. I become so emotional. It's because there's something I know that I know that I know that I am twice his. He made me and he bought me. Let the musicians come. Oh God, I love you. That little song that says, "Can't you see why I'm happy? I sing because I'm free. His eyes are on the sparrow. Then I know he watches me. Oh, I sing because I'm happy. I see because I'm free. Oh, his eyes are on the [Music] spare and I know he watches me. Oh, I sing because I'm happy. I sing because I'm free. His eyes are on the spare. [Music] And I know he watches me. Aren't you glad? Oh, I sing because I'm happy. Oh, I sing because I'm free. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, his eyes are on the sparrow. And I know he [Music] watches me. If there's something that is motivating your [Music] life and is taking you away from God, there's a spirit within you that is not allowing you to line up with his word. [Music] Maybe you've you've quit, you know, maybe smoking or alcohol or lusting, but clearly the prophet let us know that there's more Holy Ghost to be had. That's why in the spirit of revival, the prophet of God took us there to Elisha in that desert. and said, "You've got to dig down." We did a lot of digging last night. I think God came in a real supernatural way. We're not trying to dig things, bring things back up. But maybe there is someone the last service of this meeting, maybe there's something that the Lord has brought to your attention. Maybe you're not able to make a full surrender. Maybe you're just needing to surrender your life all together. But before we turn it over to our pastor, I wonder if we can just bow our heads and just right where you're sitting with an honest heart. You don't have to lift your hands. All you have to do is say, "Lord Jesus," and begin to just talk it over with me. Maybe you went home last night thinking, I know I should have moved. I I know I I need the Holy Ghost. Maybe you're a young man that you're being torn and you're just desiring a real experience with God. Then I want to say this morning, it's for you. It's for you. I remember many years ago I was in Ukraine preaching a youth camp and just one after the other God just filled with the Holy Ghost. And there was a young man that so wanted the Holy Ghost. He came up to me after the last evening service. He said, "Brother Jonathan, I'm so discouraged. I I want the Holy Ghost so bad." He said, "But I I seen everyone else getting it and I didn't get it." I looked at that young man and I said, "Everyone else in the morning, they're going to start, they're already thinking about leaving, packing their bags, getting everything ready. A lot of their minds is not even going to be on the service." I said, 'But not you. Because you're going to come into the into tomorrow's service and you're going to come with an expectation that this is my service, my time, my moment, and God's going to fill you with the Holy Ghost. When that young man came, he came just as I told him to with an expectation as everyone else was kind of distracted. Service got dismissed. Everyone, it I wouldn't even say that it was like just a real high service. It was just everyone was dismissed, begin to start walking out the doors. And there was a a preacher that was sitting beside that young man. And I I told him, I said, "Brother, just lay your hands over on that man. That young man, he's praying for the Holy Ghost." He laid his hands on him. And that moment, God filled him with the Holy Ghost. Everyone else was already walking, just leaving. Their minds weren't even on it. But that young man was filled with the Holy Ghost. Afterwards, he hugged me, weeping, crying, shouting, and said, "I got it. I got it. I got it." I just want to say to you that I know we're all a little tired, but this is a special moment. I believe this is a real special visitation for you. I see the tears just flowing down your faces. God dealing with your hearts. I want to tell you, you're the individual that God is dealing with. Why don't you just open up your heart? Whatever it is, I just want to say if you need to give your heart to the Lord, then all you have to do is say, "Lord, I surrender. I believe you. Forgive me my sins." If you need to be washed and sanctified, then say, "Lord Jesus, there's areas in my life that I I know it's not pleasing to you. Lord, would you take the desires and just sanctify me, cleanse me?" And if you need the Holy Ghost and you're sitting there as a sanctified vessel saying, "Oh God, I want an experience with you." Then I tell you, all you have to do is just open up your heart right now and say, "God, fill me." It's that simple. You will be filled. It's that simple. You don't have to beg. All you have to do is say, "God, you promised it. God, you promised it. I tell you friends, I don't care what your age is or how long you've been in this message. Let God take us deeper. Do you think that's a good thing? Let God take us deeper. Say, "Oh, God." Maybe you're teetering. Maybe you're wondering about your position. May maybe there's just a little maybe you're having a hard time fully coming under the headship of the vindicated word of the hour. Then then for you why don't you just say Lord why don't you just with a heartfelt say Lord I feel something motivating me and I just want to say not my will thy will be done. You vindicated this message for me to show me my position. And I just want to say be it unto me, oh God. Take me deeper. Show me, oh God. I I I don't want to do one thing without it being your will. Thank you, Father, for stimulating me. Heavenly Father, our hearts are exposed. Lord, it's a moment in the service that your Holy Spirit has motivated us. And right now, we're we're open before you. Hearts are just wide open. Then, Lord, we invite you to move and work as only you can move. You're the great physician. You're the doctor. And I pray that you would take your physician's knife, sharper than a two-edged sword, and to begin to just do surgery on our hearts. Cut out the little things of the world. Cut out little areas that's holding us back. And we invite you to fill us, Lord. Feel every fiber of our being. We invite you to have preeminence, oh God. We invite you one more time as this is the last service of these meetings. I pray that you save. I pray that you cleanse, that you heal. I pray, oh God, that you take us deeper and deeper into thee. Oh God, fill every fiber of our being. Oh Lord, anoint our lives with even a greater anointing like we've never had before. Father, as as this church is a beacon of light, a beacon of the evening light, Lord, to this community. And I pray, oh God, that as I believe that there are still sheep that is maybe in a thicket and they don't know how to get out of it, but that you've got some real shepherds here. You've got some bornag again sons and daughters of God. You've got some real witnesses that you can lead to go right by their way and to get them out of that thicket. I pray, Father, that you would continue to bless this congregation. Bless bless our pastor, Father. Continue to strengthen his hands and anoint him, Lord. And as there is just I see Lord I've been so blessed to see the real spirit of love and unity and fellowship around your word. I pray that you can continue to just strengthen the hands of each member. But Lord, we need one another. And I pray God that you would continue to motivate each and every one of us. Lord, the very moment that we stop moving is the moment that we backslide. And God, how many times we do backslide and we repent of it. But Lord, we want to keep walking in step with your word in rhythm and beat with thus saith the Lord. Father, we love you and I thank you for your strength and your encouragement in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And [Music] amen. One more time as our pastor comes. I sing because I'm happy. Oh, I sing [Music] because let's stand together if we would. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. You alone are all I need. For you hold my destiny. [Music] You alone are all I need. In you alone I am [Music] complete. Draw me. [Music] Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. You alone. For you alone are all I need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are all I need. In you alone I am complete. So draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Hallelujah. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. So draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. You alone are all I need. For you alone are all I [Music] need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are all I need. In you alone I am complete. Draw me, drop me, Lord, I'll come running after you. Draw me. Call me Lord and I'll come running after you. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. I feel the pull. I feel the pull. [Music] I hear the call. [Music] And I know that his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. [Music] Lord, please come and take control. I feel the cold. Oh, at night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. [Music] And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Oh, I can't explain with tongue or pain. A spirit calling deep within. I must be God here in my soul. For I feel the call. I feel the call. I hear the call and I know that his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I Lord please come and take me control. I feel the cold. Oh, I went to hear the word and with each line and [Music] praise. Oh, he was calling me to give a higher praise. [Music] Oh, there's a deep call to the deep. It's like a great magnet pulling me. Oh, I know for sure that I reach the goal. For I feel the cold. I feel the cold. I feel the And I know that his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and [Music] I Lord please come and take control. I feel the flow. I feel the call. I hear the call. And I know that his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to [Music] me and [Music] I Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the cold. Oh, I went to hear the word and with each line and praise. Oh, he was calling me to give a higher praise. [Music] Oh, there's a deep call to the deep. It's like a great magnet pulling me. Oh, I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. For I feel the cold. I feel the call. I hear the call. to get my all. He speaks to me and I Lord please come and take control. I feel the hope. Amen. We've heard a word of liberty this morning. He had to wake his preacher up at 2:00 a.m. for you. You know, I was thinking last night, we don't deserve it. Some of us don't deserve it a little more than others. We think that's what grace is for, for those that don't deserve it. Amen. For those that think they've wasted away their day of grace. For those that think that besetting sin will hold them back. For those that have been in the pawn shop for so long they don't know what it means to be in liberty. That's who grace is for. Not for those that deserve it. It's for those that don't think they deserve it. That's why he had to wake up brother Jonathan at 2:00 a.m. last night. I knew we were in for a good service when he wakes his servant up and says, "I've got something else that you need to bring." Amen. You can go free this morning. You can come out of the pawn shop. You say, "I've been serving the Lord for 20 years." Let me tell you, 20 year old believers, 20 year veterans, we still have needs. We still have things that are bound bound in our lives. Amen. But there's a spirit of God here this morning that brought us his word. We read that scripture in Psalms 107. He sent his word and delivered them. But you've got to take his word. You got to take him at his word. Amen. And then he does the work. Amen. We're going to sing that song. Break every chain. Amen. Break every chain. Church. I don't know some of you have a a a reservation. I know. I don't have any reservations this morning. You need a chain broken this morning. All you have to do is take him at his word. You don't break your chain. He breaks your chain. All you got to say is, "I want to go free. I want to go free. I don't want to deal with this anymore. I don't want to stay where I am anymore. I want to come up and give a higher praise." Church, what is a higher praise? It is a life lived by the word. It is not the praise of your mouth. It's the praise of your life by the power of the Holy Spirit living through you. You can say, "I've tried it before." Let him start trying. You try, he does. You attempt, he achieves. You fight, he wins the victory. Amen. It's not in trying, but it's in trusting. Amen. He's got to break the chain. But when he sets you free, the scripture says he who the son sets free is free indeed. It's a finished work. It's a total deliverance when he does it. You don't have to go in and out. You don't have to come and go. You don't have to have your ups and downs. Your emotions will go up and down. Life will go up and down. But you can stay steady in the storm because there is an anchor of your soul by the sealing power of the Holy Spirit in your life. Amen. There's a spirit here to break every chain this morning. And all you have to do is say, "Lord, I want it. I want to be free." The only thing that holds him back, he's a gentleman, is your will. You say, "I want to be free." He'll break the chain. But you got to raise your hand. How many times did you say last night, Brother Jonathan, he says, "There's a universal sign of surrender. Not one hand, two hands to break the barrier of gravity and say, "It's for me. I surrender. I surrender. Lord, I'm in your hands and you're going to do the work and you'll break every chain." The last one that's broken for me is death and hell and the grave. He's got the keys. I just don't feel it all the time. But there comes a day when we're going to be changed in a moment of a twinkling of an eye. But let me tell you, before that chain's broken, he's got to break every other chain in our life. Amen. It starts when you say, "Lord, I've heard my call. I want to be set free. Let me live in the liberty of your Holy Spirit." Amen. You want prayer, brother Jonathan? You got some more left in you. Can you pray for some more people? You want to be prayed? We'll pray. You want to be set free? The Lord will set you free. You want to be filled with the spirit, come ask. You want to be refilled, he'll refill you. In Acts chapter 2, he filled them. In Acts chapter 4, a couple days later, he came and refilled them. You say, "Brother John, I just got." You can get a refilling. I don't care how long you've been serving him. We all need a refilling. We need a refreshing from the presence of the Lord this morning. Amen. We've had it. But you say, "I haven't got what I need." You come and get it. You claim it this morning. It's yours to take. Amen. Break every chain. And there is power in the name of Hallelujah. Yes. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. us to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There is an arenal. [Music] There's an army rising up. There's an army rise enough to break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain to break every chain to break every chain to break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. There's an army rise up. She'll break every chain. She'll break every chain. She'll break every chain. Break every chain. She'll break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's another rise now. [Music] There's another rise. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every [Music] Every [Music] break every chain shall break every chain to break every break every chain. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break everything. Break everything. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. And there is power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. And there's an army rising up. Hallelujah. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. Amen. There is power in the name of Jesus. Amen. in the name of Jesus. And break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. 9:22. He will carry you. We're going to sing that. Thank you Jesus. There is no problem so big God cannot solve it. There is no mountain to heal. There is no storm to die. God cannot come in. Amen. There is no sorrow to thee that he cannot. [Music] And if he carries the weight of the world upon his shoulder, I know my brother and he will carry you. Yes, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. If he carries the weight of the world upon his shoulder. Amen. I know my sister that he will carry you. Thank you Lord Jesus. There is no problem. So big for God cannot stop it. Thank you Lord. There is no mountain to talk. He can move it. Hallelujah. There is no storm to die. What can I come in? Hallelujah. There is no sorrow to be he cannot. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We carry the weight of the world abundance. Amen. Praise the Lord. I know my brother that he will carry you. Amen. Praise the Lord. He carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I know my sister that he will carry you. And if he carry the weight of the world, upon is your Amen. Hallelujah. I know my brother that he will carry you. Bless the Lord. And if he carries the whale of the world, the body is sure. Thank you, Jesus. I know my sister that he will carry you. There is no problem so big. God cannot solve your choice. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There is no mountain to he. Oh, bless the Lord. And there is no storm to die. God cannot promise. Amen. There is no sorrow to deep. He can assume they praise the Lord. Hallelujah. If they carry the weight of the world upon his shoulder. Amen. I know my brother that he will carry you. Praise the Lord. If he carried the weight of the world upon his show, I know my sister that he will carry you. and defeat carrying the weight of the world of what he should. Amen. Praise the Lord. I know my brother that he will car. Amen. Lord, hallelujah. feet carrying the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Amen. I know my sister that he will car. Amen. Lord, my heart is open. 8:27us. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Lord, my heart is you come inside. Fill of all my being ever to abide. I've opened all the windows. thrown by every door. Won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I need you more and more. Lord, my heart is open. Bless the Lord. Won't you come inside? Amen. Fill up all my being ever to abide. [Music] I've opened all the windows. I've thrown wide every door. Won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I need you more and more. Thank you, Lord. Lord, my heart is open. Won't you come inside? Amen. Fill up all my beings ever to arrive. [Music] I hope not all the windows thrown might every Amen. Won't you come inside? Dear Lord, I need you more. [Music] Amen. 1165. I give myself away. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. Give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hand, Lord. I'm longing to see your days revealed in me. I give myself away. Give myself away so you can use me. Give myself away. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice. All my dreams. All my plans. Hallelujah. Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Give myself away so you can use me. Give myself away. Amen. Hallelujah. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord of all to see your days revealed in me. Give myself away. Hallelujah. Give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord I Amen. Give myself away. Amen. Give myself. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Can you me give myself away? [Applause] I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I longing to thee. Your days are revealed. Yes, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I give myself away. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I give myself away. So you take my heart. Take my Amen. as a livinging sacriice. Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Hallelujah. I give myself away so you can use me. Hallelujah. For every answered prayer 116. Not sure. For every answered prayer 1168. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. For every answered prayer 116 for every answered prayer. for always being there. For love that hears us when we call. For arms that lift us when we fall. You have always there right beside me. Amen. Praise the Lord. The light the way we made it through. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Because of you. Here we are lifting our hands to you. Oh, praise the Lord. Here we are. Giving you thanks for all you do. Yes, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. And we praise and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within our praise. For days we cannot see. Hallelujah. For all that's yet to be. the trials we may have to face. When we'll be leaning on your grace, it will be your strength that guides us. Your love that makes us strong. and through it all. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We'll sing the song. [Music] Here we are. We're lifting our hands to you. Amen. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise, amen, and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within our praise for days we cannot see. You want to finish it off. Okay. Amen. The trials we may have to face. when we'll be leaning on your grace. Oh, it will be your strength that guides us. Your love that makes us strong. Oh, through it all. We'll sing this song. Here we are lifting our hands to you. Oh, here we are giving you thanks for all you do. as we praise and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within [Music] our Amen. Can we say praise the Lord? Can we say thank you Lord? Amen. Isn't God good to us? Amen. I feel like it's been a long time coming. I'm sorry that I we didn't have special meetings before now. Amen. I'll try not to let it happen again, but Amen. I want to thank brother Jonathan tonight today. Amen. Absolutely. A tremendous message that we've received over these three days. Amen. Hopefully, he can come back again some other time. Amen. But I pray we don't get a chance. We have a meeting in the air before then. Amen. That's what I'm looking for. I don't want to wait for another preacher to come back. I'd rather not make it to Wednesday, quite frankly. I say, Lord, let's go. Amen. Help us to take what we've received and build on it bit by bit. Church, you can't stand still on what happened today. Build on it. Build on the word. Eat the word. Become the word. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing comes by the word and the word alone. Amen. God bless you each one. Amen. We're just going to pray. We have the food out there for those that can stay for the fellowship. Amen. God bless you each one for your your sacrifice to come through the weekend for your humility. It takes humility to come and be prayed for many times. Because you got to humble yourself to the word for the word to raise you up. Remember? And what does it do? It raises you up to its promise rather than what you can do in your strength. Amen. We praise the Lord this morning. God bless our visitors that came all this way and took time out of their day to come to services. Just praying the Lord will richly bless you each one. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so thankful. Lord, we are so thankful for your grace, for your goodness, Lord, for coming behind your word and doing what you said you would do. Lord, thank you for our heart to receive it, Lord. A call and a desire in our heart, Lord, for more and more of you. Lord, thank you for sending your servant our way all the way, Lord, from Ohio to come and preach, Lord, to the needs of your people in a special way. Lord, we pray you just abundantly bless him above and beyond. Restore him strength upon strength, Lord. May you just fill him a new Lord with an overflowing abundance of the word Lord and strength to deliver it Lord to your bride all around this world Lord. Bless him. Bless his family. Go with him Lord. And now we pray you bless our fellowship Lord. We pray you bless the food that we partake of Lord. And may you just be in our midst, Lord. Not just today, Lord, but as we move forward and press the battle, Lord. Help us to keep our sword sharp. Lord, help us to stay in your word and build on the experience we've had. Lord grant us grace each one in Jesus Christ's name now we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Music] like never before. Oh my soul [Music] worship again. [Music] eveningless. [Music] Thank you, Lord. I never soul I worship your holy name. [Music] soul to your name is great and your heart is all your goodness I will keep on singless [Music] Oh my soul, oh my soul, [Music] worshiping like worship your [Music] All that is in your soul will see your [Music] and forever my soul. Oh my soul, worship his holy name. Drink my soul. I worship your holy name. [Music] It's time to sing your song again. [Music] Bless the Lord my soul. Oh my soul worship his holy name. Sing worship your holy name. [Music] things like I worship your holy name.
