################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 20250601 - The Token Life Pt 56 - No Room For Fear Pt 7 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    20250601 - The Token Life Pt 56 - No Room For Fear Pt 7 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Znf_2GCD5nE
========================================

Description:
Scriptures and Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n23gX9VxTMYZEBhsWu5ayJw4_6D4Kbbu/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Stand. Lord, I believe in you. I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. I put my trust in you. Let the whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you, man. I believe in you. I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. Man, help us. Oh, I put my trust in you. And let the whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you. Sing it again. Oh Lord, I believe in you. I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. and I put my trust in you. Let the whole world say what they make. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you. [Music] Amen. Let's sing um 776. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. to see you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. And open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Huh? Let's sing it again. Open open the eyes and open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. To see you high and lifted up. Guided in the light of your [Music] glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, [Music] holy. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Amen. I want to see you. Amen. Got some uh prayer requests this morning. Just welcome everybody here this morning. Brother David gave us a request here for his nephew Steven who can't swallow, not even water, and sometimes difficult to breathe. So, we just pray grace to him. That's very serious. uh continue to keep brother Dale in prayer and sister Brenda. Uh Raphael, we took him in for an X-ray on Thursday and he's uh broken his collar bone. So, he's got to see a bone specialist. He seems to be doing fine, but uh we just cover your prayers for him. Uh also continuing to pray for brother Bobby Figueroa, Sister Lorie Snow, Brother Gourd Snow, Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson. Any other needs you have, just uh hold it on your heart. Um let's sing that one. and um uh you are awesome in this place. 1009. We'll start with the uh yeah with the verse and I'll ask you brother Bob if you can open in prayer just after we sing [Music] this. As I come into your presence again I'm sorry. Yeah, this is a different song. You are awesome in this [Music] place. I'm just I've lost it. Okay, I'm good. I'm good. [Music] Till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the glory of your face. I can only bow down and say you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba [Music] Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Of course again. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Have a [Music] father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty the verse. As I come into your presence, past the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the glory of your face. I can only bow down and sing. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba [Music] Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty [Music] God. Amen. Blessed heavenly father, we once again, Lord, bow in your presence this morning, thanking you, Lord, that you've given us the opportunity to come into your presence, Lord. Father, knowing Lord that there's a portion in here for each and every one of us. Father, we pray Lord that as we leave today, Father, we will be able to say, Father, that you've given us that portion. And Father, we just want to, Lord, by grace leave all the things that so easily beset us, Father, on the outside today. And Lord, just to enter into your awesome presence, Father, to know, Lord, that you're here willing to to touch each and every heart, Father, to minister to all the needs, Lord, that were mentioned, Father. Father, knowing, Lord, that there are sick among us, Father. There there are just large lot of needs, Father. But we just pray, Father, that by grace you would minister to each and everyone. For we know that nothing is too hard for you, Lord. Father, and that you Lord by grace have given us a promise to claim, Father, for every need, Lord, remembering that brother Steven, Lord, that just needs that touch from you that he might be able to swallow and be, Father, by grace have his soul, Father, just saved as well. Praying, Lord, grace, Father, to all the other needs, Lord, that were mentioned. Father, lift us up. We pray, Father. We ask Lord your blessing upon the musicians Lord the song leader Father and especially upon brother John as he brings the word today. Help him father to put himself aside and let you speak through him father to our hearts that we might be lifted up in heavenly places this day as we commit this service into your hands lord in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's sing number 260. All that thrills my soul is Jesus. And who can cheer the heart like Jesus? [Music] By his presence all [Music] divine and true and tender, pure and [Music] precious. Oh, how blessed to call he mine. And all that thrills my soul is Jesus. He is bold in life to me and the fairest of 10,000 in my blessed Lord I see. Amen. Love of Christ so freely give than grace of God beyond degree. Amen. Mercy higher than the [Music] air deeper than the deepest sea. All that thrills my soul is Jesus. He spent life to me and the fairest of [Music] 10,000 in my blessing Lord I see. Thank you Lord. For what a wonderful redemption. Never can a mortal know. [Music] How my sin, though red like [Music] crimson, can be whiter than the snow. All that thrills my soul is [Music] Jesus. He is more than life to me. and the fairest of [Laughter] [Music] 10,000 in my blessing. Lord I see and every need his hands supply every good in him I see on his strength if I rely in heaven He is all in it all to me. And all that thrills my soul is [Music] Jesus. He more than life to [Music] me. And the fairest of 10,000 [Music] Turn in my blessed Lord. I see by the crystal flowing ring the with the ransom I will sing. and forever and forever the praise and glorify the king. Amen. Thank you Lord. Oh that thrills my soul is [Music] Jesus. He is more than life to me. and the fairest of 10,000 turning. Thy blessed Lord I see. Sing it again. And all that thrills my soul is Jesus. He is bold and life to me and the fairest of 10 thou sent in my blessing Lord I see. [Music] Amen. Let's sing 116. Jesus name above all names. [Music] Jesus name above all names. Beautiful Savior. Glorious Lord of Lords. [Music] Immanuel, God is with us. Built redeemer, living word. Thank you Lord. Glory. Oh Jesus, name above all names, beautiful Savior, glorious Lord of Lords, Emmanuel. God is with us. Blessed redeemer, livinging word. Thank you Lord. Oh [Music] Jesus name above all names. Beautiful Savior. Glorious Lord our Lord. Emmanuel, God is with us. Blessed redeemer live. One more time. Thank you Lord. Glory. It's Jesus name above all names. Beautiful Savior. Glorious Lords of Lord Emmanuel God is we thank you Lord blessed redeemer living word let's sing the chorus to the song Um, little by little 10:13. This is for the little kids, but it's a good message in there for all of us. I think we know it. If not, we'll learn it. And little by little, I'm changing. I'm growing. Little by little. I hope that it's showing. I'm not who I'll be. I'm not who I was. I'm somewhere in the middle. But God is changing me. Little by [Music] little, little by little, I'm changing. I'm growing. Little by little. I hope that it's showing. I'm not who I'll be. I'm not who I was. I'm somewhere in the middle. But God is changing me. Little by little. One more time. And little by little, I'm changing. I'm growing. Little by little. I hope that is showing. I'm not who I'll be. I'm not who I was. I'm somewhere in the middle. But God is changing me little by little. Amen. Just that's our testimony. Let's sing 7:17. Holy Spirit rain down. Holy Spirit [Music] rain down. Rain down. [Music] Oh, and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy [Music] Spirit rain down my granite. Holy Spirit rain down. [Music] rain down. Oh comforter and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. [Music] rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain down. Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Oh, and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain down. One more time. Oh, Holy Spirit, rain down. But stand. Oh, rain down. Oh comforter and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain [Laughter] down. Amen. Let's sing. Uh 722 Jehovah Gyra. [Music] Jehovah Gyra my [Music] provider. You are more than. Thank you Lord for me. Jehovah Rafa you're my healer. [Music] By your stripes I've been set free. Glory. Jehovah sh you are with me. You supply all my needs. You are more than [Music] enough. Oh, more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Sing it again. Jehovah Gyra my profider. You are more than enough for me and all the rocka. You're my healer. [Music] By your stripes I've been set free. Jean, you are with me. You supply all my needs. You are more than enough. Thank you, Lord. Oh, more than enough. You are more than enough. for me. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, you are our everything. You are our all and all. Lord, all that we have need of is found in you, heavenly father. Lord, you're our shelter, our protector, our provider, our healer, healer, our savior, Lord, our shepherd and guide, Lord. And we're here again this morning, Lord, just to show that we are the sheep of your pasture, Lord. That we're coming to the right place this morning, Lord, for all of our needs, all of our burdens, Lord. All of our questions, all of our concerns, Lord, we're coming to you this morning. and we're laying them at your feet, Lord. Trusting that you do all things well, Lord. Trusting that you're in it all, Lord. Trusting that as if we have faith to lay it at your feet, Lord, you'll pick it up and you'll deal with it the way that you see best each one. So, Lord, we thank you this morning. We thank you for your word. We thank you for your promises, Lord. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for your goodness, heavenly father. Lord, and we look for the good things of God this morning in this service, Lord, that as your word would come forth, Lord, it would go into our lives, into our very hearts and souls, Lord, discerning the needs, Lord, speaking where we're at, Lord, speaking life, speaking freedom, speaking healing, Lord, deliverance, whatever it may be this morning, Lord. We're looking to you as the great provider. Lord, bless your people, each one. Lord, bless those that the needs that have been spoken. Lord, may you move in each life. We pray. Lord, be with us now. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to First John chapter 4. 1 John chapter 4. Good to see each one. Good to see the whiffins here. The whole bench there this morning. God bless you. Amen. I see Nadine's back with us. And I'm assuming Cassandra maybe. Yes. Amen. Good to see you back. Glad to have you with us this morning. Amen. First John chapter 4, very familiar scripture. Verse 18, he says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear, because fear had torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love." And then he says, "We love him because he first loved us." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. We want to continue our thought. We've been preaching on this series on the Holy Ghost life, the token life. And I want to take yet another service on this idea of no room for fear. And last service we spoke about fear. And we spoke about faith and how they are polar opposites. And you can't have faith and fear at the same time. Just like you can't be hot and cold at the same time. You can move from one to the other, but you can't be both at the same time. The scripture shows us you can't be fearful and have faith at the same time. You've got to commit to one or the other. You got to decide which one you're going to lay hold of. And we want to focus on faith. Amen. Faith comes from God. Fear comes from the devil. Remember, we went to Genesis and we saw that fear came from believing a lie of Satan. And faith comes from believing the word of God, the truth that comes from God. Amen. And we'll see that fear is conditional. Fear looks at circumstances. Fear looks at what's going on. Fear looks at at what our our five senses declare and it comes up with something there. But faith is an absolute. Faith doesn't change. See, that's the thing. Fear goes up and down based on the situation. Faith stays flat no matter what. It just is. It's just there because it's not conditional. It's an absolute because it's resting on what God says about the situation. And I'll tell you one thing, I want to live by that absolute every day. Amen. I don't want to have fear in my life. I don't want to have that anxiety, that worry, but I want to have that absolute flat calmness that comes from knowing that God is in control. But if we get into this thought of how do we get rid of fear? How does fear get cast out of our lives? We read in 1 John 4 there where it says perfect love casts out fear. And we spoke about this a little bit last service how that we don't have perfect love in and of ourselves. Humanly speaking, it's not possible to have perfect love. We have emotional love. We have relational love. We have physical and intimate love. We have performance-based love. We have all of these things. But when we look at perfect love, we cannot have that ourselves because perfect love is the love of God. Amen. And you can't have the love of God if you're not God. If I could put it that way. So in our nature, we can't project, we can't produce perfect love in ourselves. Amen. We aren't born with it. We can't create it. We can't aspire to it. Amen. But we can get it. We can get this perfect love. Amen. Because it's of God. And if God gives us to it, gives it to us, then we can have it. But there's only one way that we can do that. And if we go back to 1 John 4, then it says this, "Beloved." He says, "Let us love one another." Now, that word is love is a specific one because you'll look in the in the scriptures and the word love changes based on what it's talking about. But this is a verb. It's an action. In the the Greek there is agapo and it means it's the act of loving perfectly. So he says beloved let us love perfectly or in other words let us love as god loves. Let us love one another as god loves. He says for love. Now we switch from a verb to a noun. It's an object. Agape. He says for agape God's love is of God. And everyone that agapos everyone that loves like God loves is born of God. and knows God. He says, "He that loveth not knoweth not God." You can't love perfectly unless you've met the love of God. He says, "For God is love." The very defining attribute, the very character of God is love. And from that love comes mercy. From that love comes grace. And from that love, we'll see as sons and daughters comes correction. It's all the same love. See, we want the the the feel-good love, the filial love. That is not the love of God. The love of God is perfect because it is always for your benefit. It is not to make God feel good about how you feel towards him, if I could put it that way. So often we make decisions, we we love somebody based on how we want to feel after we've done it. Amen. We give things to our kids. We give into our kids. We give in to our spouse. We give in to our boss, whatever it might be. We give into societal pressure because we want them to like us. We want them to love us. And so we give them what they want rather than what is best for them. But God's love is perfect. It's unconditional. It's not based on if you're going to respond the right way. It's based on is this the right thing for my son or my daughter. That's what perfect love is. Amen. It's a love that's for our best interests always. It's always for our good. And he says in this was manifested the love of God. And this is is manifested the perfect unconditional love because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him. And he says herein is love. Herein is perfect love. He says not that we love God. In other words, whether we love him or not does not change his love for us. That's quite a thought because we love each other. But if you stop loving me, then chances are I'm going to stop loving you. If we could put it that way, in our human nature, somebody doesn't like me, guess what? I'm going to say, "Well, I don't like you either." Amen. The Clintar group is here. That's the way we are. We're responsive love. God's love isn't like that. He says, "Herein is real love. Not that we love God." In other words, it's not from us. He says, "But that he loved us." So perfect love is to us, not for not from us. We don't create it. It comes to us. He says, "And he sent his son to be the propitiation for our sins." Abraham says this. He says, "When God saw the sin of this world and saw that men were dying without hope, could not be saved. And yet he knew that men would love him. They didn't love him, but he says he knew they would love him." He said it strained God and it proved his nature. God's nature is love. God is love and it strains God's nature until he had to provide a way of escape for those that wanted to escape. He says, "And he sent his son into the world made in the likeness of sinful flesh to bear our sins and sickness to Calvary." God did it. He says the love of God going out calling for sovereign grace. That's why I'm saying it comes to us. It does not come from us. This is perfect love. He says, "And God never said,"If you'll do it, if you'll do this, then I'll do this." He said, "God, without any conditions, without any conditions, he sent his son to die in your place and settle the sin question." It had nothing to do with what you think about it. God did it anyhow. He says, "Divine love put to a strain, sovereign grace has to take its place." That's all there is. When divine love is set at the right place, this is perfect love. It goes into action independent of whether or not you'll receive it. What you're going to think about it, what you're going to do about it. It goes out because it knows that there is someone that will receive it and respond to it. But it's not based on time. It's based on an absolute. It's based on an absolute. Back to John 4, he says 1 John 4, he says, "Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another." In other words, if we freely receive this perfect love, we ought to give this perfect love. Now, this is a challenge because Jesus said, "By this shall all men know that you're my disciples." If you have love one for another, which means it's not based on whether they shake your hand, whether they give you a hug, whether they're your friend or not. You love them because they're a part of the body of Christ. And let me say it this way, you don't know who is a part of the body of Christ. So that means that I just don't share that love with the people that go to my church or sit under my ministry. But it has to be for everyone I come across because perfect love is calling them back to the body. And it's God that's working through us. We'll see this as we go through this service. Amen. What is it? God's love moves from spirit to flesh. And now he's working with your hands, your feet, your mouth, your nature, your life to bring other people to him. He says, "No man has seen God at any time, but they see him through you." That's perfect love expressed. He says, "If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us." This line, "His love is perfected in us." It's a beautiful meaning. It means that his love has reached the apex. His love has reached the pinnacle of its intention and expression in you. You're the perfect expression of the love of God this morning. Amen. were the full and complete expression of the love of God. Amen. Think of it this way. God's love is only truly and perfectly expressed because you exist. Wow. Because it was only in his thoughts, but now it's brought into a reality. And we see the love of God now moving from thought into action and it's producing itself. And so you stand here, you sit here this morning as objects of his love. The word has produced the object of his love. It's produced the bribe without spot or wrinkle. It's produced the people that will receive the love, the word of God this morning. Amen. So it's perfectly expressed in you and I. It's not enough that he thought it. It's it's that he had to bring it into a reality. That's perfect love expressed. He says, "Now hereby we know." This is how we know that we dwell in him and he in us. He says, "It's because he hath given us of his spirit." Amen. So perfect love is expressed in this thought that regardless of our condition, God loved us past, God loves us present, and God will keep loving us future. It is his elective love as we talked about. It is not based on where we're at this morning. It's based on that he decided to love us. Remember we read the scriptures. Jacob have I loved, Esau have I hated, having neither been born nor done right or wrong. God has an elect group that he loves and it's independent of our conduct. That's not why he loves us. But we'll see that we get into closer relationship based on our actions cuz we can get closer to him based on what we do. And he'll come in as we open up the door to him inside of our lives. Amen. So it's but but this love is independent of our faith, of our ignorance, of our fear, of our worries, of our our human abilities or inabilities, of our flaws. It's independent of all of these things. Amen. God loves us. Period. End of story. If you are his child, if you are his child. Amen. We've got to know this morning that God loves us because the antidote to fear is knowing that God loves you. Amen. And we'll dig into that this morning. Amen. Because what? Perfect faith, perfect love rather, brings perfect faith. And that is what takes away the fear. It takes the place of fear. We're not going to get any place over fear this morning if we don't know that God loves us. We've got to know that we are his children this morning. That he loves us. And that everything that's happening in our life is for purpose. How do we know he loves us? John says, "Because he's given us his spirit." That's when you know you're really a child of God is when God gives you his Holy Spirit. Up to then, it's just theory. I think he loves me. But he says when he gives you his spirit, that's how you know that he loves you because what? He's put himself inside of you. He's now he's now living in your body. You are the temple of the Holy Ghost. You're the dwelling place of God. That's how you know that he loves you is that he's come down and he's dwelling with you. And once he dwells with you, church, he never goes away. You're sealed to the day of your full redemption. We know these things. Amen. And so we come to this idea of perfect love, casting out fear. When you know that he loves you because he's given you his spirit, you can walk through life now with confidence because if he's with you, he's going to take you through no matter what. That's the confidence that we have in him. Amen. So as we come into life situations, as we come into struggles and hard times, that's when our faith in the love of God is tested is when things don't look so loving. But yet, we have to come to this idea that God loves us and he's in it for our best interests. Amen. That's when we're challenged on whether he really loves us and whether we love him. Paul would say this in Romans. He says, "Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace through God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand." Remember, it's it's by faith by grace through faith that we are saved. And that not of yourselves. It's a gift of God. This is a work of his from start to finish. He says, "And we rejoice in hope of the glory of God, and not only so, but we glory in tribulations." And the church said, "A a half-hearted amen." Listen, do we glory in tribulations? My goal this morning is to get you to glory in tribulations. There's a bunch of stone faces and a couple grins. That's a that's a big goal this morning, isn't it? Paul said, John, sorry, Paul said, we glory in tribulations. Now, watch why we glory in tribulations. Knowing, this is a revelation, knowing that tribulation workketh patience. He says, knowing that tribulation, hard times, they produce patience. And patience produces experience. Now, this word experience means proof. In other words, tribulations produce proof of something. He says, "And that proof, that experience produces hope." Now, remember what hope is. Hope is the time element of faith. Faith says God's going to do it. Hope says God's going to do it today. Hope is the expectation of God to move today. Church, why would we believe he's going to move tomorrow? Let's believe for today. Don't put off till tomorrow what God can do for us today. That's what hope is. Hope is an everpresent expectation for God to produce his word in your life. That's where we want to live. Remember, it's faith, hope, and charity. But the greatest of these is charity. But you need faith and you need an expectation. And that expectation will be bring proof of the love of God. He says, "And hope expectation he says it maketh not ashamed." In other words, hope doesn't bring dishonor or disgrace because it didn't happen today. See, we testify and so often we get ashamed because what we testified didn't happen in our time in our timeline in what we believed would happen and we can feel shame. He says don't feel ashamed. Your testimony of the moving of God in your life, it is it has to be a dayby-day experience and he won't leave you hanging. He won't leave you ashamed. Amen. We trust God's timing, but we believe for today. That's the way I want to believe. I want to believe he's going to move today, not tomorrow. But we won't feel betrayed if there's faith behind it. He says, "Hope doesn't make us ashamed because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us." Amen. That's the anchor of our soul. That's the anchor of the Christian experience is that I have received the life of Jesus Christ inside of me. That's the thing that keeps me. It's not how I'm feeling today. Church, as a pastor, there are days where I don't feel very Christian. I don't feel like an overcomer. I don't feel like I've got it all figured out. Now, I never want to express that because that's not a faith. But the feeling of the Christian walk is not always one of victory. When you're in the middle of the battle, all you're thinking about is, "Will I survive this moment? Am I going to make it through the day? Can I keep my sanity? Can I keep my energy? Can I just make it to my bed tonight?" And all the mom said, "Amen." We're just trying to get through. The feeling of our Christianity is not what matters. It's the anchor of our soul by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Say, "You have met Jesus Christ. He has anchored himself in your life and nothing can change it." That is what keeps me going day by day. Not whether I feel like a believer or not. Amen. He's confirmed that you are his and he is yours. He says this. There's no fear to the sailor how hard the ship is being buffeted by the waves as long as that anchor is holding in the top of the mountain yonder. What happens when you get into a situation with the ship is you drop the anchor. And you have to have an anchor that's rated for the size of your ship. You guys that go offgore offshore, you see the anchors that they use. My dad used to work offshore and boy, when they would hit anchors on some of these drill ships, absolutely massive. You're talking chains that are 6 8 in in diameter on the links and when they let them go and all they see is sparks going there. And you think, why is the chain need to be so big? Because it's got thousands and thousands of ship tons of ship that it's got to hold no matter what comes. And so what do they do? They have confidence in the anchor. The confidence is not in the sailor. The confidence is that the anchor holds. So you got an anchor and if that anchor is secured in one of those underwater mountains in good soil in good ground and it's grabbed a hold, you know that no matter what comes, as long as the anchor holds, you're going to be okay. Your faith is in the anchor, not in how you feel. Your faith is in the anchor, not in what it looks like outside. That's what he says. If you know your anchor holds, you're going to be okay. He says it isn't going to get in it's not going to the ship's going to stay up. It isn't going up against some rock somewhere. It isn't going to get in some shallow water and be turned over because it's got the absolute anchor to the top of some mountain. Now, he brings it to us. He says, "Now when a man can pray the prayer of faith and anchor his soul yonder in the word of God where all heavens and earth will pass away, but my that word cannot." He says, "There is no fear because what? I've anchored my soul to his word. I've anchored my circumstances to his word. My rest is not in me. My rest is in where I'm anchored this morning." That's my rest. That's what's holding me. It's not do I hold on. It's am I anchored to the unmovable? And what is it? It's by faith in the word of God that we stand this morning. It's not that I have stood this time. It's because he has held me by the anchor of his word and the power of his spirit. He says, "Let them come say whatever they want to." Our faith is in God and God alone. We believe it. Can I bring this to a real world example? Well, I had some fun doing this in in my study yesterday. As you know, my my in-laws live in California and sometimes we happen to have enough money to go to one of the big theme parks or the amusement parks. And I'll tell you, church, they know how to make rides over there. You know, we have the these roving uh you know uh things that go through with all the rides, amusement parks. You know, these are not mere little swings and and roller coasters that are 20 ft up in the air. These are big, huge structures meant to scare the living daylights out of you. They have rides that are so fast and change direction so fast it's possible to black out in them. It's like being in a fighter jet. They've got them that will accelerate faster than any car that's out there in the world today. They've got them that can turn. so quickly going through the vertical that you are elevate. You are you levitate in your seat. You defeat gravity on these rides. Okay. Now, Selena and I spent a day at Magic Mountain. The favorite ride I had, I think probably hers as well, was called Tatsu. And this is a ride where you're in almost a Superman pose. So what you do is you're hanging from something that is above. Hallelujah. There is nothing beneath you. Everything is holding you from above. So you are strapped in to a harness and you hang there and you're in a Superman pose. Nothing beneath you. Nothing to make you feel good about yourself and you're face first into whatever's coming. You're dead if anything goes wrong. But it's the most amazing thing. Amen. as long as you think you're going to make it through. Now, as we're going through this, so you have to make up your mind going into these rides. Am I going to enjoy it or am I going to scare the livers out of myself? And let me tell you, it's a decision you make because if you think about it, why are we scared of the ride? We're scared because we think something might happen. We're scared ultimately because we don't think it's safe. And if we don't think it's safe, it's because we don't trust the guy or the woman that designed it. Ultimately, we're scared because we don't trust the person that puts us in that situation. If we really stop and think about it, which none of us do when we're in a theme park. Only engineers and pastors think about these things, right? Now, I'm an engineer and I have an appreciation. I have an understanding. I have a knowledge of the work that goes into designing these things. And as technologies gotten better, as materials have gotten better, then they can do more and more with these things. But every single ride is overengineered massively. Overengineered. You can put the biggest loads and stresses through that that you could ever do. It could go twice the speed and it would still hold up. It's engineered to keep you safe. So when I'm on these rides, my body is screaming, "We're going to die. We're going to die. We're going to die." But my mind is screaming, "Trust the engineer. Trust the engineer. Trust the engineer." And in the end, I go in, and you can laugh at me. This is the way I handle these rides. I go in and I say, "I'm going to enjoy it because I know I'm going to make it through the other side." Amen. My mind is saying, "This is amazing. I would love to do this for a job. Woohoo." And and Selena's beside me going, "Woo!" the whole time. Amen. But does that mean I enjoy every time my face gets flattened by sudden acceleration or deceleration or my stomach flip-flops as I go through a a crazy car? We went inside, outside, upside down on this ride. all suspended. Phenomenal. I highly recommend it. But I'm sitting there, I'm saying, "It's amazing that I can put my body through this and enjoy it. Sister Brenda is not going. There is no way that she's going." But here's the thing. The other thing I love to do after I've convinced myself it's safe and I'm going to make it and I've had my brief moment of enjoyment is I start to look and listen around me. And you'll notice that there's two groups. Amen. There are those that are fearful, that are overwhelmed, that don't know how to react, and so all they can do is scream. Maybe not appropriate for church, but there was a group of young ladies behind Selena and myself and they cursed the entire time. They were just completely overwhelmed. But then you have these people and their hands out. They love it. It's great. It's beautiful. Now, they may think it's great because they're ignorant. They haven't considered the idea that something bad might go wrong or it's because they know that it's safe and so they're just going to enjoy the moment. But I'll tell you this, the only reason I can enjoy it is because I have faith in the designer of my situation. Amen. Difference is I chose this. We go through life, there are some things we do choose. There are some things that are chosen for us. And the question we come back to is, do we trust the designer that put us in the situation in the first place? Amen. I'm not saying you have to enjoy hard situations, Sister Brenda, but we have to trust the hard situations that the ultimate engineer, the author and the finisher of our faith has put us there because we can go through it. Because we can make it through. And not only that, but when we come through it, we'll have character that's just like his. It'll be better on the other side regardless of how flip-floppy and inside outside upside down the ride was than when we started the ride. Amen. I'll tell you one thing. I believe that those that go the second time, they might be scared the first time, but having made it through, they probably enjoy it a little more the second time because they know I'm going to make it. Sometimes that's all we need to do is make it through the first one. And then we say, "Okay, Lord, I can do this. I can do this with you. I can do this with faith. I can do this with trust." And we can start to relax even in the middle of the roller coaster of life. When hard times are hitting us, amen, knowing that you are in his hands. So, we can now go into a situation and rather than say, "I don't want to be here. I don't see how God can work in this. I've got no money. I've got no energy. I've got no strength. I've got no education. I've got no assets. I've got no forward vision as to how this working out. We can go in and say, "I can't wait to see how God does this." We can walk in with an attitude of, "I'm going to look for the praise in the situation rather than look for the fear in the situation." We can walk in and say, "Listen, I've got to ride the roller coaster no matter what." So, I can go into it with an expectation and a hope to see the glory of God revealed in me, or I can go in there wondering and worrying and full of anxiety and frustrations and despair and dread day in and day out. That's not the way to do it, church. That is not the way to go through life. That's a fearful way of going through life. Amen. Our expectation should be, I'm going to come out better than I went in. Last service, we spoke of absolutes. We talked about that word all. And we read in Psalms 103 where God said to forget not all his benefits and that he forgives all of our iniquities and that he heals all of our diseases. And I want to take that again this morning as we go back to Romans 8 and talk about the absolute that he gives us here. He says in Romans 8, he says, "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose." And we're going to spend the rest of this service on this on the scripture alone. He says, Paul says, "And we know." We've got to know. How do we know? First of all, we know because he said so. That's the only way. You got to take him at his word this morning. If he says so, you've got to stand there and say, "I believe you, Lord." Amen. You look in the book of Jeremiah where God is talking through Jeremiah to the children of Israel and they're in captivity in Babylon and he's saying, "Listen, this is only for a season. It's only for 70 years." Amen. And so in other words, the trial that they faced, the circumstances they were in were timebound. And it was for their good. It was for a purpose. Amen. But the ultimate purpose of God, even for them being in Babylon, was for good and not for evil. And he says in Jeremiah 29:11, he says, "For I know the thoughts that I think towards you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace, not of evil, to give you an expected end." Church, he tells us his thoughts. He shares with us his thoughts so that we know what he's trying to do while he's doing it. Even before he does it, he gives us insight into what's coming. So that when it hits us, we can have faith. Hey, he told us this was coming. We look around this world today and we see the absolute fall of marriage. We see the fall of politics. We see the fall of the economics. We see the fall of the character of the people. And it doesn't cause us to worry. Why? because the scripture says as it was in the days of Lot, in the days of Sodom and Gomorrah, it's got to be the same way today. And so we know we're in that time. So we don't worry, but we say, "Even so, come Lord Jesus. The season is here. The signs are here. I'm ready to go." And we make ourselves ready. We're not in fear or worry, but we're in expectation because we see his promises because he loves us and he shares his thoughts with us. Amen. He says, "My thoughts are of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end." In other words, circumstances are just tools in his hands to produce an end effect. What is the end effect, church? It's to bring us into the fullness of the promises of God. That's what he's trying to do. To make his word live in us, to produce his word inside of us. Amen. The result is guaranteed. And all he's doing is asking us, trust the process. Trust the process. Don't fight the process. Step into it with a heart of faith. He says, "Now we know what that all things." How many things? All things. That means there are no exceptions to the things that happen in the life of a believer, of a child of God. Let me say it that way. Amen. There isn't a single event in your life, past, present, or future, that doesn't work for your good. All things work together. Amen. Even your mistakes and your failures work for your good. Now see, that doesn't work for the children of this world. But that works for children of God. Amen. Look at Jonah. Jonah disobeyed God and God still worked it out for his good and the work and and for the good of the city of Nineveh. Amen. Catch this distinction. the the the event the thing may feel horrible. I it's not about how you feel going through it that makes it good. It's never about that. Amen. The the circumstances may be extremely difficult. And listen, all things doesn't mean just the good things in life. See, we think good things work good things. No, all things work good things for a believer, for a child of God. Amen. That's what all mean all means. And so sometimes we do the wrong thing. And instead of destroying our lives the way it would somebody in the world, God will come behind and what will he do? He'll let us reap what we sow, but he'll help us to learn the lesson in the reaping. Most people go through pain and suffering constantly because they never learn from their mistakes. We see it. We see it in our country. We see it in our politics. We see it in our fiscal policy. We see it in life choices. We see it in relationship choices. People get married and divorced and then they go and they rinse and repeat it over and over again because they never learn from what caused the first one over and over. They never learn. But when you're a child of God, God will chastise us. He'll let us reap what we sow, but he'll show us by correction where the problem is. And usually what he does is he lets us do it early on so that later on we don't have the big effects. See, he gives us sometimes we say God's overreacting. What I'm doing here is such a small thing. He's overreacting now because if you get the lesson now, you won't have to deal with the big consequences later. Amen. He'll let us learn from those lessons. Sometimes God will use our absolute disobedience. We talked about Jonah. I know people that left God, you know, as a young person, they they walked away from from from God. They walked away from church. They backslid and they went out and they got married and then God brought them back and he brought their spouse with them. Listen, I will never encourage you to do that, but I'm not God. God doesn't tell you to go out, but what? All things work together for good. So, you can go out in disobedience, and God will use that disobedience to hook somebody else and bring them in. That's the kind of God we serve this morning. I know multiple couples that have had that happen. Again, I don't recommend it, but God can turn bad things into good things. He says, "All things what? work together for good. Notice he didn't say all things work for good. That's the problem we get into so many times. Amen. It's not the individual event that works for good, but when you take the whole sum of everything, it works together for good. Some things aren't good in and of themselves. We lose a loved one, somebody dies. That's not a good thing to us. We've lost somebody we love. But sometimes that's what it takes to shake somebody out of their stuper and they realize, hey, there's a heaven, there's a hell, there's a life, and then there's death and they'll come back to God because of the loss of that person. We've seen things like that. You know, some of you know, I had a little fender bender here not too long ago in February and backed out of a driveway in the middle of a snowstorm and somebody was there parked in a black car. Didn't see it, couldn't see it, whatever. Stupid, right? And I beat myself over that. I was like, "How did I how did I hit that person?" So, I backed into them. It was just a minor dent in and of itself. My car really didn't have much damage at all. Theirs had a pretty good ding on the door. Amen. That's that's that's a hit to my car insurance now when I renew in in in August. I'm going to bear the burden of raised insurance costs. And I don't care what you tell me. That ain't a good thing. I don't need a raise in my cost of living this morning. Amen. But what happened? My wife was with me. I'd have done the same thing whether she was with me or not, just for the record. But I took the biggest envelope I had, the thickest one, because it was snowing. And so whatever I gave put on the windshield as a note was going to get soaked. So I I I wrote on there my my information and contact details and whatnot. And then I wrapped it up tightly and put it under her windshield wiper. And so I went away and I and and uh I said, "I don't I don't know if that's going to hold up, but I mean, what can I do?" We waited around for a while. Nobody came out. And so we said, "Well, we got to go home." So we went home. Then we went on our ski trip and I came back and I still hadn't heard. So what I did is I reached out to the police and I said, "Hey, this is what happened. Here's what I did. I haven't heard from this person. Can you here's their plate number. Can you contact them and pass on my information?" They came back said, "Thank you very much. We've had an incident reported. We passed on your information to this person." So I get a phone call a couple hours later from this woman that's just gushing and she's like, "God love you." No, not many people would have done that. And she was so thankful because she said I was going to have to pay out of pocket to fix my door. $2,000. And she said, "Now I don't have to do that. Thank you for doing that." And she said, "Why did you do it?" I said, "I'm a Christian. It was the right thing to do." And she said, "Well, it's good to know there's real Christians around." I said, "I'm a pastor." She said, "Well, I'd like to come to your church sometime." I said, "You come anytime you want." Told her where it was. Church, if God has to ding my insurance to give a witness to somebody that Christ is still alive and well with a people, ding my insurance. Why? Cuz he provides. Jehovah Gyra, listen. Whether I have money in the bank or don't have, I can't take it with me. I don't know if you know this. We can't take it with us. I've got to I've got to hold all things loosely. And if he wants to use my insurance premiums to give a witness to somebody that Christ still lives in people, then let it let it happen to me. He'll provide. He'll make a way. Amen. What is it? Satan loves to take these bumps in the road and that's all they are, church. Let's be honest. They're just bumps in the road. And what does he do? He magnifies them and he turns mo he turns mole hills into mountains. And all of a sudden, we're worried and we're anxious and we're fighting and we're frustrated and we're in despair and we've worked out 83 possible bad situations and not a single one that says, "And what if God just works it out for me?" Why? Because Satan loves to magnify and make you fear. And God says, "Be still and know that I am God." That's the way that he works. Amen. What does Satan focus on? Satan focuses us on today, right here, right now. And what does God do? God pulls us back. He says, "Look at the big picture. Look at eternity. Look, I'm in it whether you see it or not." That's what we've got to do. We've got to step back and say, "God, what's really going on? God, where are you at in this?" Listen, we may be where we are because we made some dumb choices. And sometimes we're there because we made the right choices. And regardless, we've got to say, "Lord, will you enter the situation?" Amen. We've got to look at the big picture and trust that God is with us no matter what. Listen, sometimes we've got to go into a a place where we've got to show how committed we are to what we believe. And let me tell you, there's no greater place to show that than in the workplace. That's when you get tested. Do you really believe or not? Amen. There are things that we don't do no matter what. Your employer says this what we're doing, then you say, "I'm sorry. I'm not going to do that." There are affiliations we will not be a part of no matter what. And we have to be able to stand up and say ain't going to do it. You business owners, there are things we don't do. There are ways that we run a business. Remember what Jesus said? He says, "Render unto Caesar that which belongs to Caesar." I've been around believers that were funding their entire private lifestyle out of their business and writing things off that had nothing to do with their business. Church, we don't need to cheat to be blessed of God. We don't need to do that. We can't be cheating and say, "I'm blessed of God." I've gone through multiple audits on my taxes because we do charitable donations and it's usually significant compared to the rest of the world. And I have never, as far as I remember, ever had to pay into an audit. You know why? Because I did it exactly by the book. When I moved here, my mom said, "John, you are going to get audited on your move." She said, "Keep receipts for everything." And sure enough, I did. I sent them over 70 pages of documentation and I didn't I didn't I didn't do anything that was a I had receipts for things that I went back and returned portions of it cuz I didn't need it. Boxes and stuff. I showed them that I took those receipts back and I got money back. I didn't claim the whole thing. I could have. They would never have known. But I did it exactly to the penny. I sent them over 70 pages of documentation. They came back and they gave me $18 back. I have either been had no nothing owed or given money back on every single audit. You know why, church? Because I went in with a clear conscience. And I said, "Lord, I've done everything I know to do this right. And I didn't put in anything that I didn't have. And every time it comes back, I'm okay." See, I can go in with confidence that he's on my side because I've kept him by my side when I did the work. Amen. My conscience is clear in those sorts of things. Amen. There are things we can't do no matter what. And when we say, "I'm sorry, I can't do that." The world sees, hey, they really believe what they believe. They don't believe until my career's on the line, until my promotion's on the line, until my employment's on the line. No, they believe no matter what. And I'll tell you this, the pressure is coming more and more and more. I envy you that are retired because it is getting worse and worse every day. It's ratcheting down. They're trying to force so much down our throats. And we've got to be able to stand up and say, "Sorry, that's not for me. It's not for me." Listen, our ambitions have to be subject to the will of God. Always. Always. I've seen time and time again where God gives favor in my life. And I've seen time and time again where God withdraws favor. And you say, "What happened?" When I was in Edmonton, I grew their bottom line 25% in an established business. Very difficult to do. Completely attribut attributable to my team and myself. We went into a market they'd never done anything in. And we grew their bottom line by millions and millions of dollars. And what did they do? Six years later, they canned me. Just like that, right? So what did I do? I had all sorts of opportunities. I was given a reference by a friend to a law firm that would get me more money than they ever offered. And I prayed about it and I said, "Lord, what do I do?" He says, "Let it go. Take what they offer and walk away." What was that for? Peace of mind. I don't need to fight. The Lord's on my side. And guess what? They gave me 10 week severance. And on the day after the 10 weeks was up, I started my new employment. And I got a 10-week paid vacation. It was wonderful. Why? Because he's on my side. He's working all things for my good. Amen. But Brad, I was listening to this. He said, he was praying. He says, "Take our hearts and our will in your own hand and let us become prisoners to the word, to Christ." He says, "May we live godly lives here. May these women, these young women, these young men, boys and girls, surrender their life, Lord, and may their ambition become the ambition to serve Jesus Christ." He says, "And let us become a prisoner of his divine grace and will." Church, we need a change in our ambition. Remember what Jesus said, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God." We need our ambitions changed to seek what he wants for us and then he says, "You do that and everything else will be added unto you as you need and as he sees fit." Amen. I remember in British Columbia, I I've talked about this many times. I had the golden handcuffs making more money than I ever made in my life. And I was miserable. I was stressed. I was doing phenomenal work. And yet there was one guy that was out for me. And it was just raising my blood pressure. I was having trouble sleeping. All of these different things. And I prayed about it and I said, "Lord, what do you want me to do?" And he said, "Let it go. Let it go." Right? It's just filthy mammon. It's money. Who cares? And what did he do? He gave me two weeks off and then he popped me in another job. I was supposed to take off I was that was in mid-occtober. I was supposed or or end of October I think I was supposed to go elk hunting. I was supposed to go deer hunting. I'd never had a chance in British Columbia. Take all this time off. Just detox, relax. Blanco was like, "Do it, John. Just take a couple months off. We're good." Well, guess what? I quit my job. Brother Jonah calls me. He says, "I'm going elk company hunting. Come take my church while I'm gone." So I that week was gone and then I went back and I hunted for a day and a half and I got a job offer and I had to come back and start work. Church, God takes care of his people. We're not meant to sit here and be so overwhelmed and overcome by something as simple as money and he's taken care of me time and time and time again. You know, we look at ambition. We want to be the biggest. We want to be the best. We want to be the greatest. We want to be the fastest, the strongest, the wealthiest, whatever that might be. And I'll tell you, church, if that's in the will of God, it will take extreme character. And if you have extreme character, then that's going to take extreme testing. Because remember, character is a victory, not a gift. And so, if you go through something like that and you want to be the absolute best in this world in God's will, he's going to put you through character testing like nobody else. I read something and this is this isn't exactly what it said because I couldn't find it but it said people envy successful people but they never envy the path that got them there. You look at what happens in the scriptures to to men and women of God that achieve great things. You talk about a path of character development. Absolutely incredible. You want to be the greatest? You got to be like the least. You got to humble yourselves. You got to surrender yourselves. Amen. You got to go through the development program for extreme character if you want to be the greatest in the kingdom. That's the only way God can use you. Otherwise, you'll be the greatest thing in the world, but you'll never be in the kingdom of God. It doesn't exist that way. It just doesn't work that way. Paul said, "All things work together for good." He never said, "All things feel good." This is not a Christian walk of great feelings. Amen. It's a walk of faith. Amen. We can't go by the feelings of the situation. We have to come back to the promise of the situation time and time again. just to express this because we can feel broken. We can feel mashed up sometimes. We can feel overwhelmed and we say that's not of God. Sometimes it is cuz sometimes he's got to get us out of our own way so that he can start doing the work. And he's got to get you to the point where you say, "I'm going to give up." And he says, "Wonderful. I've been waiting for you to give up so I could start doing the work." All right, listen to this story. He says, "My old shepherd story used to be that they said there was a man passing down through Palestine once and he had a sheep there and he had its leg broken." And this man said, "Oh, it's too bad, sir. Your sheep broke its leg, I guess." He said, "No, I broke it." Why? He said, "You cruelhearted shepherd. You mean you broke your own sheep's leg?" Said, "Yes, I did it for this purpose." He said, 'I couldn't make her mind me, and so I broke her leg so I could show her how much I love her, give her some special food, and pat her a little bit. Said that makes her love me, and when her legs healed up, she'll follow me right along. He says it'll keep her out of trouble. He says, God does that sometimes. He lets something strike you so that he can show you a little extra mercy. You know, just a little of his goodness so that you'll walk a little closer to him. He says the Bible said that all things work together for good to them that love God. So, it has to be for the good. God just lets that happen so it would be for the good because he's a good God. He's wonderful. You want the You want a biblical example of that? Go look at Moses. Moses raised in the Pharaoh's home, educated. He was a man of mighty works, a mighty general, a man of great education. He got all sorts of ideas in his head. And God said, "All right, go do it." God didn't say, "Go do it." God let him do it, I should say. And what did he do? He went out and he killed an Egyptian. And then he ran for his life in the desert. And he spent 40 years in the desert of God breaking his intellectual leg, of God breaking his educational leg, of God breaking his that that farce of human ability we talked about last time. So he'd say, "All right, I don't want anything to do with being a deliverer." And then God said, "Go down to Egypt. Moses, you're my deliverer." God broke him. Look at Paul going along. God knocks him off of his horse and makes him blind for three days. He breaks his vision for three days so that Paul will stay in prayer and find the mind of God for the situation. And then after that, what does God do to Paul? God gives him an eye problem. Why? Paul says, "I went to God three times and asked him to take it away." And God said, "Paul, my grace is sufficient for thee. My strength is made perfect in weakness." He said, "Paul, this is on you to keep you from getting prideful of all the revelation that you have." In other words, God broke his vision leg so that Paul would stay closer to him. He wouldn't get so worked up. Why? Because it meant Paul would have to rely on somebody else to help him through life. now write his letters, do those sorts of things. Look, Job lost all that he had so that God could give him a revelation of what lay beyond the grave. And Job in all of that, he says, "Though he slay me, yet I'll trust him." Says, "In this, Job sinned not foolishly, nor charged God." Why? He trusted. It hurts, but God's in it. It hurts, but I'm a child of God, and so I've got some faith here. Jacob walked with a limp for the rest of his life after he wrestled with God. And what was that limp a reminder of, church? It was a reminder that he had found favor with God. That limp every day was a constant reminder of the calling of God and the grace of God in Jacob's life. Israel, he went from the shyer to a prince having power of God, but yet he walked with a limp. God let the children of Israel get defeated, enslaved, trampled on time and time again. Why? To bring them back to him. He was trying to get them back to where the blessing was. And he didn't mind if a leg or two got broken in it. Why? Because it's for our good in the big picture. He says it works together for good to who? To them that love God. Notice it doesn't say it works together for my good or just your good. It's for the collective group. So sometimes my hardship is for your benefit and sometimes your hardship is for my benefit. I may personally get nothing out of it. It's my burden to bear, but you're going to get something good out of it. Why? Because we're a body and sometimes it's hard on one part of the body for the benefit of the other. Listen, I'm a pastor. I go through hardship on a daily basis. not these massive loads that maybe some of you bear in time, but it's a constant load. And so I give up my evenings. I give up my weekends. I give up my sunny days for your sake. And sometimes I wake up in the morning and I've got a pit in my stomach because I don't know what I'm supposed to preach. And until I find that, I've got to deal with that in my life. And it is a source of anxiety and it is a source of unrest because you're seeking and you're waiting and you're seeking and you're waiting. That's a hardship that I deal with. But it's for your benefit. It's for your good, not just for mine. Think of brother Jonathan Martin that was just here last week. God broke his rest on a night when he needed it above all else to give us a message. Woke him up at 2 a.m. I talked to brother Jonathan. He says, "When I woke up," he says, "I wasn't frustrated because I knew that God was in it." He says, "And so as soon as I" He gave me the thought, he says, "I wrote it down, looked up what I need to." He says, "And I closed it, and I went right back to sleep." Not frustrated, not mad. Why? Because all things work together for good to them that love God. We're servants. Servants. Serving is not always comfortable. But there's a benefit that's going to work for all of us. Amen. There are times where your hardship produces a testimony that helps somebody else get through their walk, get through their day, get through their situation. Sometimes our interrupted plans are to help somebody else who's going through an interruption as well. They say, "Listen, if they're going through it, I can go through it. If they're handling that gracefully, then I can do the same thing." Look, Jesus, remember, was headed to Galilee from Judea, and he says, "I have to go through Samaria." Now, the Jews always went around to go to Galilee from Judea. Jesus said, "I have to go through Samaria." And he invited criticism because he went to a place where they were of mixed religion. They were of mixed blood. They were they were not people that the Jews had any time with. And so Jesus now comes under criticism. He goes through a hardship because of what? One soul waiting for him at the well. And he takes her to salvation under his hardship. It's for his. It wasn't for his benefit. It was for hers. But remember what happened after he has gone through that hardship. They say, "Are you hungry?" He says, "I've had meat that you know nothing of." What? He he was satisfied in the moment. In his hardship, he was satisfied with what he went through. Sometimes we go through individual life changing hardships or situations. And we say, "How was this good? How can God be in this?" It's a daily grind. It's a daily condition. Amen. That burden. And like I said, even having this eye condition, it gave me a heart for those of you that deal with things. And we can sit there and we can say, "Why do I have this?" We've seen God heal person after person and yet I'm sitting here unhealed. Why? Let's take it back to the word. Says, "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man or his parents that he was born blind?" And the amplified says, "Jesus answered said, 'N neither this man nor his parents sin, but it was so that the works of God might be displayed and illustrated in him." This man endured a lifetime of blindness, a lifetime of seeing nothing, a lifetime of relying on people, not being able to work. Maybe he never had a wife and kids. I don't know. We don't really know. And Jesus said he was born this way to show the works of God in his life. Amen. It was to give a testimony of the healing power of God, of the reality to the words that they had been hearing for over a thousand years. It was to show them that God was on the scene. And it was to give this man now a testimony of the healing power of God. But not only that, God heals him, but then he comes around to Jesus and he says, "You got to follow, you got to worship the the son of God." He says, "Lord, who is he?" He says, "It's I that speaketh to thee." And what happened is God brought him to a place of true worship and of real salvation. Took him out of his denomination and brought him to the feet of Jesus. All of that was to bring that man to a place of true worship and salvation. It was for good even though it didn't seem very good for all those years. Consider that church. He was born with a condition and he never did anything to deserve it. We've all got them. We have genetic issues. We've got personality issues. We've got learning disabilities. We've got chronic conditions. We've got pains. We've got sufferings. We've got issues. And we didn't ask for it. We didn't deserve it. We didn't make a bad decision and get this. We just have it. And we say, "Why? Why me? Why do I have to deal with it?" We're answering the question, it's for the good. And we have to trust in the sovereignty of God. It's for the good. You know, we we've read that story, remember where brother Brand was flying and they brought the plane down because of bad weather in Tennessee. And so it came down. He had to spend the night there and then he gets up and the Holy Spirit leads him out and he finds that woman whose son is dying and she's been praying through the night and she's waiting out at the fence and as he goes by she says, "Howdy, Parson?" He's like, "How do you know him?" And so she tells him the story. She said, "I've been waiting for Elijah and God told me to come out here and wait." So he goes in and he prays. But when he prays, he says, "God, now I know that you're in the situation and all things work together for good." God broke his itinerary. Listen, we have our itineraries busted up all the time from here. I have learned to say, "Just trust the Lord." It can be an annoyance, it can be a frustration, or it can be, "It's okay. God's in it." And we don't know why. We don't have to know why. God doesn't always tell us why, but we can trust that God's in it. And just our attitude and how we deal with it can tell so much to other people that are around us. Absolutely, it can. You all know of my sister Elena who went through stage four cancer. That wasn't any fun. I hope you know that. They didn't expect her to live. But in nine weeks, she had a total deliverance, but those nine weeks were hell. She couldn't get up for more than an hour or a hour and a half total throughout her day. She'd get up and she'd work for five or 10 minutes and then she'd have to go sit down or lay down for nine weeks losing her hair, losing weight, and if you know Atlanta, a stiff wind blow away. She didn't have any weight to lose. She went through stage four cancer that should have killed her. And what did she come out the other side with? One, she came out with a personal testimony. God still heals. But I can't tell you how many people I've talked to, dozens and dozens of people that said her testimony inspired me to believe for my situation. So what it was for the good, not just for her good. And so many people, thousands and thousands of people have seen that testimony. People that don't believe in God, people whose churches don't believe in divine healing, now they can go and they can see her testimony leaning on the everlasting arms. It's for the good. Amen. We testify he's a savior. That means we need to get in a condition that requires saving. We testify that he's a healer. That means we need to get in situations where we need healing. He's a provider. We need to get in situations where we need provision. For him to display his attributes and his word through us, we've got to be in conditions that are needful. And so God's in it for our good. Like I said, Job said, "Though he slay me, yet I'll trust him." We've got to have that. I found this in the most obscure place. What a wonderful scripture in Naam. It says, "The Lord is good." He says, "A stronghold in the day of trouble, and he knoweth them that trust in him." Can we say this morning, the Lord is good. Amen. The Lord is good. He He's a stronghold in the day of trouble, and he knows them that trust him. Thank you, Lord. Amen. He's good. It's always for our good. I think it was brother Matt shared this quote just earlier this week and I thought it was timely for this service. He says, "God has counted you worthy when you have a test." He says, "Now don't fail to get this. When you have a trial or a test, it shows the grace of God." We don't like that kind of grace, do we? When God gives you a trial or a test that shows the grace of God, he says, "You have found favor with God and God believes you'll stand the test." This is a scriptural principle. Time and time again, people walk up to circumstances, situation, walls, battles, impossibilities, and God puts them right in it. And what does he do? Takes them through. Takes them through. Takes them through. What is it? It's the grace of God to show you that he's with you. that he takes you through. He says, "You remember he did the same thing by Job." Satan said, "Oh, yeah. I seen Job down there." God said, "He's a perfect servant. There's none earth like him. There's nobody like Job. He's a perfect man now. He's my pride and joy." Satan said, "Oh, sure. He gets everything he asks for. Let me have him once. I'll make him curse you to your very face." God said, "He's in your hands, but don't you take his life." He said, "See, God had confidence in Job." Church, how do we treat our pride and joy? We give them everything they want. Our kids do well. We give them whatever we can give them. We want them to have a better life than we do. They do well then we do well to them. That's how we treat our pride and joy. When God gives his best to us, what is it? Trials and tribulations. Because he has confidence you're ready for it. He says, "When it looks like everything has gone wrong, God's giving you a trial. He's got confidence in you. He doesn't have to baby you around. You're not a hotbed plant, a hybrid. You're a real Christian. God has given you a test to see what you'll do about it." He says, "No wonder Peter said, "These fiery trials, why? Count it a joy. It's more precious to you than gold." We face trials. We face hard times, heart-wrenching experiences, sickness, pain, suffering, and we sit there and we say, "Why me, wrong question, wrong question." Question is, wow, he really has confidence in me. There must be more to me than I think. See, so often we're on the delusions of competency on the things that don't matter and then we come up to the things that do and we say, "How am I going to do this?" That's what God does. He puts us in situations where we think we can't make it. He says, "Listen, you got this." Because greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. Amen. That's what he's trying to do. He's trying to get you to see, I'm with you. There's an expected end. There's a purpose. There's a plan behind all of these things. It is for good. You want the answer? Why? It is for your good. It is for the good is really what the scripture says. It's for good. Listen, if I'm proud of my sons for their strength, I've got no problem putting them into a situation that requires strength. I remember when we were in BC and the pastor there was was building a home and he had to do a bunch of clearing, breaking of concrete and moving rocks and stuff. And we went over and we worked for hours and hours. I got this hilarious picture of of Jensen and he's just covered in mud head to toe. But guess what? I had confidence that we could do the job. So, I don't have any limitation on us on going out and doing some work for a day. Hard manual labor. We've got strength to do it. And we went out and they said, "Boy, we can't believe you came out and did this all day." Well, why not? We're available. We'll come out and help you. What? We give them tasks commensurate with what they've got. Listen, if I believe my daughter has great character, then I don't have any issues putting her in a situation that requires great character. Put somebody in a place where there's a conflict of interest, where they can leverage things for their benefit rather than somebody else. You need great character, but that's what you pick is somebody that's got great character. And the push and the pull of that situation won't get to them because they're anchored. They've got what it takes to go through those things. Same thing with God. Having prepared us, having taught us, what does he do now? He tests us. He says, "Here, let's put everything you've learned, everything you've gone through, let's put it into action. Let's let you see what you've got after all of this." It's always amazing, you know, if you work with kids or you coach kids and you do a lot of work with them and you get them to do something, but then you bring them up to something that's greater than they've ever tried, but you know, you've given them the tools, you've given them the strength, you've given them the speed, you've given them the skills, and then you say, "Here, go do this." And they say, "I've never done it before." But you say, "But you've done every portion of it in bits." Now, put it all together. You know, when you're lifting weights, you never lift your max all the time. You lift to a certain percentage of that. But then there's a day where we say, "Hey, we're going to do a max out day. We're going to do a personal record day." And what do they do? They always lift more than they thought they could lift because their strength was being built up in smaller ways. And when you put it all together, they've got strength to go through and lift what they're supposed to lift. He says it works together for good to them that love God. Now we come down to some clarity. He says to them who are the called according to his purpose. Amen. This is the perspective we want. This is the eternal perspective. He says it all works together for those who are called according to his purpose. It does not say just to them that love God. Because remember the scripture says in that day they'll say Lord, Lord. How many people are in church this morning saying Jesus I love you. and they won't receive his word. Jesus said, "If you love me, you'll you'll do my commandments. You'll do what my word says." Lots of people are going to say, "I love you, Lord." But he's not their Lord. He's not their Lord. So the the condition here is not just that those that love God, but it's those that are the called. It's the elected one. Amen. It's for those that are called according to his purpose. So in other words, everything you're going through is based on the fact that God's got a purpose for you. He's got a plan for you. He's got an end that is waiting for you and it's an expected end according to the word. What's his plan? What's God's plan? What's this whole book about, church? There's one theme to this book. What is it, brother Mark? What is it? Amen. The love of God through redemption. It's redemption. This is a redemption book. The whole thing is about redemption. It's all types and shadows up to the New Testament and then it's all redemption after that. It's God coming back to us. Amen. It's a walk of faith. It's the love of God though. It is a book of love. It is a love letter. But what is its purpose? To bring us back to him. So everything he does, listen, if he's got to cut some things out of our life that hurt, he'll do it because he's redeeming us back to him. He's not redeeming us back to the world. Everything he does is to draw us back to him, to our relation, to our position, to our authority, to our word benefits. Everything is that I've said this before. One of my prior pastors, he says, "Agape love, God's love is based on spiritual growth." And I think that's the the perfect statement. God is looking to grow us into sons and daughters of God. Not wealthy, not healthy, not affluent, not successful. That's all. These things will be added to you. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. He's turning us. He's returning us back to our position as sons and daughters of God. And it's elective love that does it. It's elective love that we preached on just a few services ago. Amen. It's got to work out for good because he's elected us for good. And in the meantime, what's going on, church? What do we do between now and full redemption? It's the works of Christ. And what are the works of Christ? To destroy the works of the devil. to destroy the works of the devil in this flesh, in our mind, in our hearts, wherever it might be, the Holy Spirit's there to take us through those purifying elements so that what comes out is the same character that Christ had. And that's one thing. I'll stay with the word. Why? Because it's become me and I've become it. That's what's going on. Everything that expected end is a complete and total redemption. body, soul, and spirit back to God. That's the end of it all. So, the manifestation of Christ in you is to destroy the works of the devil always. It's to take us from that broken slavery that we were born into and turn us into the liberty of sons and daughters of God. Amen. One quote and we'll close. He says, "Whatever it is, all things work together for good." He says, "You just can't lose when you become a Christian. you just can't lose. He says just trust in him and whatever the way goes, just keep your sail set to his spirit. He will guide you into the harbor. He says it'll be all right. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand if we would. You know, I've lost my health, dealt with serious issues for a long time. Throughout my life, I went through almost a year of insomnia, chronic pain after a bad car accident. I felt so sick that I thought I was dying. I had no strength. I was literally laying on the cold, cooling tiles of my bedroom, of my bathroom in Edmonton. And all I could do was tell Blanc, I said, "Pray for me. Pray for me. I feel like I'm dying. I've lost jobs. I've lost favor. I've lost ministry opportunities. I've lost fellowship. I've lost pastors. I've lost friends. I'll tell you some of those things I still don't know why they happened, but I'll tell you there's a lot of them I do, but in the moment they felt absolutely horrible. Many of you know the things that went on in Texas when we lost our pastor and these different things, lost a close friend, deceived. We go through these things and we sit there and we say, "Woof, Lord, save me. Lord, don't make me go through this. Lord, why am I going through this? But I'll tell you this, that the ones that he showed me it's for my good, it's been wonderfully for my good. Not just kind of sort of good, but it's truly been for my good because it keeps pointing me back to him. It keeps tying me back to him. Gets me off myself. Gets me off my abilities. Gets me off relying on anything except him and him alone. Because I don't care how much you appreciate or admire me or respect me or the people in this church, we're going to fail you. We fail each other day in and day out. But there's a friend that sticks closer than a brother. Thank God. There's a friend that sticks closer than a brother. And I've learned in life when he's asked me to let stuff go, he's got something better waiting for me. When he's asked me to give things up, it's because he's got something he's ready to hand over. And sometimes he's got to rip things out. And that's his work. And sometimes he's got to place things in because those things will refine us in a way that nothing else will. And we've got to be able to sit there and say, "Lord, be it unto me. We're just clay in the potter's hands." But Romans 8 says, "All things all things work together for good." Amen. I don't know what you're going through this morning. I know what some of you are going through. It's for your good. It's for our good. We've got to be unselfish enough to let it be for somebody else's good sometimes. Amen. That we can stand there and with grace and with patience stand the trials and run the race that somebody else could get the benefit. Amen. Let's bow our heads if we would. Lord Jesus, Lord, if there's one thing I know this morning, Lord, is that you've never forsaken us. Lord, you've always been there, Lord. But even when we can't seem to see or hear or feel, Lord, it doesn't mean you're not there, Lord. But you said you'd be with us, even in us to the end of the age, Lord. It's your promise that Lord, what you've started, you'll be faithful to complete it in our lives. And so, Lord, we're standing here this morning, Lord, and we want to worship you and praise you, Lord. We want to confess that we know everything we're going through is for our good, Lord. Lord that when hardships arise, when scarcity comes, when sickness hits our door, Lord, the promise is still for us, but there's a purging, there's a cleansing, Lord, there's a creation of character that happens in those moments, Lord, and we've got to be willing to go through it. Lord, I pray you give us patience for the trials. I pray you give us confidence, Lord. Give us the right attitude, Heavenly Father. Lord, that as we come up against situations, Lord, may we say, "Lord, I'm looking with expectation for you in this situation, Lord, rather than holding back in dread, fear, wonder, anxiety, Lord, let us be able to walk through it with faith and confidence, Lord, knowing that you're in all these things. Lord, I pray your grace on this people. Lord, you strengthen us, encourage us day by day. Lord, help us to feed on the right things. Lord, help us to experience and dwell in your presence day by day. Lord, let us not take for granted this wonderful gift we've been given. Lord, of a word that we can see and hear that lives through us day by day. Lord, help us not to live below our privileges this morning. We pray, Lord, we're looking to you. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Psalm 34, I sought the Lord. 1274 I sought the Lord and he answered me. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. And deliver me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God, hallelujah, surrounds his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver there. Oh, [Music] magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. And I sought the Lord. And he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look are li are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried, hallelujah. And the Lord heard me. Hallelujah. and save me from my eneies. The son of God surround his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver there. Oh magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. [Music] Neverending praise, may our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. ever. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. 12:36. My trled soul, [Music] why so weigh down? And you were not made to bear this heavy load. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you and all your woring won't help you make it through. Cast all your [Music] burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. My days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart. Why so upset when trials come? How you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you. And all your [Music] wor make it through. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, thy lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart. Thank you, Lord. Why so upset? Thank you, Lord. When trials come, how you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. Jesus cares. cares. He cares for you and all your wor. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my sal. Oh, my days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the God my salvation all. My days are in his faithful hands and I will praise the rock name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Praise your name. Praise your name. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. My days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. He is able more than able. 7:21. Thank you Lord. He is aable more than a hallelujah to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable more than aable. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than a Yes, Lord. to do much more than I could ever dream. Oh, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. For he is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a. He can handle anything that comes my [Music] way. He is aable more than aable to do much more. I could ever dream. He is able more than a. Thank you, Lord. And to make me what he wants me to be. Oh, he is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. And he is aable more than [Music] aable. He can handle anything that comes my way. He's aable more than a man to do much more I could ever dream. He is aable, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. Oh, he is aable, more than a [Music] to accomplish what concerns me today. Yes, he is aable. More than aable. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than a power to do much more than I could ever dream. He is a more than a battles arise to make me what he wants me to be. Amen. Let's sing at 953. Here is love. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Here is love. Amen. Vast as the ocean. [Music] loving [Laughter] kind. Yes, as a fly when the priest of life are ransom shed for us. His preious [Music] blood will now [Music] remember who can't cease to sing his praise. He will never be forgotten throughout him. [Music] Eternal day on the mount of crucifixion fountains, oh pent deep and wide [Music] through the flood. gates of God's mercy. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Lord of and gracious time. Oh, love will now remember. Who can [Music] see to sing his praise? He will never be forgotten. throughout him [Music] eternal days. Grace and love like mighty rivers poured in sessent from above. Heaven's peace and perfect justice. It kissed the guilty world in love. who his love will not remember. Who can cease to sing his praise? He will never be forgotten. throughout heaven [Music] eternal days. Amen. God bless you this morning. We're going to close in a word of prayer. We're going to sing that song, He's Got It All In, 11:16. Amen. We ask Brother Mark to close in prayer. Amen. remember the needs that have been expressed. Amen. Pray for one another. Remember Sister Brenda. It's good to see Sister Kimberly here. Amen. Keep praying for her. Amen. Each one of us got heart needs. We've got life needs. We've got financial needs, health needs, family needs, salvational needs, Holy Ghost needs, all these things. Amen. Pray for our young people. Amen. Pray for our young people. I like when brother Jonathan Martin here and he was praying. We had a lot of young people come up and he said, "Listen, you're not the next generation. You are the generation. You're the current generation." Amen. They need more than ever. More than ever the presence of God in their life. Amen. An anchor for their soul. Amen. Let's keep praying for them. Amen. Let's sing this a few times and brother Mark will close in prayer. Amen. He's got it all in control. Thank you, Jesus. He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur in my soul. He's got it all in control. My father knows what I need. Thank you, Lord. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. I put my life in his hands. Hallelujah. I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his [Music] plan. I put my life in his hands. One more time. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I put my life in his hands. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we're thankful again once more, Lord, to come into your presence, Lord. And Lord, we just dearly love, Lord, as Lord, you just take control of every heart, Lord, and bring about a union and a togetherness, Lord, under the word, Lord, that was spoke today. So we're thankful, Lord, for each day, Lord, that we can come into your presence and, Lord, that we can rejoice and give you praise and honor and glory for the wonderful things, Lord, that you've done and shown us, Lord, in this hour. And Lord, we wait on you, Lord, and wait every day to for, Lord, that change. And we just believe, Lord, every word, Lord, that has been spoken, Lord, that for this age, for this generation. We pray Lord that you would just give us Lord that faith Lord that we can just be prepared and ready Lord for that time for the change. So we're thankful Lord and we remembering all the needs again Lord spoken by brother John Lord and we appreciate Lord the word today and his effort Lord that he puts in Lord and to bring us Lord to that word Lord for this hour for this day Lord that we need Lord for food for our souls Lord that we're fed on that Lord and we have to believe in that and move forward Lord believing and acting and recognizing it Lord as the word for this day. We ask Lord you bless each one Lord. Bless our travels Lord today and where we go. We pray Lord that we take the name of Jesus with us Lord. And we just Lord just want to thank you Lord for your grace Lord to us in this hour and pray in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
