################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 20250524 - The Spirit Of Revival - Bro. Jonathan Martin - Jonathan Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    20250524 - The Spirit Of Revival - Bro. Jonathan Martin
Speaker:  Jonathan Martin
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZEWoi_MNVI
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I don't [Music] There must of a king air clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. Yes. Amen. He wraps himself in light. Praise the Lord. And darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at hallelujah. How great. Hallelujah. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great, how great is our God. Hallelujah. Always to age he stands and time is in his hand. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the Yes. Amen. The bride of Christ are one. Amen. Hallelujah. Uniting time has come. Soon we're gone. Amen. Hallelujah. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great, how great. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the name of the Lord. All names. You are worthy of the praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. Hallelujah. How great our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All see how great our great. Hallelujah. The splendor of a king. Hallelujah. The splendor of a king clothe in mesty. Amen. All earth rejoice. You have some self in mind and darkness tries to hide and troubles at his voice. Amen. Praise the Lord. How great is our singing. How great is our God. Oh, we see how great, how great is our God. Age to age. Hallelujah. Oh, age to age he stands. Hallelujah. his hands beginning and the end and beginning and the end. The bride in Christ our one. Amen. Hallelujah. Your dieting time has come. Soon going home. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. How great is our joy. Sing to be how great. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. All will see how great, how great is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, see how great, how great, hallelujah again. How great, how great is our God. Sing with me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. All will see. How great how great is our God. Amen. Praise the Lord. How great is our God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There's not enough words in the English language to to describe how great our God is. Bless the [Music] Lord. Amen. Let's uh let's sing the chorus at 992. It is um not in trying but in trusting. Praise the Lord. Ask brother Matt if you just come and open in prayer tonight. And remember to pray for brother Jonathan of course as he brings the word of the Lord tonight. Trust everybody enjoyed the word last night. I told him today there was a that was a really good icebreaker. Praise the Lord. So everybody relax tonight and let's let God have his way tonight. Praise the Lord. Also remember uh brother Dale of course we continue to pray for him and of course brother Nelson Guy Sister Laura Snow as well. Keep her in prayer as well and brother Gourd Snow. And if there's any other need uh just hold it upon your heart tonight as we approach the throne and brother but Matt will lead in prayer. Not in trying but in trusting God. Let's let's sing that. Praise the Lord. Not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. It's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. It's not in trying but in trusting. Amen. It's not in running but in resting. is not in wondering but in praying. Yes. Amen. That we find the strength of the Lord. It's not in trying but in trusting. Amen. It's not in running but in resting. Hallelujah. It's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. Amen. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come once again, Father, into your presence, I pray, Lord, that as we worship your name, Father, that you would just come by here, Lord, and draw near to each and every one of us, Father, as we sing the praises of Zion and of your greatness, Lord. Lord, may it just be us trying to get ourselves out of the way and just slip into that channel where we can commune with you, Father, and you can just flow freely through our lives, Father. And may there be nothing, Lord, that hinders the moving of your spirit here this night, Lord. Lord, I pray especially be you as the minister, Lord. May you just help him to to slip into the channel, Lord, where you can just flow freely through him as well, Lord. Lord, we're looking for a touch from you tonight, Lord. We're looking to hear something from you, Lord, that'll bring peace to our souls, Father. Healing to our bodies, strength to our minds, Lord, strength for the journey ahead, Lord. Amen. Lord, we don't know exactly what that is, Lord, but we're leaning on you, Father, to provide what is needed. Help us, Lord, just to trust in you no matter what comes our way, Father. And Lord, I pray your grace just be upon especially all those special needs. Father, we thank you for the testimony of Brother Dale. Lord, Lord, may you just continue to strengthen him, Lord. And may you just continue to to strengthen his testimony as well, Lord, that there's a God that heals a physician, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for for all that you've done, Lord. You've done so much, Father. We can never thank you enough. Pray grace, Lord, now upon the service, Lord. Grace of the song leader, the musicians, Father, the congregation, Lord, as we lift your name up and high, Lord. May you just bless it, Lord. May you just anoint us with a double portion of your presence this night, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Number 355. Higher ground. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights. I'm gaining every day by grace. Amen. We're moving forward. Brother Brandham say we don't move backward. We don't stand still. The bride moves forward and upward by grace. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm gaining every day. Still praying as I've already gone. Lord, climb my feet on higher. Yes. Amen. Lord, lift me up and let me stand. By faith on heaven and save a lamb, a higher faith that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher. Praise the Lord. My heart has no desire to stay. Yes. Amen. Where doubts arise. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher. Yes, praise the Lord. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven and ser than I have found. Lord, lift my feet on higher ground. I want to live a man above the world. Yes, Lord. Those Satan's darts and we are for faith has gone the joyful sound. The song of saints on higher. Praise the Lord, Lord. Lift me up and let me stand my faith on heaven's table. Amen. A higher faith than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catchy. Praise the Lord. I'm glorified. But still I pray till heaven I found. Amen. Lord lead me on to higher. Praise the Lord. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on heaven. Hallelujah. A higher plane than amen. Praise the Lord. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Where doubts arise, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Though some may dwell, where these abound my prayer, my aim is higher. Hallelujah. Lord, lift me up and let me stand. My faith on [Music] heaven. Amen. a higher pain than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heavens. Hallelujah. A high earth. Praise the Lord. Then I have found Lord on higher ground. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing number 700. Jesus on the inside. Praise the Lord. Working on the outside. Jesus on the inside. Working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, I change in my life. Amen. Oh, what a change in life. Hallelujah. And Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Amen. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Amen. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Hallelujah. Oh, what a change in my life. If that same And if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. Amen. Hallelujah. Dwell in you. your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, yes. Amen. It will quicken your mortal body. Praise the Lord. If that spirit dwell in you, and if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit, Hallelujah, dwell in you, dwell in you. It will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you and it shall breaken your mortal body if that spirit dwell in you. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh we got a special tonight. So uh you you ready? Okay. So sister Priscilla and the sister is going to come and sing tonight for us. So be in prayer for them. And we're going to sing 11:39 with Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all as they come. And uh you can come and set up as we sing. You don't need to wait till we're finished. Just come on. You got to get ready. And uh we'll sing this until you're ready. Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Jesus. Amen. You lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest. Hallelujah. Sweetest name of all. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Oh Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all. Oh Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you're always here. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. [Music] [Music] My wing breath for my daily bread. I depend on you. I depend on you for the sound to my sleep. I'm going to start over. I apologize. I don't have the right rhythm and I'm throwing everybody off. Okay. All right. Here we go. We're going to try this again. [Music] for my wake. For my daily bread, I depend on you. I depend on you for the sound to rise for my sleep and night. I depend on you. I depend on you. You're the way, the truth, and the life. You're the well that never runs dry. I'm the branch and you are the vine. Draw me close and teach me to abide. where the spirit as I'm following. I depend on you. I depend on you for the victory. Glories still in front of me. I depend on you. I depend on you. You're the way, the truth, and the life. You're the well that never runs dry. I'm the branch and you are the vine. Draw me close and teach me to abide. Be my strength, my song in the night. Be my all, my treasure, my prize. I am yours forever. You're mine. Draw me close and teach me to abide. [Music] When I pass through death, as I enter rest, I depend on you. Yes, I depend on you for eternal life to be raised with Christ. I depend on you, Jesus. I depend on you. You're the way, the truth, and the life. You're the well that never runs dry. I'm the branch and you are the vine. Draw me close and teach me to. Be my strength, my song in the night. Be my all, my treasure, my prize. I am yours forever. You're mine. Draw me close and teach me to abide. You're the way, the truth, the life. Teach me, Lord, to abide. I'm the branch, you're the vine. Teach me, Lord, to abide. You're the way, the truth, the life. Teach me, Lord, to abide. I'm the branch, you're the vine. Teach me, Lord, to abide. Amen. Praise the Lord. That was wonderful song. Amen. And it's good as always to see the young people stepping up as well. Sister Elsa and brother Gabriel. It's great. Wonderful. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 1271. It's the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails. Thank [Music] God. I love I love for your mercies never fails me. All my days I'm in hell in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes. Amen. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. Everywhere that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. Amen. You have led me through the time. In the darkest night, you were frozen like no other. Known you as a father, known you as a friend, and I have lived. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. All my life you have been faithful. Amen. And all my life you have been so so [Music] good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of your goodness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love you, Lord. Amen. For your mercy never fails me. Thank you, Lord Jesus. All my days I'm in heaven. Yes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Wake up until I lay my head. Amen. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh, hallelujah. All my life you have is so good. [Music] Every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. Amen. Praise the Lord. I love your voice. Amen. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I known you as a friend. Amen. And I have in the goodness. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. And all my life you have been so so good that [Music] I will sing of goodness and all my life. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I will sing of goodness. I love your voice. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have been in the goodness. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been so so good. and regret that I am able. Hallelujah. Of the goodness of God. One more time. In all my life, Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life would have been so so [Music] good. Then I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You shall love the Lord. 1262 You shall love the Lord. [Music] Amen. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. Amen. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. I'll help me love you more with all my heart. With all my soul, with all my heart. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. Amen. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you. For all the things you do, Lord, I love you. Oh, help me love you, Lord, with all my heart, with all my joy. Amen. First verse again. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. Amen. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love Hallelujah for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, help me love you more with all my heart and all my soul and all my mind. Amen. And how we how could we not love him for all that he is and all that he's done for all of us and unworthy as we are. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's um well, let's just sing um the potter's hand. It's 1273 up there. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. Amen. And he [Music] is beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure all my days are held in your hands and crafted into your family. Hallelujah. Call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. Amen. I'm catching by your holy calling. Set me a high. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Hallelujah. Take me all praise the Lord. Use me. I give my life to the father's hand. Hallelujah. Call me guide me. Leave me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the father's hand. Yes. Amen. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for sure. All of my days I have in your hands and crafted into your Amen. Praise the Lord. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life. Hallelujah. I'm captured by I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to your self. Yes. Amen. Leading all I pray. Hallelujah. Take me all use me and help me. I give my life to the father. Hallelujah. Let's stand. Praise the Lord. God. [Music] Hallelujah. Walk beside me. I give my life to the father. Take me. Praise the Lord. Take me over me. Oh, take me. Oh me. Hallelujah. Use me. Fill me. I give my life. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Father's hand. Hallelujah. Call me and guide me. Lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the father's man. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just want to sing Touch Your People once again. The chorus is uh 10:05. Amen. And we'll turn over to brother Jonathan. God's grace to him as he preaches. Be in prayer for him as he brings the word tonight. Amen. Touch your people once again with your precious holy hand. We worship people shall this earth to Lord. not for temporary deeds, but to restore authority and power. Let a mighty rushing wind blowing. Touch your people once again. So touch your people once again with your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth through the living glorious church not for temporary deeds but to restore authority and let a mighty Russian She wind glory. Touch your people once again. Amen. God bless you this evening. Good to see each one that's here. Are you in expectation? Amen. My appetite was wetted last night. Amen. I believe God has much more in store for us. And you know it's uh brother Ram said when the bride recognizes her position he said and someday she will. He says the rapture will go. And what we've been hearing is who we are. Amen. That when God gave you the Holy Spirit it's because of who you are. You didn't become something when he gave it. You always were something. Amen. In talking about our position as sons and daughters of God knowing who you are in Christ. The position we stand in. It's the most wonderful thing I think we can preach on is where he has placed us in him and what comes with that. Amen. So, we're going to turn over to brother Jonathan. Let's just pull. We've got an ear. We had an early start. We've all had our food. Let's just settle in and and just have a a seven course meal in the word of God. Amen. Leave nothing behind. Lay everything down. Amen. Let's just come in and and give everything we've got here this evening. Amen. We don't get these opportunities very often, so let's get everything we can out of it. Amen. I've told him he didn't preach very long last night. I said, "You preach as long as you want. Take full liberty." Amen. As the spirit leads, we want to follow. Amen. So, we're going to sing this one more time as he will come and we'll turn the service over to him. Amen. God bless you. Touch your people once [Applause] again. Give your precious be your kingom shine upon the church to the living church. I want temporarily but you restore authority and bound my rushing wind. Let your people again. How many would say that's your heart's desire? Just a real desire to have a special touch from the presence of the Lord. And we know that he's here to do the exceedingly abundantly above all that we could ask or even imagine or think. And uh we just feel his presence uh so real among us. And it's just good to be with believers, brothers and sisters of uh precious like faith. Uh I I don't know if I don't know if you can you can hear exactly what I hear in the office, but uh you guys sound like angels and uh just enjoyed the worship so much and uh just uh such an atmosphere created. I believe in this atmosphere that God can do anything. I believe that God can fill with the Holy Ghost. He can refill with the Holy Ghost. He He can pour out revelation. He can heal the sick and afflicted. I believe he can rapture us right now, right here, right now in this service. I I believe that the limits are taken off of God's people that we can believe for anything. How many would like to just lift your hands and maybe you've got a special request on your heart? Why don't you just make it known? And why don't we just uh surrender ourselves for the word right now and say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Father, as the songs have been sung, the music has been played, the atmosphere is created. Father, we feel your presence and we know that you're here among us. You promised you would be, Lord. Father, we believe that we brought you with us, Lord. Now, Father, I pray a real special outpouring of your spirit upon your people for this service. Father, you're still the word, the discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And oh God, I pray that you go to the very heart and and search the heart, know exactly what each request is. I pray that you would minister to every need, Lord. Deliver from every spirit of oppression, every spirit of depression, Lord, every every spirit of sickness and discouragement and fear. I pray God that you would bring encouragement and revival. Lord, as we know that we're in the spirit of of revival in this last days, I pray that you would revive every heart. Lord, as these services have been set aside for uh this weekend, I pray that you would bring such a a moving of your spirit to revive every heart. It doesn't matter the age, Lord. We just we just invite you to come. We invite you to take supreme authority and just to have preeminence over this service, Father. And Lord, move as you seem fit, Lord. And God, we would just we we would be so pleased if you would just have the preeminences and be glorified among us, Father. Oh God, I pray Lord that you would bless every officer, bless our pastor here and his family. Oh God, I pray that every every member of the body of Christ, there's no big ones among us. There's no little ones among us. We're all the same in Christ. And oh Lord Jesus, we would just ask that you would breathe upon us this evening. No Lord, just lift us up a little higher into that realm, Lord, where we can see that all things are possible, Lord. Maybe there's some situations in people's lives that it just are hard to see clearly right now. I pray that your spirit would lift them above it, Lord. Help them to see it. just help them to see the blessings of your promises and the realities of your presence. Father, we would ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. I think that uh the songs have been sung and uh we'll just go right into the word and uh maybe we'll have uh another special for tomorrow. And um but we'll turn to second Timothy the uh first chapter. And uh again, we just want to uh say how much we appreciate appreciate the invitation to be here and uh appreciate your pastor and uh just uh getting reacquainted with uh brother Jonathan and uh all these years uh you know I think it was back in 2008 2009 where we met and uh just had a wonderful time of fellowship back then and uh we've we've just uh we picked up right where we left off. It's been a wonderful time of fellowship. And uh again, we bring greetings from uh our pastor, brother Wayne Lawson, and uh and the home church there, True Life Tabernacle. And also I bring greetings from my wife, uh Sister Laura, and she would have loved to have come. Uh but uh you know uh our daughter has had some uh little bit of health problems and uh it was just uh best that she stayed home to uh be with her and and uh you know uh we just uh God knows everything, doesn't he? And uh he's he's everything is running right on schedule and on time and we just trust him. And uh you know, we just uh had such a wonderful time uh around breakfast this morning and um the food was wonderful. I tell you uh you sisters can cook and uh that was just a wonderful meal and uh so enjoyed the wonderful time of fellowship and uh you know I I've just been really blessed to hear about the history and how the church was started and uh just the vision for the church and and uh how that God has used uh this assembly to uh to spread the message and uh then to see uh how God has blessed you with this uh beautiful building and um you know uh you can't outgive God. I I know I I'm convinced of that. And uh but you know, even greater than uh just the the blessings of of having a bigger building and what how God's blessed you all, but also there's an eternal reward. And uh you know, I I believe you uh you cast your bread upon the water, it'll return. and uh and God has uh I believe that there's eternal rewards waiting on the other side for this church and all of your labors and your efforts and it's not in vain. And I I see that there's uh uh just you know your your pastor and and uh his vision, his love for the message of this hour. You're you're a blessed uh assembly. uh see uh some of these, you know, see these young people raising up and uh I just I think that it's a tremendous uh vision uh when you know the vision's not just going off the scene with the elders, but it's continuing on with the next generation. And I say God bless you for that. And uh you know, it's it's no telling what God will do. And uh I believe that God's still saving. I believe that there's still souls to be won uh in the community and uh I I believe that uh eternal life is what the prophet said. It's living for others. Isn't that right? And uh so may God just continue to bless you is our heart's desire and as you labor in his kingdom. But uh second Timothy uh the first chapter and uh we'll just uh begin uh with verse 7 and uh then we would like to also turn over to Revelations uh the third chapter and uh but second Timothy 1 and verse 7 uh for God hath not given us the spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a sound mind. Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner, but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel, according to the power of God, who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus. before the world began. Isn't that beautiful? But is now made manifest by the appearing of our savior Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel. Now, Revelations the 3r chapter and we're just going to uh begin reading the 20th verse. And we know that at the end of each church age, it spoke of the overcomer and a blessing upon the overcomer. And of course we know that this is the Leoysian church age. So we're reading the end verse 20. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. And may God add his blessings to the reading of the word. You can be seated. for just a text. I would like to uh speak on the spirit of revival. And brother Brandham uh would preach the sermon, how can I overcome? And this is where I'm going to draw my text is out of this sermon. But brother Brandham would say my subject this morning, how can I overcome? He says, 'Now, I chose this because that I think that it's a time that we should never let the spirit of revival die. We've got to keep in revival constantly, revived every day. Paul said he had to die daily, that Christ could live, and we must never let that revival die within us. Brother Brandham would go on and say that how he was crossing an old log the other day and how that he was uh he was down in a wash or a hollow and he had jumped upon this log. He says on the outside it looked good. Looked like a big old beach log. But when I jumped on it, oh, a great chunk of it fell off and it was real rotten and dirty. I said that's the way Christians are becoming. They've been dead in sin and trespasses so long till become dirty they they can handle no weight at all. They don't know what the overcoming means. And I begin to think of this text then overcome. Keep life in you. When life went out that's what brought that log to that condition. And it made it worse than ever when it laid in the branch where the water was. And there you take a Christian that's supposed to be a Christian, let the life of God go from him. And the experience, the joy of serving Christ and living in a church where such is going on, he rottens twice as quick, right? Living right under. If we are trying to follow the message of the hour or at least this part of the message, we should live constantly in the life of Christ. If it don't, you lay around and know that these things that you're supposed to do and don't do it. The Bible said, "He that knoweth to do good and doeth it not, to him it's sin." Then you become doy, rotten when you're se separated from the life of God. So strive with all that's in you to stay in the life of Christ that you would be fruitbearing. And I think that is a beautiful reminder that in everything that we are going through and seeing in this hour of gross darkness, but yet we are to live in the spirit of revival. And uh we understand that uh revival is not adding new members to the church, but it is reviving that which you already have. And so to live in the spirit of revival is to die daily that the life of Christ can have preeminence in our lives every day. And and we're we're living in the atmosphere of the supernatural. uh the true Christian, the true overcomer is living beyond uh just the outer court or the holy place. But the real overcomer has broke through the veil into the holiest of holies. And that is the atmosphere of the supernatural where the shikina glory is, where the spirit of God is, where life can take place, where that which was once dead can be revived, can be refreshed, can can blossom and bring forth fresh fruit. And so that is the age and the hour that we're living in. The true overcomer is to break through the veil of his own humanity, his own mind, his own thinking, and just uh just a church experience, if you will, and break through every traditional barrier and anything that the devil would try to hold us back and and keep us just earthbound creatures and break through that barrier into the presence of the Almighty God. And and that's what we desire. Amen. Is to be in the presence of God. Not just not just uh once a week, two times a week, but every single day walking in the presence of God. Amen. And so we are a word bride. Amen. Aren't you glad to be identified as a word bride? And we've been separated from just a uh just a church of of traditions and and just uh formalities. But we are a word bride. And the prophet of God would say that we are we have come into a word revival. and everything that God has promised for this age. Uh we are under expectation that God is here to fulfill his word. I it's not an intellectual revival. Notice how the prophet of God and broken sistns he would say not as I'm trying to support ignorance but I'm trying to tell you the difference. Education can never bring life. It takes the spirit of God to bring life. And that life must not come out of just the intellectual revival. It's got to come out of the Bible. Word revival. And that word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when it falls today and quickens, you get the same results you did in Acts two. Exactly. It always has and it always will be because it's the spirit of God that conditions the atmosphere. Amen. The prophet of God, Amen, would say it takes the spirit of God to bring the atmosphere. And it takes atmosphere to do things. That's the reason you men are always taught bring your children here. Brother Brandon would go ahead and say that that's why I brought my daughter Becky here because she is needing the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, Brother Brandham brought his daughter to a place where there was an atmosphere for his daughter to receive the Holy Ghost. Well, if we are in if we're a word bride and we are living in a word revival, then the church of the living God, the place that is consecrated and dedicated for God is the place where an atmosphere where births can take place, where the supernatural can be made manifest. Amen. And that's what we've come for. Ain't that right? That's why we gather together is to put our licks of fire together. Amen. You elders who have been standing for this message all of these years, you you don't want the vision to die with you. But you've come to carry on the vision that the next crop can come and be filled with the same Holy Ghost that has brought you into a real personal reality with God. That's what this word revival is all about because Jesus said my word is spirit and it is life. Now the prophet of God and things that are to be he would say we must live by the word because the bride is a part of the bridegroom like any wife is a part of her husband. Therefore we must be that word bride. And what is that word bride? The manifestation of this hour. The bride not a creed or a denomination, but a living oracle of God. A living attribute of God displaying to the world the attributes of God in the formation of the bride that's to be expressed in this hour that we're now living. The prophet would say in the masterpiece, he would say it's the word living. and in action, the Bible bride, not some man-made bride. In the sermon, things that are to be, he would say, "And you are nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God." Now you're expressed after his word has come in you to light up this age. You are the expressing God's life in you because you are a son or a daughter of God. And the prophet would ask the congregation, you get what I mean? See, you are now made, you're sitting in this church tonight. Now, I want to address us tonight. You are sitting in this church tonight because your duty is to express God to this nation and this people and this neighborhood where you associate wherever you are. God knew that you would be here because you have to be one of his genes or his attributes. Well, isn't that a beautiful thing? Because we find that we were in him before the foundation of the world. But God knew that you would be here under this message to hear this message and to express the word for this hour to the community around us. Wherever you go, a written epistle manifesting Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Then if anyone would ask you, where's the revival? Where's the bride's revival? Where is there a church that is manifesting the power of God in the power of his resurrection? And can you show me where that place is? You can stand there and say, "I am the revival." Amen. You don't have to go. I It's not just a certain building. It's not just a certain address, but you are the revival. And so we find the importance of living in the spirit of revival because wherever you go, you never know, amen, when you're expressing that light and there will be a predestinated seed, amen, that that light shining through you comes across their path and that light calls out and says, "Show me where the revival is." Oh, if I can see God that is not just a historical God, but a living God in action, you can say, "Don't look any further. When you see me, you see God in action." When you see me, you see the revival fires of the Holy Ghost burning in my life. Isn't that what this message is all about? It's it's a it's to keep the life of God flowing within us as individuals. You see, it's a it we're we're living under a restoration message. Ain't that right? It's a message of restoration. And Elijah was a restoration prophet. And so when when he made that great challenge by a vision, not in his own might, not in his own efforts, but he he it was a he called a Mount Carmel showdown. And he and he was going to prove that who's God was God. And he told all of the prophets, those false prophets of Baal, to begin to call upon God. And whoever's God answers by fire, let him be God. And all throughout the morning into the heat of the day, they're screaming and crying and cutting themselves. And and but there's nothing going on. And there is Elijah saying, "Cry out a little bit louder. Maybe your God's on vacation." He knew what was going to happen. He was there by vision. He was there by thus, saith the Lord. He knew that God it was just waiting the right time that he that he would begin to restore the right worship and begin to restore the right sacrifice and begin to place everything in its right proper position for the fire of God to fall down. And when he said, "Oh Lord, I have done this at thy command." And then the fire fell from heaven. And then the people responded, "Lo, the Lord, he is God. The Lord, he is God." Regardless of what Ahab did, regardless of that Jezebel system, regardless of leading the children of Israel into idolatry, but there was a prophet that said everything back into order that the people could come back into the spirit of revival and see the power of omnipotence coming among the children of Israel again. I say, amen. is the same Elijah, the same spirit of Elijah that's coming this day. And it's not a Mount Carmel showdown. It's a Mount Zion showdown. It's a people that has been put into position, put back into scriptural order for the fire of God to fall. And this is not taking us back into just another church age. It's taking us into the rapture. is taking us into the body change uh into the marriage and the marriage supper of the lamb. Oh church, we are living in the spirit of revival where the pillar of fire is restored among us. The headship of Christ is over the church leading us back to the garden of Eden. Praise be the name of the Lord. No wonder the prophet says to the overcomer, "Don't let the spirit of revival ever die. Die daily that the spirit of Christ could have preeminence." Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. You see Malachi 4 says that I before the uh great and dreadful day of the Lord that Elijah shall come and restore the faith of the children back to the faith of the apostolic fathers. We find that in Revelations 10 and1 says that all Revelations 10:1 the mighty angel comes with an open book. We find that at this same time, Revelations 10:7, that the mysteries of the entire Bible would be revealed. We find that the prophet of God would say that this messenger of Malachi 4 in Revelations 10:7 is going to do two things. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Exactly. So, we find again, now I'm talking about a word revival. I'm talking about a word bride. Amen. Joel 2 and 25. I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten and the cankerworm and the caterpillar and the palmer worm my great army which I sent among you. We find that in the restoration of the bride tree. Amen. The prophet of God would say, "If four messengers of death killed the tree, four messengers of life restores the tree." Do you get it? For God said, "I will restore it." He's going to restore it. How? By four death messengers killed it. Then four life messengers will restore it. What was the first? Martin Luther justification. What was the second? John Wesley by sanctification. What was the third? Pentecost with the restoration of the gifts, the Holy Ghost, baptism of the Holy Ghost. What was the fourth? The word. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Brandham would again say in the last days of Malachi 4, Elijah is to come with the very word. The word of the Lord came to the prophet in the evening lights is to come forth to restore and bring back what turned the hearts of the children back to the faith of God forth light. Amen. So we find that just as the moon reflects the sunlight, the moon has no uh no light of her own, no glory of her own. But the moon is only uh reflecting the light of the sun. And so the moon has been put in position by the word of God to reflect the light of the sun. And I tell you friends, uh amen, sometimes we see just a quarter of the moon, don't we? And then as it goes along, we see half of the moon. And then as time goes on, we see three quarters of the moon. But you see, we are moved unto the full reflection of the vindicated word of the hour. Not just partial light, not just quarter light, not just justified, not just sanctified, not just the restoration of the gifts, but we have come back into position, full position to reflect the fullness of the risen resurrected word. The same word that went into the grave has been resurrected. Hallelujah. Resurrected in the fullness of his power. Resurrected in his healing with healing in his wings. Resurrected to deliver the oppressed. To encourage the discouraged. To lift up those that are downtrodden. Amen. To bring a revival to those uh that are crying out with a real thirst within your heart saying, "God, refill me with the Holy Ghost. I need a renewing. I need a refreshing. I need a rebaptism. I need to know that I know that I've been sealed into the day of redemption. I tell you friends, we are reflecting the fullness of his power. Hallelujah. You're right. I don't need a mic, do I? If y'all need to turn me off or whatever you need to do, I get you too excited. I know I do. I tell you friends, restored back. The prophet of God and the masterpiece says, "Now at the harvest time, the seed is back to its original life." Back to the Bible. Back to its original life. Back to the Bible. Amen. the prophet of God and it's the rising of the sun says there has been churches churches brides brides churches brides brides but there has got to come one hallelujah there has to come a real bride there must come one that's not only got the mechanics but the dynamics of it makes that church live move in the power of his resurrection we know the quote how the prophet of God says, "What good is it to have a Cadillac and it's got the fanciest wheels and it's got leather seats and it's got diamond studded steering wheel? Everything is perfect mechanically wise, but it doesn't have a spark. The gasoline is in the tank, but it doesn't have a spark to make to prove that that gasoline is real gasoline. That gasoline is the pure octane of the of of that gasoline to to to to take it down the road. Amen. But you see what it needs when that little spark then the ga then it proves what you put in the tank is real gasoline. Hallelujah. But if you put gasoline in the car and it's got water in it and you've got a spark, it'll sputter. Amen. You'll go down the road and p putt putt putt backfire and everything else. Hallelujah. You see what is the spark to do? It is to prove that the mechanics is right. Hallelujah. We don't need education to prove the mechanics. We don't need greater education to prove the mechanics. We don't need a man greater preachers to prove the mechanics. But when he, the spirit of truth, comes, he will anoint the mechanics to prove the spirit of revival is here moving in the church to prove that the word is in the bride. The intelligence has entered into the bride and we have thus sayeth the Lord. We know what he wants done with the word. Praise the name of the Lord. He wants you to be his hands. He wants you to be his mouthpiece. He wants to be you to be his temple, his body, his tabernacle. He redeemed you for this purpose. And in this age, we've been restored back into position where every believer has a right to the tree of life. Uh that's the greatest thing that I could tell you young people. You have a tree. You have a right. It is your Godgiven privilege to eat of the tree of life. You say, "Oh, if I only knew where the tree of life was. If I only knew what the tree of life is." The tree of life is Christ. And he is the word. Not just the letter because the letter kleth, but the spirit gives life. And so he is the word and he is the spirit to anoint the word. And when you are eating the word and you're saying, "Oh God, I want to know you. Show yourself to me. Reveal yourself to me. Oh God, fill me with the Holy Ghost. Revive my spirit." Then he, the Holy Ghost, is there to quicken that word. And that is the tree of life. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, God don't have any grandchildren. How many's heard that one before? God doesn't have any grandchildren. He has sons and daughters of God. Amen. We find that the rich young ruler, he he was raised right. His mama, his daddy raised him right. Taught him the the things of God and and and taught him the commandments and and he had a good church experience. Amen. But yet he was still desiring eternal life. Amen. Why did he go to his preacher, his priest, and ask him for eternal life? Because he knew his preacher didn't have it. But he found that there was something different about Jesus. because she did not speak with just traditions and and and fundamentals but there was a life there was a power that he was reflecting and emanating that he was not imminating the church creed he was not reflecting the power of Jewish religion he was reflecting God Jesus said I know where I come from and I am here to do my father's will I do nothing except the father first show it. Hallelujah. So he knew that Jesus had contact with the supernatural and he said give me eternal life. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. But you see, amen. When Jesus told him, you got to go and and there's there's there's one thing that you haven't done. You got all the fundamentals just right, but there's something that you're lacking. You've got one thing that you still got to do and that is you got to sell out and take up your cross and you got to follow me. I tell you friends, amen. We've got to stay in the life. Amen. We've got to sell out to everything. Amen. We've got to give up everything. I'm not saying we got to live on the streets and we got to be beggars and poppers and we can't we can't have a good paying job. I'm not saying any of that. I'm saying you've got to give up the love of the world because if you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God is not in you yet. We're too late. The coming of the Lord is at hand. But there is those that are hungering and thirsting for reality. And to you, I say, you shall be filled. If there is a thirst for God, then that means there is a God to fill you and to quench that thirst. It's scriptural. You shall be filled. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, we were born in sin, shaped in iniquity. We come into the world speaking lies, sinners by nature. Amen. That's why Jesus said you must be born again because without the new birth you can't even you can't even see the kingdom of God. That word see means you can't understand the kingdom of God. And so there was Jesus in full display. The power of God on full display. the very thing that they had been looking back at what a what what Abraham and Moses and all of these scriptures and yet there he was the word made flesh and they couldn't see him and Jesus is saying the reason you can't see me is because it takes a real supernatural experience with me that's why Jesus said that the world isn't going to be able to see me but you're going to be able to see Because God knows that there is a predestinated those that God forneew and predestinated to be believers. As I said last night to meet the challenge and say yes Lord I believe it. You shall see God because the Holy Ghost is for you. The Holy Ghost is for the spirit of truth shall come to those who are crying for reality, longing for life, longing to see God and to dwell in the tabernacle of God and to feel his presence and to see his presence and to see to see his glory. Amen. Not in just not in just church but everyday life. To see the power of God on display in their life. You see, that's why the the Holy Ghost is the sixth sense and because it opens the unseen world to you and it brings reality. What other people can't see, yet the Holy Ghost brings a reality. Again, the world won't see me, but you're going to see me because I'm going to be manifested. You're going to see my glory. You're going to see the sick healed and those that are bound delivered. You're going to see the alcoholic saved and totally delivered. Not because of some 10step program, but because of the power of the Holy Ghost. You're going to see me. And others are going to say, "Ah, there's nothing to that." But to those that are predestinated to believe, you're going to see it. And you're not just going to keep it on the shelf or keep it with your pastor, but and not just keep it in the Bible or with the prophet, but you're going to see these signs shall follow them that believe. And it's not what you're trying to manufacture or work up or make happen. It's just simply you're writing on the promises of God as a word bride. You know that it's a scriptural promise for this last days. You see, it's again supernatural atmosphere that brings results. It's an atmosphere of believing. It's an atmosphere of expecting God to fulfill his word. Amen. If you young people would get into the atmosphere of just believing that God can do it. Amen. You're I I'll just say this. There's so much pressure upon you young people of this age. There's things that that even me as a 42 year old man, I I I I I it's hard for me to even understand what you're going through. We're facing so much demonic influence and demonic pressure. But I just want to say as a witness of one who has come in contact with the power of almighty God that if you surrender your life and you come with that real heartfelt desire to see God regardless of what you're going through, regardless of the pressures in your life, regardless if your mom or daddy seem to understand you, regardless if your pastor seems to understand you, I'd want to say there is a God that understands. you. There is a presence of almighty God that wants to encourage you and strengthen you and to envelop you in his presence. He wants to be your God. He wants you to know that you're sealed away unto the day of redemption. He wants you to understand him. He wants to reveal himself to you. And that's not just to the young. It's to the elder. It's to every one of us. God has come in this hour to be understood by his people. You see, it's an atmosphere of believing that this promise is unto you and to your children and to as many as the Lord our God shall call. Then if there's something calling to your heart, the Holy Ghost is for you. Hallelujah. It's not whether I can convince you enough. you know the desire of your heart and I'm saying if there's a deep calling into the deep and there's something pricking your heart then I'd say the Holy Ghost is for you but let's just take it a little bit further maybe you've been a Christian for 20 years 30 years 40 years 50 years and you need a real refreshing of the Holy Ghost David did not say let me be saved again he said restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. Oh friends, sometimes we go days and weeks and months uh and it can even turn into years. Uh and what we need, we've not lost our salvation, but we need a restoring of the joy of what has been about all of these years. Why do we believe this message? Why are we standing for this vindicated word? Why do we believe that the angel of the Lord took his picture over our prophet? Why do we believe seven angels took his picture of there on Sunset Mountain? What is it? Here's a joy that has been brought into the heart of the real true elect in this day to know we passed from death unto life. Hallelujah. Not man-made, not worked up, but it's the joy of our salvation. Am I yelling too much? Am I hurting your ears? You forgive me. I'm sorry. I'm be beside myself. Oh, God, I love you. You see, every generation has the right to their own revival, to eat of the original mana. Every preacher, every mama, every boy, every girl has a right to go into the Holiest of Holies and eat of the original mana. You don't have to just worry about the mana that's falling on the outside. Hallelujah. They get stagnated and stale and full of wiggle tails. You know what that is? Wiggle. Have you ever been I ever every every once in a while, you know, you can go into a pantry and something that's sealed off and closed up and and and it's been there long enough, you'll find little what I call wiggle tails. And you're thinking, "How in the world did they get in there?" You see, that's the reason that Israel was taught, don't just try to store up mana and try to carry it over to the next day. You only take enough for what you can eat for this day because God's got something else for you tomorrow. Which was a type of the seven church ages that every age had a new message. But in this day, this word was not taking us into just another church age. But this message was taking us into the holiest of holies where the veil shut behind you where there was blood upon the mercy seat where the shikina glory came to identify with the sacrifice where the Aaron's rod which was dead cut off from the life source but in the presence of the holiest of holies they was bringing forth fruit. That's the spirit of revival that we have been brought into. And we are dying daily to stay in that life. You see, we've got to because we're under a pressure like we've never been under. I'm not talking about government. I I'm not talking about threats of shutting our churches down. I'm not talking about this great great squeeze where people hate us and and we're and we're running for our lives. I'm talking about spirits of oppression. Spirits that are trying to keep you from revelation. Spirits that are trying to keep you from your prayer life. Spirits trying to keep you, Amen, discouraged and stressed and nervous. And you don't know what you don't you don't even know why you're so nervous. so much tension and stress and and chaos and yet everything seems to be fine. It's the spirit of the age and Satan is wanting to take us from the life of God. He's wanting to keep us from his presence. He's wanting to keep us, amen, from that daily consecrated walk with God. He doesn't want us to be able to bear up under the pressure. He wants to take our joy. He wants to take our peace. He wants to take our satisfaction in Christ. It's not just in the United States. It's not just in Canada. It's around the world. It's a spirit of the last days trying to make us neurotics and nervous and tense. But I say there is a spirit of revival. I say that the Holy Ghost is still being poured out to refresh you because he promised in the last days it'll be word upon word here a little, there a little, and it'll be word upon word upon word, sale upon sale, gene upon gene. And in the last days, he would pour out the spirit of refreshing. And it would be straight from the presence, the throne of God. And it will refresh us in the time of real need. Hallelujah. Am I preaching to someone? A refreshing. He knows what we have need of. And in the time of great need, to be refreshed, to be renewed, to be encouraged. God promised to pour out the Holy Ghost. It'll be the very thing that refreshes us. like in a a hot hot I know now I know you don't know what I'm talking you know what those that Texas heat amen when you're sweating and you're working and you poured out and it seems like you're you just salt all over you sweat stained all over your clothes amen you just go outside sometimes in the humidity and you just break out into a sweat I'm talking about that southern humidity and southern heat and it can be miserable and you're just thinking, you don't want Coke, you don't want Pepsi, you don't want orange juice, you just want a good cold drink of refreshing water and say, "Oh yes, if I could just down me some good old refreshing water and you just feel like like you can live. Oh, that's what God has provided us in this day is refreshing water." And if you're thirsting for the water, if there's a painful thirst for the water, I'm talking I'm talking about through the Holy Ghost fil, but there's still a a thirst, a longing for more of God, that it's for you. It's for you. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. You see, the prophet of God would say that any birth is a mess. I don't care what it's at. If it's in the pig pin or a hospital, a birth is a mess. So is the new birth. It'll make you do things you didn't think you would do. It'll make you get down at the altar and cry and scream and wash the pain off your face and raise your hands, praise God, speak in tongues, and all kinds of things. The new birth will do that because it's God's provided way to be born again. You have to die. You have to die before you can be reborn. Any seed has to die before it's regenerated again. Unless it dies, it abides alone. A man has got to die to his own thinking. He's got to die to the thinking of anything but God's word and come his way, God's way. That's God's ground. We don't meet him on our thoughts. We meet him on what he said do. That's God's provided way for it. People dodge it. They don't want it. But it's true just the same. It'll produce it produces death and you have to die. Die to your thinking. Again, that's God's provided way for this day. In 64 again, the prophet and why in 63 he says, "But before you can ever get right, you have to come through that mess." Hallelujah. It's a mess, but it brings life. I tell you, sometimes we need that even in our refreshing. Amen. Just come back to that real simplicity and say, "Lord, renew me and refresh me." Sometimes in the spirit of revival, you got to start digging down in your life. Sometimes there's things that's blocking the spirit of revival. Amen. We find that one of the kings, Ahab's sons, amen, a backsliden king, and he got a couple more kings, Jehoshaphat. And it's just coming to my mind. Amen. Jehoshaphat and another king. And they they went seven days journey, amen, through the desert. And they're going to go attack Moab. Amen. They're going to go take back the land that belonged to Israel. Amen. They went seven days journey, but they ran out of water. And there they are in the heat in the desert, and they're thinking they're all going to perish, and they're all going to die. Amen. But it was about that time that Jehoshaphat says, "Surely there's a prophet somewhere." And one of the men said that Elisha lives in such and such a place right over the way. And they said, "Go get him." And so they went and got Elijah. Amen. Which had uh the same anointing that was on Elijah is now upon Elisha. And Elijah comes before the king and the kings and and he gets all worked up and gets angry. Amen. Because of of of Ahab's son. Amen. There. and he sees him and says, "If I would have known it was you, I wouldn't have even come." He said, "But because of Jehoshaphat, I'll come. Someone give me a minstrel." Hallelujah. They get him a minstrel and he begins to play. I like what the prophet says. He says, "Maybe you can't be the prophet, but maybe you can be the minstrel." Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Maybe you can bring be the minstrel that changes the atmosphere because the atmosphere needed to be changed so the prophet could could see a word from the Lord and speak. And I tell you friends, uh, if you can't be the preacher, if you can't be the song leader, if you can't be the trustee, if you can't be the pastor, then just be a minstrel and be a vessel that can bring forth praise and glory and honor and create an atmosphere that the word of God can come forth and speak to your needs, speak to your life. I tell you, all of a sudden, the word came to Elijah and he says, "Make this valley full of ditches." And as as those men begin to get their shovels out and they begin to dig and the prophet of God would Amen would begin to just bring it out, you know, in a in a story and and say that maybe they're digging down a little bit and maybe they hid an old can and maybe it's tobaca or something. Maybe it's some cigarettes or maybe it's some some worldliness, whatever that is. And you got to dig it out because as d as deep as you can dig is as much water as you can have. That's a promise. Amen. If you find there's some pride, get it out. Don't stop there. Don't stop on top of that pride and say, "Well, I can't go any further." Dig it out. You go down and you find there's some jealousy that's sitting there. It jealousy is a spirit. You got to dig it out. Get rid of it. Because if you get rid of it, you're going to have more of the Holy Ghost in your life. You go down and find there's some envy there. There's some Amen. There's some things in your life. But I tell you, when you surrender it all to God, it becomes an unlimited revival of the power of the Holy Ghost flowing through your life. That's what I want. I want the spirit of revival to have preeminence that everything is out of my heart and out of my life and God is having the liberty to just keep pouring it in, pouring it in, pouring it in. Do you realize the prophet of God says purgatory? He said, "I believe in purgatory." He said, "Not the way the Catholics were. Not the way the Catholics preach it." He says, "But I believe in purging our souls daily by the blood of Jesus Christ to keep the spot of sin off of our garments. You've got to die daily and stay covered by the blood of Jesus Christ." Remember the prophet of God says you were saved before the foundation of the world. Amen. The blood of Jesus does not save you. You are already saved. The blood of Jesus keeps you clean to keep the move of the Holy Ghost flowing in our lives to keep the word fresh in our lives that we can feed daily upon that shoe bread. Hallelujah. Can I go a little bit further? You see, the only way to overcome is by the Holy Ghost. When you can look at the scripture and say greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. What is that which is greater is God. You see and how can I overcome? Brother says overcome means to stand the test. He says that's what the old saints did. They stood the test. You got to stand the test like Jesus did amidst all of his enemies. He stood the test. Everything he was tested against, he stood it. In the very face of sickness and him being Messiah, he healed them. In the face of death, he brought it back to life. In the face of Calvary, his own death, he defeated it by surrendering himself. Why? By the word said, you destroy this temple and I'll raise it up in three days. The word said so. And in the presence of death, he defeated it. He overcome death. In the presence of hell, he defeated hell and overcome hell. In the presence of the grave, he overcome the grave. All by the word and humility. There's the real man. There's the one to make your example. He defeated everything. Overcome it. Look, temptation was for him. You know that the Bible said he was tempted in all points like we are, yet without sin. He was tempted by drinking. He was tempted by women. He was tempted by everything that could be tempted by. He was tempted by everything that we are. He was a man and yet you couldn't put a mark on him. That's the real overcomer because he had his place where he was overshadowed by the Holy Ghost. And immediately after receiving the Holy Ghost, the spirit led him into the wilderness to be temp tempted by the devil. The prophet of God says that that what the very same temptation that Eve faced in the garden, the very thing that she was faced with and she reasoned and doubted the word of God and it threw the whole human race under a curse. Jesus came right back under that same temptation and stood there and said, "It is written. It is written. It is written." What was he doing? He was showing how a true Holy Ghost believer overcomes in this age. Because not in Luther's age, not in Wesley's age, not the Pentecostal age, but this age, we are faced with the same temptations. The pride of life, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes. We are faced with the same temptation and we overcome. Listen young people, listen church, we overcome by the word. We are a word bride. We are we see our position in the word and without that we'll be swept away. Without that, without his word made life to us, we'll just rot. Hallelujah. We'll look good on the outside, but we'll just rot away because we can't take the pressure. Oh, brothers and sisters, I cannot convey that enough. the power, the grace of God that has been given to the church to be able to stand up under the pressures by the spirit of God bringing this word word by word and quickening to our hearts. You see, overcoming now you got to overcome means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. Oh, the devil, he's a deceiver, isn't he? He's tricky. He's a shyer. He's sly. But you got to understand, you got to recognize the devil. And you got to recognize all of his tricks. Lots of people says there is no devil. It's just a thought. Don't you believe that? There is a real devil. He's just as real as you are or anybody. A real devil. And you must recognize him real. You must know he's a devil. Then the same time that you recognize him and know that he's a devil and he's against you. Elders, can I get a witness? He's against us. Young people, you found out he's against you. Every gun from hell is pointed at you. He's the real devil. He's a real power and he's against you. But at the same time, you realize he's a real devil and there's a real power and he's trying to destroy you. Then you recognize that to overcome, you must recognize that the God in you is greater and mightier than he is. That the one that's in you has already overcome him. And by his grace, you are more than a match for him. There is real overcoming. When you recognize the very moment that you recognize, yes, the devil's real. Yes, he's a real power. Yes, he's trying to destroy me. But greater is he that is in me than he that's in the world. That's the moment you've already overcome. You can still be facing pressure, still be facing spirits of oppression, depression, anxiety, nervousness, every kind of spirit from hell. But when you realize that greater is the Holy Ghost that's in you than the than that demon that's against you, you have already overcome. The prophet of God says, "You've come too late to tell me there's not a real devil. He says there are two powers and that's God's power and Satan's power. He says I He says I run headlong into him every day. Don't tell me there's no devil because I know better. It says I have to fight with him every day so I know there's a devil. And you must be trained when you meet him. Not trained in psychology, not trained in education, but trained by the Holy Spirit. God's power in his word to make it manifest. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, Jesus broke through the veil. Now, let's just talk about our overcomer for just a few moments. Jesus broke through the veil, the mighty conqueror, and he broke into the holiest of holies. He sacrificed himself for us. Even when in the garden of Gethsemane his his sweat turned into great drops of blood because his because he was in such great agony and truly that's where he died was when he was in that garden. That's where he died to himself, died to his will, died to his humanity. Father, let this cup pass from me. Nevertheless, thy will be done. And he did it for you and I. And when he went to the Calvary, Amen. And the veil was rent. the temple veil, the veil in the natural which was keeping only the high priest could go into beyond that veil once a year. And anyone else that tried to go into the presence of God would die because there was a curse upon the human race. But God in his mercy had been giving a type that when the high priest would take the blood of an innocent sacri a sacrifice and and he would go beyond the veil into the holiest of holies and he would offer the blood of that innocent substitute for the sins of the whole congregation. And when the shikina glory dropped down upon that uh into that holies of holies, he was identifying recognizing that covenant and declaring that their sins were rolled ahead, forgiven another year. But it was only prophecy, only a foreshadow of when the true lamb of God was offered up as a sacrifice and he broke through the veil. Hallelujah. And God, as a witness, God took his sword and cut the veil from the top to the bottom, showing that it wasn't a man that was doing it. It wasn't a man that was redeeming you. It was not a man with all of his creeds and dogmas and traditions and psychology redeeming you. It was the pure blood of God that was shed on Calvary that broke through the veil to declare you are holy. You the curse of sin has been broke off of your life. It used to be death to go into the holiest of holies. Now is death not to go into the holiest of holies because God rich in mercy restored us back into the presence of God that we can stay continually in the spirit of revival. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, redeem is to buy back. Amen. And we're purchased by the blood of God. And you are not your own because you have been brought bought with a price. I've got a lot of scriptures here, but I can't go into them for sake of time. But you see, Paul would say that know ye not that your body is the temple of God, the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, and you are not your own. You are God's. What is he declaring? That the curse of the fall has been taken off of your life. Amen. I know sometimes the devil tries to beat us up with generational curses and say, "Well, you know, my my great greatgrandfather and my grandfather and my daddy and now I've got it." And he tries to he tries to convince you that you're cursed. Hallelujah. He tries to convince you you've got to have sugar diabetes because it runs in your family. While the doctor, you go to the doctor and the doctor tries to say, "Well, your symptoms are these. Do you have do you have any history in your family that that that they have heart attacks? They have cancer. They What is he doing? He's trying, Amen. to go through your life and and and and if they've got it, it's a good it's a good evidence that you've got it. And the devil will sell you that. And the moment that you believe that, then you are signing for a curse. But the blood of Jesus Christ destroyed the curse. By one man's disobedience, we fell under the curse. But one by one man's obedience, the curse was broke off of our life forever. And now the Holy Ghost has been has res has returned to the believer to bear witness. The covenant is enforced. The covenant which is the spotless lamb of God, Jesus Christ. The covenant between God and man, the covenant is in full strength. The Holy Ghost is here to enforce the covenant, declaring you do not belong to the devil. You are not under a curse. You are under life. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. You don't have to fear death. For if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, it shall also quicken your mortal body. You don't have to fear cancer. You don't have to fear sugar diabetes. You don't have to fear depression. You don't have to fear some hormone problems. You are under a sentence of life. Thank you, Lord. And as long as Satan can get you to believe that you're still fallen, can get you to believe that you've got to just sign up for it and accept it, then that is the moment that you are back under a curse. But to that elected, there is a revival for you. Come out of that curse. Come out of that thing that the devil has got you signing your name for it. Send it back to send her and say, "I refuse to sign for it. I am a bloodbought bornagain son and daughter of God. I name is written on the lamb's book of life. I am healed. I am delivered. I am filled and sealed unto the day of redemption." Don't you accept no generational curse in your life? Refuse to accept that thing. The blood of Jesus Christ breaks the yoke of sin. Breaks the yoke of condemnation. Hallelujah. It was the devil that enticed Israel to sign up for law. It was something that they could do. I tell you friends, it's the devil that always will come to the real true elect, Abraham's seed and then talk you back into going after works and well, I've got to do this and if I don't do it just right, then I'm not a son of God. And and we get our check our little our little checklist and I've done this and I've done that and I've done that. Let me remind you that's what that's what that rich young ruler, he checked them all off. I've done it ever since I was a youth. I know church order. I don't chew gum in church. I don't pass notes in church. I know everything just right. I know how. But the prophet of God did not send church order to bind up the Holy Ghost. He came to protect the church from a bunch of carnal impersonations. But that does not mean we cannot allow the Holy Ghost to have preeminences in our church service. I say let the tears roll. Let this not come. Let a Holy Ghost uh move of God come and know that we've been born again. Hallelujah. Don't be scared of it. If there's if there's just one of you that needs a new birth, don't you be scared of the new birth. Hallelujah. No one's going to mock you. You're among friends. No one's going to ridicule you and say you're a holy roller. Especially when the prophet of God preached a sermon of why I am a holy roller. Hallelujah. We believe in the power and the moving of the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of the Lord. Am I out of order? Maybe I'm out of order. Hallelujah. But I believe it. I believe in life. I believe that's what our young people need. I believe that's what every one of us needs. Amen. A refreshing and renewing and a fresh visitation for the presence of Almighty God. Hallelujah. Amen. The Holy Ghost, when it comes, it'll enforce that you're no longer in the pawn shop. Hallelujah. When we were sold under sin, we were sold in Satan's pawn shop. Hallelujah. And the devil could the devil could mock us. He could ridicule us. He could laugh at us. He could tell us all kinds of things because because we were sold under sin. But when Jesus Christ redeemed us, he took us out of the pawn shop. Hallelujah. You know why you can redeem something out of the pawn shop? Because it once belonged to you. Praise the name of the Lord. Why did Jesus go by Samaria to the woman at the well? because she was in Satan's pawn shop and she was sold under sin and she had five husbands and the one she was living with was not even her husband and the and the rel she was a religious outcast and no one else wanted to be around her but here come the redeemer. Hallelujah. That light had been coming across rocks and become coming coming across this dirt. the Pharisees, the Sadducees, just a whole bunch of religious mess and they couldn't receive the light. But when Jesus, the revealed word, come across her path and discern her heart and told her that she was a real daughter of God, instantly she came to life. Why? Because she was redeemable. Hallelujah. And even though the devil put a generational curse on her life, yet God, our kinsman redeemer, broke that off of her life. I tell you friends, mas, daddies, you don't have to carry over generational curses on your children. I'm just going to stay on it just a little bit longer. Amen. You that thing that you're struggling with, let it die with you. Don't Don't you pet that thing. Don't pet spirits. Don't try to don't don't don't don't sign for anything and say, "Well, I've just got to put up with it." I say, "Let us die to it. Die to temper. Die to jealousy. Die to envy. Die to gossip. Die to Leona. Die to every spirit that's trying to keep you lukewarm and bound and trying to say you're not going to make the rapture. Die to that thing. You are a daughter of God. You are a son of God. You are redeemable. or you would never be under the presence of God saying, "Oh God, I've longed for you, my Messiah." Hallelujah. Amen. You see, we're not under a curse any longer. Amen. The prophet of God, I'm just skipping way ahead. Amen. Look what Look what Paul said. By one offering, he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us. That's what the Holy Ghost is. It is bearing witness that you are already perfect. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. If you're under law, you're under a curse. If you're trying to just perform religious re uh uh Christianity by just works, it's dead works and you're under the curse. But Jesus came under the law and he not did not do away with the law. He magnified the law, fulfilled the law and he become a curse for you and I that he could declare you are perfect. He took your place that you can take his place. Oh, you understand your position in Christ Jesus. There is therefore now. Say now. Ain't that a beautiful word? Not future tense. Now we are the sons of God. There is no condemnation now to them who are positionally placed in Christ who is our life refreshing us, rejuvenating us, restoring us, making love to us. There's no condemnation because we're not under the law of sin and death any longer. The law of sin and death cannot influence this flesh to make us disbelieve the word. But we are already pregnantated with the Holy Ghost and we have already been quickened to life. I said it last night, I'll say it again. Our imagination says, "Oh, it gets all wild on us." Our reasoning tries to talk us out of the promises of God. What we see tries to make us disbelieve. Satan has a right to every one of our senses. You heard me right. Satan has a right to try to anoint every one of your senses. That's why when you see something contrary to the word, you don't believe it. When you hear something contrary to the word, you don't believe it. When reasoning comes and tries to talk you out of the word, you don't believe it. When your imagination goes wild and you start all kinds of things I we can go a long ways in imagination. Don't believe it if it's contrary to this word. The word is your absolute. It's your typost and it's the typost of the soul and the soul has broke through the veil. Now, I'm closing, but remember remember the prophet of God said the China, he says when when when the Chinese came over to the United States, it says they couldn't speak English, but they were very good laundrymen. And he said, so they had to come up with some way to to do laundry and and and write out a receipt. He said, "So what they would do is they would take a piece of paper and then they would tear this piece of paper a certain way and then they would give you one." I'm going to give you a piece of paper, give you one, and then they would go and then they would do the work of the kinsmen. I mean, they would go over here and do the work of the laundrom. And they would scrub that laundry and make sure that it's white and clean and and then when the laundry was ready and it was ready to be claimed, you had to come back with that piece to dovetail together. And so when you come back to claim your laundry, it had to come back and it had to dovetail perfectly together. Oh, what was it? You see, on Calvary, Jesus, when he did the work of the kinsman redeemer, he was going to break the curse of sin off of our life. God tore him into at Calvary. And he took his body to be to to be at to sit at the right hand of the father to be our high priest, our intercessor. And there he is as our kinsman, redeemer, interceding on our behalf. But then he sent back his spirit to confirm the covenant to every heart of every believer, every gene seed of God that was in his thinking before the foundation of the world. So you receive the Holy Ghost and we've been waiting the son of God. Amen. He's been doing the work of the kinsman redeemer. Son of God seven church ages. But in the day when the son of man is to be revealed, when the lamb takes the book and opens the seals, he's going to do the work of claiming. What is he doing? He's coming to claim his church, the one that he's cleansed and redeemed and taken the spot of sin off of your life. No condemnation. You're already judged. You're clean. You're pure. You're holy. So when he, the mighty angel, which is the spirit of truth, comes down and he comes in the form of his word and he begins to claim you. And he says, "You're mine. I claim you. I bought you with a price. Those hands are my hands. That body is my body. Your soul is my soul." Amen. My soul. And every one of you begins to claim you and says, "You don't belong to the devil. You don't belong to Leosa. There's an open door. There's a door of entrance into heavenly places. Break free of your imagination. Break free of your reasoning. Break free of these earthbound senses and break into that sixth sense. Let the Holy Ghost take you into your position. Hallelujah. where you see yourself in the vindicated message of the hour, the word that's been revealed for this day, and say, "That's who I am. That's my position. That's where I stand." And right there in your position, God promised to send open the windows of heaven and just keep pouring out blessings of refreshment. Blessings of refreshing. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. You see, the prophet of God, I'm closing. Oh, oh my goodness. The prophet of God says, you know what it does when this revelation breaks upon your soul and you see the word being fulfilled? What was promised? It brings stimulation, doesn't it? Stimulation of joy. When you see it, your soul, you see it this day. We've been waiting for this day for the seals to break over our life, to claim us. We can't be lost. There is absolutely no way that we can be lost. There is absolutely hear me. It's the words of a vindicated prophet. There is no way this bride can fail. You say, "What about Eve? What about the Pentecostal church?" God knew they would fall. God allowed them to fall. But in this age, he predestinated you not to fall. You are predestinated to this glorious stand. You are predestinated to the adoption of children to stand in your position with your shoulders back and get and say, "Satan, you have no power. You have no authority. You have no dominion in my life. I'm a son of God. Get your hands off of my family. Get your hands off of my mind. Get your hands off of my wife. Get your hands off of my children. Stand there as under that supreme authority of the vindicated word of God. That's what stimulates you. That's the joy of our salvation. That's the refreshing. That word just keeps refreshing. Refreshing. We just meditate upon the word, thinking on the word, thinking about the promises, and God just keeps refreshing us and keeps pouring out his spirit upon our life. Hallelujah. The prophet and the mighty God unveiled before us. And I'm closing with this. And so that is where the people tried to blindfold so many people by the traditions of the elders as it was then. And you fail to see why that the people are so elated and so enthused. And these conventions are such an oddball, such a strange thing to other people is because they see they broke through those barriers. They broke through those veils into the presence of God where they see the manifested promise of this hour made manifest before the people. They see what God promised. This word bride sees what God promised. Hallelujah. We broke through the veils. What is those veils? Those veils of tradition. Hearing those testimonies, it blessed my soul so much hearing those testimonies. How this church began and you broke through those veils. You come out of that Roman Catholic church and come to accept the message of the hour. You were breaking through the veil. Hallelujah. Amen. And each one of us as we come to our own revival, I had to break through veils. Things that were trying to interpret interpret the scripture a certain way, a certain a certain taint to it. Amen. I had to come through that veil and come under the headship of a vindicated word prophet for this day. Hallelujah. But when I broke through the veil, then it become a revival to my soul. It become a stimulation of joy. It become an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. You say, "You don't have bad days. Oh, I have plenty of them." You don't have pressure. I've got plenty of them. You don't have nervousness and and and and spirits try to give get a hold of you every day almost. But I know whom I have believed. I broke through the veil that's keeping me out of his presence. And now I'm in his presence with the veil closed behind me. And it's just me and God. As I said last night, Enoch was my type. I'm not a type of Enoch. And Enoch after 65 years old, he walked with God for 300 years. Justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and a Enoch was not for God took him. It's the catching away time of the bride. We've already went through justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The rapture is upon us. Let the musicians come. I got to stop. Oh, it's just flooding my soul. Hallelujah. Enoch had this testimony that he pleased God. And without faith, it is impossible to please God. And the seals were open to give us rapturing faith that we can please God. We can walk with God and say, "Yes, Lord, you're coming for me." A bride without spot, without wrinkle, not looking at yourself. Not looking at your humanity. Not falling under despair and condemnation. You're above it. You're above it. Reasoning can't get you down. You're above it. Oh, people get so scared when they see the signs of the time and an American pope now and so many things happening in politics and my goodness and people talking about the coming of the Lord and all of and oh, people get so weary, scared and then they start going back under the curse. the curse their flesh and they start saying, "Oh, oh no, I don't know if I'll make it. I as long as you're look to your humanity, there's not one of us will ever make the rapture." But when you please God by faith, you are taking what God has given us through his word in this hour and you're standing on it. If I only knew my position, the message of the hour has revealed your position justified as if you had never sinned in the first place. Stand there. A bride following the headship of the word back to the Garden of Eden. Stand there. Saying amen to every word. Making love to God by saying amen to his word. Hallelujah. Oh, I I just love him. I just love him. You know, I feel like just singing Amazing Grace. Can we do that? Amazing grace, how [Music] sweet. Oh, that safety. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I once was lost but now [Music] oh I see what great thou have taught my heart. Oh, you want to just make love to him? I love you, Jesus. My fears. Oh, how great. [Music] Hello. I love you. [Music] I am [Music] already his gra. Hallelujah. and will be there. Oh, with all of your heart. [Music] all their names and to see God's grace we first so praise God praise God praise [Applause] Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise [Applause] God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, it's amazing grace. It's amazing. Grace, how sweet the sound that [Music] save me. Oh, I once was lost, but now Oh, I was blind. But now, oh, just keep playing that. Now, if there's anyone that needs prayer, I just want to open it up to you. If you feel like you need to come and we'll help you pray. Maybe sickness in your body. Maybe there's a situation in your life that just seems like you can't get over it. Maybe there's something just like a generational curse that just keeps holding you back. I want you to know, friends, again, by the blood of Jesus and by the power of the Holy Ghost, every generational curse is broke. You can be set free. You are free by the power of God. If you'd like to go ahead and just come and take a hold of your redemptive rights, you're welcome to. There's someone that someone that you've not received the Holy Ghost yet. I just want you to know it's for you. You don't have to leave this service without it because it's your promise. God promised that he would fill you. And you don't have to beg. All you have to do is just come boldly before his throne of grace and say, "Father, cover me with your blood. You promised to fill me with the Holy Ghost. It's your promise." Friends, it is that simple as just opening your heart and saying, "Lord, I receive your spirit. Feel me." You don't have to beg. You don't have to work anything up. You don't have to try to manufacture anything. Just open your heart and receive it and God will fill you. It's for you young people. I want I just want to say you young people, you're not the future generation. You are the generation. You're not the one that we're waiting on to come someday. God has raised you up for such a time as this. God has God has brought you here by his grace to listen to this message to fill you with his spirit that you that you can be a reflection of his light to your friends at school, to the friends that you play with, in your neighborhood where you work. God's God's brought you here in this season for such a time as this. And I tell you, you're a blessed generation. I say, God bless you, young people. I say, God bless you, elders, for standing for this message. Thank you for staying faithful, staying Thank you for creating an atmosphere that the Holy Ghost can have its way. That the message is not just a dead letter or just another denominational system, but this word is alive. I I want to salute you. I want to say thank you. Thank you because that there is a church that is standing for the word in this hour. God is alive and well. And whatever your heart's desire is, you can receive it. Maybe it's a nervous condition. How many times in the prayer lines, Brother Brandham would say, "Now what you've got, you've got a nervous condition and it seems like you can't get over it. and people are telling you you just need to get over it. He said, "But you can't." He said, "But you've been waiting for a place for solid ground just to put your feet and get a hold of yourself." He said, "That time is now." Maybe you're in a real nervous condition in life, but I just want to say that this can be your service. that from this point on you can get your feet under you, settle your nerves, and you can be free. The power of God is here to heal you. Do you believe that, saints? Do you believe that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever? I believe it with all of my heart. I I've been in meetings where seen mighty, mighty, mighty deliverances. I wasn't around when the prophet was here. But I'm around when Jesus Christ is still alive and he's still moving and he's still manifesting his word. If you'd like to just bow your hearts, maybe you want to just lift your hand and say, "Remember me, Brother Jonathan. I need prayer. God knows your heart. God knows every condition. Lord Jesus, your children's hands are up before you. Father, you've not given us the spirit of fear, but of love and power and sound mind. And Father, we're stepping before your throne of grace, Father, asking petition of thee, Father, that you would bring refreshing, renewing, restoration. Father, as we have preached on the spirit of revival and how that that we're living in an hour that we must we must keep the spirit of revival alive. We've got a purpose in our hearts to stay in the life all the time. Maybe there's someone grown a little bit cold. Why? It's not that they're sinning. It's not that they they even love the world, but maybe they just grown a little cold and maybe they need to trim their lamp a little bit. That I pray, oh God, that you would come in mercy and that you would go to that heart and that you would rekindle the flame. Cut away the worldliness, Lord. Cut away the coldness. And I pray, oh God, that you would just just trim trim back the wick, Lord, and let the fire burn burn brighter than ever before. When they come in contact with anyone, even just strangers, our strangers are able to see that they're the revival. It's not in the Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, some denomination, non-a non non-denominational, but it's a just a personal individual relationship with God. Lord Jesus, I pray that you would just bless every young person. Father, my heart, you just stirred my heart for these young people. And I know, Lord, that you love them. I know you wanted me to tell them that that you love them and that you care for them and that you know what they're facing and what they're going through. Lord Jesus, I pray that you would just wrap your loving arms around them. Let them feel your embrace. Let them recognize your presence. Stir their souls, Lord. Regardless of what they're going through, I know they're facing great obstacles, great pressures. All hell has been poured out in this age. But Lord Jesus, as all hell's been poured out, all heaven has been poured out as well. And we can honestly say that greater is he that is in us than he that is in this world. Lord Jesus, we don't have to knuck down for the devil. We don't have to sign up for what he's telling us that we have. We can we can come under the influence of the Holy Ghost right now. And I believe every generational curse is is falling off of our lives. We're free of it. Lord, if we could just get just get that Holy Ghost strength, Holy Ghost courage to to just put our shoulders back and say, "Satan, you've had enough. From this day on, I'm free. I declare freedom over the devil. I declare freedom over this generational curse. I'm not under the law of sin and death any longer. I'm under the law of the spirit of liberty. Lord Jesus, we just we just give invite and welcome you to move from this day forth. Just continue the work, continue to flow, continue to just refresh and restore the joy of our salvation. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. You know, could we sing this song? Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. [Music] Oh, happy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I've heard it [Music] preach. What's he doing? He's letting you know. I know your name. I know who you are. I know what your need is. And I'm here to answer the need. Amen. He's Jehovah Gyra, the God that sees the need, Lord Jesus, and provides. It's not just letting you know he sees. He lets you know he sees. So, he lets you know he provides as well. Lord Jesus, it's an opportunity. And your part is to say, "I believe. I receive. I heard my name called and I'm coming to get my blessing." Remember what he said in the first service. He says, "Grace is the word of promise being preached to you, but you got to put your name behind it." Amen. Let's sing this. You are more than enough for me. Let your faith go to work. Don't look at circumstances. Don't look at history. Don't look at family. Amen. Look to the word and say, "Lord, I'm trusting you this morning, this evening." Amen. Let's sing it together. Jehovah [Music] Gyra, my proider. You are for me. Jehovah, you're mighty healing. Hallelujah. Praise your name, Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jehovah, you are with me. You are my God. You are my healer. You are my deliverer. Hallelujah. You supply all of my needs. Praise your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. You are more than enough. You're more than enough. You are more than enough for me. [Music] Jehovah. You are more than enough for me. over. You're my healer. By your stripes, I have been set free. Amen. Jehovah sh [Music] [Applause] You are with me. is abide by all [Music] my you are all done. Amen. More than enough. Hallelujah. You are more than enough for me. Angel Hallelujah. You are all they for me. Jehovah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You're my heer. By your stripes I've been saved. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Jehovah, you are with me. Hallelujah. All I need. Amen. You are more than enough. Amen. Praise the Lord. More than enough. You are more than and for healer 1163 healer. Praise the Lord. You hold my every moment. You come my raing sea. You walk with me through fire and heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. I believe you're my healer. Amen. I believe you are all I need. I believe. Hallelujah. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Amen. Jesus, you're all I need. You hold my every moment. You come my sea. Amen. You walk with me through fire and heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. Glory Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You are my healer. I believe you are all I need. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Hallelujah. Jesus, you're all I need. You hold my every moment. You come my raing sea. Amen. You walk with me through fire and you heal all my disease. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I trust in you, Lord. I trust. Amen. In Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are all I need. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for glory. Hallelujah. Jesus, you're all I need. You hold my every moment. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. You walk with me through fire and heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. Amen. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. I believe you're my fashion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. I believe you're my healer. I believe you are all I need. I believe. Oh, praise the Lord. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. God still moves. God still moves. [Music] 9:16. God still moves. God still [Music] moves in the hearts of his people. God still he does not change nor does he Hallelujah. My God still God still. Hallelujah. are still in the hearts of his people. God still he not. Amen. Praise the Lord. Your daddy is slumber. God still. Hallelujah. God still. God still move. Oh, bless the Lord. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still rules. He does not sleep, nor does he stop. God still moves. Amen. God still moves. Oh, God still [Music] moves. Hallelujah. In the hearts of his people, God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He does not love me, nor does he God still. Hallelujah. God still. Oh God still moves. Move, oh Lord. Hallelujah. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still knows. He does not see. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. God still He will carry you. 9:22 There is no problem so big God cannot solve it. There is no mountain to talk. He cannot prove it. Amen. And there is no storm to dark. God cannot come. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. There is no sorrow too deep. He can [Music] unsume if he carries the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Amen. I know my brother that he will carry you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And it be carried away of the world upon his shoulders. I know my sister that he will carry you. There is no Hallelujah. God cannot sit. Hallelujah. There is no mountain to he cannot move it. That's the truth. Hallelujah. And there is no storm too dark but God cannot come in. Oh, praise the Lord. There is food to deep than he can. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Did he carry the weight of the world upon his [Music] shoulder? I Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if he carry the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Hallelujah. I know my sister that he will carry you. Hallelujah. And there is no problem to me. God cannot solve it. Amen. Hallelujah. There is no mountain to die. He cannot prove. Oh, thank you Lord. And there is no storm too dark. God cannot come in. Hallelujah. There is no star too deep. He can [Music] assume if he carrying the weight of the world upon his should I know my brother that he will carry You praise the Lord. Then did he carry the weight of the world upon his show. Oh hallelujah. I know my sister. Praise the Lord. Carry you. And if he carried the weight of the world upon this shoulder. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I know my brother that he will car you. Praise the Lord. And if he carried the weight of the world, I'm upon his shoulder. Thank you, Jesus. I know my sister will carry you and carrying the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Oh, praise the Lord. I am my brother. He will carry you if he carries the weight of the world upon your earth. I know my sister that he will carry you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Blessed be his name. Let's sing. In Christ alone I place my trust. This 9:17 the chorus. Amen. In Christ alone, I place my trust. [Music] Yep. [Music] Prayer given to me before I came off here. It said, "Please keep Wesley in prayer. He's having issues with his stomach and is in pain." That's brother Paul's young boy. I just went to brother Paul and said, "Can we pray for Wesley through you?" He said he turned on a dime. He's all well. Hallelujah. God still moves. Whatever you've been prayed for tonight, if he can do it for Wesley, if he's done it for Wesley, he's done it for you. Thank you, Lord. Don't look at anything else. They overcame by the blood of the lamb. That's what keeps you clean. But there's a word of testimony that must come from your mouth. And you hold fast. Don't move. Don't move. Don't move. And you rest. And you dwell on what he has told you. Until he gives it. Thou keep him in perfect peace, whose heart is stayed on thee. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this as a testimony. It's already done. We're walking through time, but it's already done, church. That's right. The answer's already been given. The word can't come back to him void. The promise is there for someone to receive it. Amen. Let's make sure we've received it this evening. Amen. God bless you. Christ the Lord. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me, my source of strength. Amen. My source of hope is Christ the Lord. In Christ the Lord I place. Hallelujah. And find my glory in the power of the cross in every Hallelujah. Let it be said of me. My source of strength. My source of hope is Christ alone. In Christ alone. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Then find my glory. Hallelujah. the cross in every way. Oh hallelujah. Let it be said. Lord of me, my source of strength, my source of hope. Hallelujah. Once more. In Christ alone. In Christ alone I place my trust. Hallelujah. And find my in the power of the cross. In every Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let it be said of me. My source of Hallelujah. My soul sh I'm hope Christ the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We want to sing 1062 and with that testimony this is going to confirms it. Lord you make your mercies new every day. Amen. Let us sing that thanking the Lord for answered prayer and thanking the Lord for his mercies to us all. I thought that I had crossed the line. Walked away from love one time. Too many. Praise the Lord. And I thought I'd use up all the praise. Satisfied for my mistakes. Praise the Lord. So many on my knees I have found to my [Music] surprise. Hallelujah. that your mercy renews with the sun. Lord, you make your mercies new every day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you change my life in so many ways. You cra me in your sweet praise. He is with me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He has day to day forever more. There's one thing that I know for sure. Precious the morning. You make a mercy new every morning. Hallelujah. Oh, the wasted times that I have a proud away from home. Hallelujah. Not knowing every day your grace was mounted to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. with forgiveness waiting to provide. Lord, you anchor you every day. Yes. Amen. You change my life in so many ways. You cradled me in your sweet grace. You failed me. Yesterday forever more. There's one thing that I know for sure. Fresh as the morning, you make a mercy to hallelujah. Every morning I thought that I had crossed the line, walked away from love. Too many. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I find all the grace set aside for my mistakes. Oh, hallelujah. So many on my knees have come to my [Music] surprise. That your mercy renews with us. Hallelujah. Lord, you mercy every day. You change my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet praise. You me, master. Thank you forever more. There's one thing that I know for sure. Fresh as a morning to make a voices new every morning. All the wasted times. Oh, the wasted times that I have a bron away from home. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Every day your grace was multipied. with forgiveness waiting to. Thank you, Lord. Lord, you give me mercies every day. You change my life in so many ways. You graciously sweet yesterday, today or ever more. There's one thing I know for sure. Bless the Lord. Thank you. Amen. Bless the Lord. Before we go tonight, I want to sing 850, which is Have your way. Sing that tonight. I'm going to ask brother Chad to close in prayer if you would. and uh just continue to pray for each other. Pray for the service tomorrow. Pray for our brother. He preached his heart out tonight and last night. But may God give him some more heart to preach out of you. Amen. The word has been wonderful and it's having its effect. So let's uh let's let God have his way tonight, tomorrow, and pray for those that are sick and do need a touch from the Lord. And those that are not here tonight, remember Sister Kimberly and of course Wesley. We thank the Lord. We thank the Lord for answered prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing that. Have your way. Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. as we wait. Amen. As we pray, fill our hearts with your word and have your way. Have your way. Yes, Lord. Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill in our hearts and have your way. As we wait, as we pray, hallelujah. Fill our hearts with your word and have your way. For you have been my strength in times of trouble. a tower above my enies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. Hear my prayer, oh Lord. Yes, Father. the ends of the earth like your peace will lead me to a rock that is higher than I for you having my strength in times of trouble. A tower above my enemies. Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of hear my prayer. Hear my prayer, O Lord, on the ends of the earth. My hallelujah. Your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher. For you have been my strength. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. a tower above my enies. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. For you have been my strength in times of trouble. A tower above. Hallelujah. And Lord, I will abide with you forever in the shelter of your wings. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Thank you Lord for your [Music] grace. Only thing I can say is thank you Lord. I am standing proof of your grace Lord. Lord Lord I may not have what I've heard this weekend or but I've heard stand forth. All you have to do is ask. Thank you for that Lord. I pray, Father, for everyone that stood forth. I pray, pray with all that I have, Lord, that you touched them, lead them, guide them, show them without a shadow of a doubt that you are an everpresent God. Our feelings, our emotions, none of these things changes your word, Lord. He said, "I will never leave you nor forsake you." Thank you for that, Lord. Thank you for all you've done, Lord, here tonight. Touching your people, Lord. Thank you for using Brother Jonathan. Lord, thank you. I don't have any other words to say, Father, but thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. I pray that you touch him, Lord, in a special way tonight, Lord. A great visitation, Father something. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. I pray, Father, for Brother John, Lord, our pastor. I pray that you touch him, Lord, in a special way, Father. You know, Lord, we we all know he prays for us, Lord. And hopefully you can take me out to pray. Let's touch him, Father. Thank you for for him and his family, Lord, and for their prayers, Lord. I just pray that you do something real special for them, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] From the end of the earth will lead me for all that is for you my strength in times of Oh my [Music] go with you forever in the shelter of your ware. [Music] Oh, by the end of the earth I will lead me to [Music] many for [Music] you. Heat. [Music] Heat. Glory. [Music] I the power of love I [Music] will forever. in the shel of [Music] God from the end of the earth. My your peace will be true. on that you love a tower of love. I am now with you forever in the shelter of glory. From the ends of the earth, your reach will lead me to the rock that is higher It's worthy of Holy king in Every hour is worth it all to be his child to serve him. The [Music] last is worthy to be his and he worth it Oh, do we deserve to serve you [Music] that is worthy all to [Music] here and let me know this all to serve me the I love to feel his heart and he every hour in you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart in my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath and day and morning I pray. Forgive my heart in my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take every [Music] morning is my desire. Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. I worship [Music] you. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my [Music] god. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] everywhere that I pray no [Music] matter [Music] you worship. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Forever your way to me. I give my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take has fallen out your way. Praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I [Music] am the [Music] Lord. I will praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] The [Music] Lord [Music] is the great [Music] My heart sh I come Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] for you. Your heart [Music] Hey. [Music] Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. [Laughter] [Music] Heat. here on your eyes. Now we see your face, your face of your love as you live. Glory as you will in my Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, thank you. [Music] Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I will adore you. [Music] It's going to come. [Music]
