################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-28 - 20250827 - The Token Life Pt 80 - The Restoration Message Pt 1  - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-28
Title:    20250827 - The Token Life Pt 80 - The Restoration Message Pt 1  - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZqenhPP82U
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aivHgLUHmNMAki65bWIIfH1R3skbVj_q/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] I feel [Music] You think you're [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I came to worship you. Amen. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you, Lord. Amen. Your holy name to raise Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. How I worship you. You are my Lord. I came to worship you. Praise the Lord. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you Lord. Your holy name to raise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. How I worship you. You are my Lord. Let's sing it again. Hallelujah. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you Lord. your holy name to reign. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I worship you. You are my Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing 1,250 as we bring praises. Amen. And trust your pro praises tonight &gt;&gt; for the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Amen. Emptyhanded recover to the high throne. Open inside with nothing to hide. We offer praisees. We now worship the name of the lamb that was slain. Asking nothing for us. We just bring you a love offering praisees. Amen. We bring praisees hallelujah to you Lord. &gt;&gt; Lifting holy hands we worship and adore. [Music] sinners save by grace. Amen. We bow before your face. Hallelujah. Offering nothing but praisees to you, Lord. Angels fall their ways. Hallelujah. As we all say, redeemed by the lamb. Now holy we stand offering praisees. All our sins are gone. Amen. We been washed in the blood. Praise the Lord. Pure and rightuous we come to the most holy one offering praisees. Hallelujah. We bring praisees to you. Hallelujah. Lifting holy hands we worship and adore. [Music] Hallelujah. Save by grace. Amen. We bow before your face. offering nothing but praisees to you. &gt;&gt; We bring praises and we bring praisees hallelujah to you Lord. Lifting holy hands we worship and adore. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Save by grace. Yes. Amen. We bow before your face. [Music] offering nothing but praisees to you, oh Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh I think 786. It's I cast all my cares upon you. Amen. Ask brother Vashel if you'd come and open in prayer tonight. And let's remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord. And also remember to pray for brother Jason Watkins as he comes to a full recovery by grace. We thank the Lord for answering prayer for him. And also we had a request for Sister Moren's brother Fabian who had uh who had a heart attack today and uh he uh his heart stopped and the paramedics got to him quickly so and were able to get him back. So we thank the Lord for that. So he's in hospital and over the next few days uh which is the vulnerable time for for him. So we want to remember him in prayer and he's he's been really good. and Sister Moren and we just thank the Lord for that. And God always uh he always rewards those that are good to his children. Let's remember him today. Uh he had he had to get stances put in and u he's doing okay now by grace. So let's just continue to pray for him. Also remember Charlene Percy, Sister Laura Snow as well, brother Dale and u al Brother Gerald and Sister Betty are going to be traveling to Buren. Uh, so I want to remember them as well. And of course, brother Chad and Sister Leah and the children. Grace to them. Amen. So, let's sing that. Cast our cares upon him and lay our burdens at down at his feet by grace. Tonight, I cast all my cares upon you. Amen. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. Amen. I cast all my cares upon you. Yes, Lord. Praise the Lord. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. any time. I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares. Amen. Let's sing it one more time. Praise the Lord. I cast all my cares upon you. Amen. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares upon you. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, help us Lord Jesus to leave the world outside. Lord, help us to surrender in tonight's service. Lord, help us to hear your word. Lord, help us to catch what you have for us. Lord, help us, Lord, to receive it, Lord. Help us to lay down every care. Lord, help us trust. Lord, you're in control. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for every need spoken. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for safe travels for people who are traveling. Lord, pray to you for your grace, Lord. Your faith and anointing, Lord, those who are sick, Lord. You know them, Lord. You know the burdens of their heart, Lord. Meet each and everyone, Lord, according to their need. Lord, we pray to you for tonight's service, Lord. Fill us, Lord, with your presence. Lord, anoint our ears, Lord, to receive your word, Lord. Please bless Brother John, Lord, as he brings forth your word, Lord. Help him, Lord, and help us, Lord, to get out of your way, Lord. Help him speak, Lord, for what you have for him to speak, Lord. Quicken your word in our hearts, Lord. We welcome you in this service Lord. Please be with us Lord. We need you. We love you. We praise you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] [Music] Amen. Number 329. A shelter in the time of storm. The Lord's our rock. In him we hide. Shelter in the torn time of the storm. The Lord's our rock. In him we hide. A shelter in the time of storm. Secure whatever he'll be tied. A shelter in the time of storm. Amen. Oh, Jesus is a rock in a wey land. A wey land, a weary land. Oh, Jesus is a rock in a wey land. A shelter in the time of storm. [Applause] A shade by day by night. A shelter in the time of storm. No fears are alarmed. No foes are fright. A shelter in the time of storm. Oh Jesus is a rock in a wey land. A we land. A weary land. Oh. Jesus is a rock in a wey land, a shelter in the time of Amen. The raing storms may round us as shelter in the time of snow. We'll never leave our safe retreat. the shelter in the time of storm. Oh, Jesus is a rock. Amen. A we land. A we land. Oh Jesus is a rock in a wey land. A shelter in the time of storm. Oh rock day, no refuge there, a shelter in the time of snow. We vow our helper ever near a shelter in the time of Yes. Amen. Oh Jesus is a rock in a wey land. In a wey land, a weary land. Oh. Amen. In a wey land, a shelter in the time of some of course again. Oh, Jesus is a rock. Amen. A we land. A we land. Lord Jesus is a rock. Praise the Lord. And in the time of storm. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 333. No, that's not it. It's 4:46. The shore foundation. There stands a rock on the shores of time. Amen. There stands a rock on the shores of time that rears in heaven it heads of life. That rock is bless and they are blessed who find within this breath. Yes. Amen. And some build their homes on the ever drifting sand. some of their fame or their treasure or their land. Mine's on a rock that forever will stand. Jesus the rock of hes and that rocks across its arms are spread. Celestial glory bes my all I bring and to the rock of aes clay. Some build their hopes on the ever drifting sand. Some on their faith or their treasure or their land. But minds on a rock that forever will stand. Jesus the rock. Praise the Lord. And that rocks a tower lofty high alone with heavens unc beneath the dome where saints find rest with Christ. Amen. And some build their hopes on the ever drifting sand. Some on their plane or their treasure or their land. Put mind on a rock that forever will stand. Jesus the rock of aes. that rocks across its arms have spread. Celestial glory bays it to his firm base my all I bring and to the rock of angels. Amen. Some build their homes on the evering sand. on their fame or their treasure or their land, but minds on the rock that forever will stand. Jesus the rock of aes and some build their homes on the ever drifting sand. on their fame or their treasure or their land. Lines on the rock that forever will stand. Jesus the rock of aes. Amen. 3:25. It's the solid rock. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and his righteousness. Amen. We can't build our hope on anything but him. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and rightousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but holy le on Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground. Amen. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale, my anchor holds within the veil on Christ the side. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Sinking sand all other ground his sinking sand. His oath is covered under his blood. Subort me in the wheling flood. When all around my soul gives way, he is all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground. Hallelujah. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I in him be found, rest in his rightousness alone, all blessed to stand before the throne on Christ the solid. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every highest story gale my anchor holds with in the mail on Christ a solid. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Praise the Lord. The anchor holds 9:35. Amen. Thank God for that anchor. The anchor hold a ship is better. The anchor hold the sail to I have fallen on my knees as I face the raing seas. The anor in spite of the storm the anchor. Hallelujah. Oh sh they act the whole shell to Amen. I have fallen on my knees. As I face the raing sea, the anger hold in spite of the storm and they anger home. Though the ship is matter theorized to let's stand I have fallen on my knees As I face the raing seas, the anor holds in spite of the storm and the anor though the ship is matter. The anchor holds the sails are torn. I have fallen on my knees as I face the race. Aing seas the anchor hold in spite of the storm. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, sure you surely you are our anchor. Lord, you are our strength. Lord, you are our high tower. You are our shelter. Lord, you're all that we have need of. Lord, you're what holds us. You're what settles us, Lord. It's your thoughts and your words that have anchored us to you, Lord, from before our time began, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're thankful this evening, Lord, to come in, Lord, and be reminded of our position in Christ, Lord. To be reminded that we're sons and daughters of God. To be reminded, Lord, that we're the virtuous, spotless, Lord, wrinkle-free bride, Lord, that you promised in this age, heavenly father. Lord, as we take your word again tonight, Lord, I pray you'd show us the shity of it, Lord. The confidence that we can have, Lord. Lord, that you can show us why we believe what we believe. Lord, that what we're holding on to is built on a firm foundation of your word, Lord God. Lord, bless your people. Settle us tonight, Lord. We pray, Lord. Each prayer request that's gone forth, Lord, you see, each heart, Lord, that's seeking, searching, Lord, I pray you would just minister to them, Lord, in your presence tonight. In Jesus Christ's name we ask and pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Amos chapter 3. Amos chapter 3. Just a little tiny book there between Joel and Oadiah. And then welcome each one that can make it out tonight. Certainly want to appreciate God's grace for brother Jason Watkins that they couldn't find anything wrong. He's back and no doubt knowing brother Jason as little as I do, but what I've heard, he'll be back in the saddle very, very quickly. So we trust that the Lord will make him a blessing and continue to guard his life. Amen. No one can take them until God says it's time to go. That's for sure. And we rest. We rest in that day by day. Amen. Amos chapter 3, very familiar scripture to someone that believes this message. He says, "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret unto his servants, the prophets. The lion hath roared, who will not fear. The Lord God hath spoken, who can but prophesy." Amen. God bless you. can have your seats and I want to take a brief detour here and you know this is the the the series that never ends. I think it's very difficult to end a series, but we've been preaching on this idea of the mystery finished. And we were coming up to Revelation 10:7. And really, when I came up to it, the more I studied it, the more I prayed about it, I couldn't have peace to press forward. Because to believe Revelation 10:7, you've got to understand why you believe Revelation 10:7 in the first place. And so, u, what I'm going to do tonight here is is certainly some teaching. I'm going to project my inner brother Mark for this service and for the next three or four as the Lord would lead. Amen. But I I want to take something that we've we all believe. I I I trust we all believe, but certainly maybe we've not all heard it to the full depth of what we're going to talk about tonight. And so I want to take this thought on the restoration message. Amen. Before we come back to our series on the mystery finished, we've got to talk about this restoration message. And like I said, we'll we'll take a couple services on this. And full disclosure, I preached this many many years ago. It was the first series I ever preached in my life when I came into the ministry. And I did it with purpose because what happened is we have people out witnessing and and they were talking with people. And the thing is people will ask what's different about you. And we have a lot of things that we believe are different. For starters, Godhead would be a major one for us. Water baptism would be one that would separate us in a lot of things. Predestination would separate us in a lot of things. But it eventually comes out, well, why do you believe that? And we end we have to say eventually is we believe that God sent a prophet. And listen, we can't be ashamed of that. It's a hard thing to say these days because so many people don't understand it. But what happened was this person, this young person was witnessing and and they said, "Well, why do you believe in a prophet? Where is that in scripture?" And so they said, "Well, it's, you know, it's Malachi 4 and 6." And well, somebody says, "No, that was John the Baptist." Well, now what are you going to do? Well, what about Revelation 10:7? Well, that's just an angel. We don't know who that is. And so if you don't have a a foundation in the scriptures, then you can't explain why you believe what you believe. And let me say this, church, we have to believe by faith in something. Amen. We don't just believe because we've been taught that God sent a prophet. We believe because it's based on the word. Our faith has to be based in the word of God, not based in signs and wonders, not based in what our mom and our dad tell us, but it has to be based on something. And so if I was asked tonight, why do you believe God sent a prophet? Well, most people would say Malachi 4:5 and 6. Some would say Luke 17:30. Some would bring us back to Amos 3:7 here. Some would take us forward to Revelation 10:7 or Revelation 3 in the latestian church age in these things. But how many of us could explain why Revelation 10:7 refers to a prophet in this age? How many of us could break down what Jesus said in Luke about John fulfilling one part and Elijah to come fulfill another? How many of us could do it? And the reason why I do this is because at some point we're going to have to testify why we believe what we believe. And I be I think it'd be wonderful that you would have at least a basis for knowing why it is that we believe that God sent a prophet in this age. Amen. And like I said, it matters because we have to be able to testify from the Bible. Amen. I'm not going to read a quote tonight. I'm going to read scripture after scripture after scripture after scripture because the word of God is what we're trusting in. Amen. That's what we're believing tonight. Otherwise, if we don't take it back to the word, let me say this. You take everything Brother Brandham said and you just preach from there, you'll be led, you'll be led astray by every wind of doctrine. We've seen it. We've seen it. Especially the older folks here, we've seen that what happens is people take quotes and they start quote wars instead of tying it back to the scripture, which is what the prophet himself did. And that would balance us out every time. Amen. And otherwise, what happens is we'll take that prophet, people will take that prophet, they'll put him in a position of influence he was never meant to be in. They'll replace a five-fold ministry with them. They'll even correct the word itself with what the prophet said, which makes no sense because he's a word prophet. He's got to agree with it. Amen. We look at the Christian world, they can preach on the three works of grace, justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Spirit. But for the majority, Christ is just somebody that died 2,000 years ago. And once they preach, however far they go, whether it's justification, the the Lutherans, whether it's sanctification, the the Methodists, whether it's baptism of the Holy Ghost or the Pentecostals, once you've done what they want you to do, then they don't know what else to do with you. You're kind of just stuck there. Once you've spoken in tongues in a Pentecostal church, there's nothing left for you to do but to keep speaking in tonesues. So, they kind of walk around in a spiritual and a scriptural stuper because once you've done the sign or the wonder or the work or the put your name on the book, they say, "That's it. you're done. And they don't know what else to do with you. Amen. And so we end up with Bible teachers and scholars that have no idea of what this Bible even talks about. I heard John MacArthur say the other day, not in live because he's not alive anymore. But he said, you know, uh he believed in the cessation doctrinism that the that the the signs and wonders ended with the apostles because that was only for the apostles. Church, you just have to go read about Philip to know it wasn't even just for the apostles. but his eyes are blinded because he's been caught up in something that hasn't been revealed. They put a period behind what they believe and because they don't have what the rest of the word says, they say it has stopped. Well, it has stopped in them, in their life, in their denomination, in their ministry. Amen. But they don't understand the things that God's doing. And so when we go and we're talking to people and we witness and we testify, they can we can lead them to salvation. and we can lead them to an experience with Christ, but then they've got to lead themsel they've got to be led into a place where they can do what the word says they're supposed to do. Amen. Being filled with the Holy Ghost is just the start. And in so many churches, being filled with the Holy Ghost is the end if they even get you there. If they even believe in that sort of thing. And so for us as as message believers, as we would call ourselves today, there's so much more to this than just being baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and receiving the Holy Spirit. There's so much more to it than that. That's the start of the great journey for the the bride that's going to be raptured and that's that's going to be resurrected in this age. Amen. So, we have to be willing to admit at some point that we believe that God sent a prophet whose message would forrun the second coming of Jesus Christ. Amen. That he himself was a forerunner. And that's tough to do because there are so many uh prophets that have come this way. We look at Joseph Smith for the Mormons. How did that work out? We were talking about it at at at lunch today. Married a little girl. You look at at Ellen G. White for the Adventist and what did she do? False prophecy in terms of when the Lord would come and these different things. And and then you have all the ones that are out there in what we would call cults. Sad to say it. Guess what? People believe we're in a cult because we believe in a prophet. That's a hard thing. That can be a shame to us. But that's a shame we've got to bear. We've got to bear because there is a burden to to believe the gospel, to believe the true word of God. Amen. And so you have cults out there with with prophets and what do they do? They lead them out to somewhere and inevitably they turn to to to abuse of the women of the children or money or their assets or they they kill everybody. That's the way it tends to work out in those things. And so the the title of a prophet is these days associated with cults, with infamy, with abuse and all these different things. So you're going to face an uphill battle with people when it comes to talking about what you believe if you're really going to get down into it. Amen. We've all been there. but it's not really a part of history or culture in the in in the Gentile churches, in the white churches, maybe. And so, you're going to have to know your Bible to be able to talk about this. And here's the thing. I and I've had to answer questions for people. They come in, they say, "Who is it that you're quoting?" I was witnessing to a a coworker there and he said he said very quickly, he says, "I notice you quote Mr. Brandom a lot." Yes, I do. Why is that? Well, you have to tell them. You have to tell them. And so they either accept or reject usually right there. But if we're going to accept what brother Brandham says, we have to believe he's a true prophet by the word. Not just because we believe he's a prophet. We ought to believe he's a prophet by the word. If we're going to accept his message for its fullness, then we've got to believe that he was sent here for a purpose with that message and not of himself, but of the Holy Spirit. Otherwise, you get people that are just like the rich young ruler. They'll come in and they'll only go so far with it because it's not settled in their heart. it's not settled within their heart. And so he walked away and he called Jesus and he called him he called him uh uh uh master, good master. And Jesus said, "There's none good but God." He was testing his revelation. He had no revelation of who he was. And so when Jesus asked him to do a hard thing, has he asked you to do hard things? He's asked us to do hard things, hasn't he? When he asked him to do a hard thing that no other ministry had asked him to do, he turned him down. and he walked away and he was sad because he was very wealthy and Jesus had asked him to give up his wealth, take up his cross and follow him. Amen. So it's of it's for our benefit and for the benefit of those we'll ever talk to to establish scripturally why we believe what we believe and accept the message that we accept today. And like I said, we're only going to use the Bible. No message quotes, no commentaries because that's the foundation of our belief is it takes us back to the scripture. Now the the the word prophet in Hebrew means spokesman or speaker. And the first purpose, the main purpose of a prophet is to speak the word of the Lord. God comes to the prophet. He can come to him in a dream. He can come to him in a vision. He can come to him in a voice. He can come to him in any way that he wants, but he gives him a message and then that prophet is supposed to repeat that message. And so we see in the Old Testament in particular, it would talk about the word of the Lord. It appears 274 times in the Bible and it's almost always associated with God coming to a prophet and then you'll see the Bible say something like and the word of the Lord came to the prophet Isaiah or the word of the Lord came to soand so and then it'll say that that person went and they would say thus saith the Lord and they would give the message that God gave them. So the word the voice was the prophets but the words were God's. That's first thing to establish with a prophet. He does not speak from himself. He speaks what God tells him to speak. So therefore, a prophet is a tool in the hands of God. He has no message of his own. He has no doctrine. He has no ideas, no opinions, nothing. What he hears from God, he speaks back. Amen. He's not to interject his own thoughts or his own ideas into the message. And so what he is is he is a microphone. A prophet is a pure microphone. Amen. That God can use without any filters or opinions being added in. Can you imagine if I'm preaching tonight and the microphone was adding in what it thought I meant? Well, it'd be chaos for sure. I'd be fighting the microphone and you'd be trying to say, "What's what's John?" Brother John and what's the microphone? The microphone can't add anything. It is purely a transmission device. Amen. And that's what preserves the purity of the word. Now, the word of the Lord comes in different ways and for different purposes. So what is God using a prophet for? Well, the first thing he does is he comes and brings judgment. What he brings is a warning. Amen. He warns of impending judgment. He provides a way of escape. And then he shows you what refusal to take that way of escape is going to look like. And how does he do it? He points the people back to what God has said. Amen. He always points to what God has said. The second purpose of a prophet is to show things that are to come. God doesn't want us to be caught by surprise. When it comes to God's family, remember what Jesus said to the disciples. He says, "You're my friends. I want you to know what's out there. I want you to know what's coming." And so, he he sends his prophets a message to show them what's coming down the road so they can relay it to the church, to the believers, and then the faithful believers will catch what's happening, and they'll be ready for it before it ever happens. They make themselves ready. Amen. They prepare themselves for it. The third thing is for a junction in time. Now remember the scripture says God will do nothing except he shows it to the prophets first. So that means whenever we have a junction in time, whenever we have a major event, whenever we have a crossroad, whenever we're turning a corner, God always sends a prophet to show the way. And that's to give us confidence to take us through the changing of the situation. Amen. I've had to go through many changes in my life. And the thing that holds me solid is that God leads me through it. Amen. that God is there to work through it. So even when you it seems like so many things are going on, you have faith because you can see what's coming. And in so many things in our life, we can take it back to the word and we can see what God was trying to do in our life. And then the last thing is really it's kind of all-encompassing and that's to show us the divine thoughts and nature of God. Amen. God's purpose is to restore us to relationship, his original relationship with us. And he wants us to know who he is. He wants us to know what he is. He wants us to know what he likes. He wants us to know how he thinks. And so, he uses the prophets to show us these things. Now, let me say it this way. A Catholic doesn't need a prophet because they've already got a pope. They've got a pope that tells them what God thinks, what God wants constantly. And so, you'll find there's a reason why people reject a prophet is because they've already got something that takes the place of the prophet in their church. Amen. But you have to remember something because we are blessed today that we can pick this up and we can read all that God gave his people. But in its original form, there was no Bible. There was just a prophet. And the prophet would come and he would speak the words to the people and then they would have to decide if they were going to take it or not. Moses would come and as he he would he would backwards write the the the things that God had told him and he wrote the books that we call the books of Moses. But first he he he spoke them to the people and then he wrote them down for them to remember them by. And after that all the prophets copied what Moses did. And so we have this beautiful Bible that we have today. But originally the people didn't have a book to judge anything by. All they had was thus sayeth the Lord. The prophet came. He gave them God's word. He gave them God's message. And then they had a simple choice. Accept it or reject it. And that's what it was every time. And how did they know if that man was a prophet? What he said came to pass. And if it didn't, he wasn't a prophet. He wasn't anointed. He wasn't of God. And that's a very stiff um uh requirement because if you're wrong once, that's it. That's it. You're done. One wrong move, one wrong prediction, one wrong prophecy, and that's it. He said, "You don't have to fear him. You don't have to listen to him. He's not my prophet." God is 100% accurate. When God writes prophetic tests, it's 100%. It always comes true. Okay? But let's start from the beginning. And I want to show this progression of prophets and how God uses them because I want to anchor these principles on on why we picked these four reasons here tonight for why God did uh uses prophets. So we look in in the first one in the Old Testament and we see Noah and that was God's first judgment in uh Genesis 6 and 7. And so we see God warning of something coming. He says there's a way to get out. Get in the boat. And they said no. And eventually what happened? God shut the door. The prophet didn't shut the door. God shut the door. And who was in was in. And who was out was out. That he that's holy be holy still. Let him that's filthy be filthy still. Then we look at Abraham. And Abraham comes along and he warns of the Egyptian slavery that's coming to the children of Israel. He says, "You're going to be in a in a in a foreign land for 400 years. It's in Genesis 15:3. So, he's showing them that there's a a judgment or a time of hardship coming, but he's also showing them there's a junction. There's a time of hardship and then there's going to be a time of deliverance as well. So, get ready when that 400 years starts to roll around because your redemption draws nigh. Then we look at Joseph and he comes and he he gives a warning of uh of famine and a way of escape as well in Genesis 41. So, he shows them, hey, there's going to be good times, there's going to be bad times, and the bad times are going to carry on. So, here's the way you get out of it. And then we look at Moses and Moses now comes and he he tells them, listen, what Abraham promised, it's here now. He's showing them this is the junction in time. This is the time of your deliverance. It's the time for you to be set free. And then he also came and he brought the law of God to the people. So, he was a word prophet. He brought the the mind of God. He brought the requirements of God as well. And we see what happened in Moses in particular. You see, God was always using prophets to point to the future, but they were just believers. You look at Abraham. Abraham was just a believer, but he was a prophet. But there came a point where God said, "I'm only going to work through prophets." And we see what happened in Exodus 20 is what happened is God came down. And it says, and he was talking to all the people. He said to Moses, "I'm going to reveal myself. I'm going to speak to the people." And it says, "Now all the people witnessed the thunderings, the lightning flashes, the sound of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking. And when the people saw it, they trembled and stood a far off. Then they said to Moses, "You speak with us and we will hear, but let not God speak with us, lest we die." They said, "Listen, we can't handle God speaking to us. You go do it." And from that moment on, God changed how he interacted with humanity. And since that time, he's always worked through prophets to bring a message to the people. He'll still deal with people as a group. And then he but he uses one man to speak the word of the Lord. and he spoke exclusively through the prophets from that point onwards. So, we see as we're moving forward in the Old Testament, we see Jeremiah and he's warning now of the 70-year Babylonian captivity. So, he's warning them of judgment. You've walked away from God. You've forsaken his laws. Now, you're going to go and there's going to be 70 years in in Babylon. But watch how this is spoken now. He says, "Now the Lord God or the Lord has sent unto you all his servants the prophets rising early and sending them, but ye have not hearkened nor inclined your ear to hear. They said, "Turn ye again now, everyone from his evil way, and from the evil of your doings, and dwell in the land that the Lord hath given unto you, and to your fathers forever and ever. And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands, and I will do you no hurt." Now listen to what God says here. He says, "Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, sayeth the Lord." Now, in the last in the opening verse, it sounded like they weren't listening to the prophets. God says, "No, no, no, no, no. You aren't turning down men. You are turning down me. You weren't turning down their ministry. You weren't turning down their message. You are turning down my message to you. They spoke in my name because I told them what to say. Therefore, you did not reject them, you rejected me. Remember what Jesus says. He who you he who I send in my name, if you accept him, you accept me. If you refuse him, you refuse me. Okay? So, we see this here. It's God speaking to the people. The voice is a man's, but the message is God's. And so, you turn it down at your own peril. He says, "You have not hearkened unto me, sayeth the Lord, that you might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt. Therefore sayeth the Lord of hosts, because you have not heard my words. Amen. It's so easy so many times to think that it's just a minister speaking. It's just a prophet speaking. It's just a man speaking. But church, if the Holy Spirit has anointed that man to speak it, you turn it down at your peril. There's a price to be paid for rejecting what God brings to his people. Because once he tells you, he holds you accountable for it. If you're his child. If you're his child. And then watch what he says. He says, ' Listen, I sent him. You didn't listen. I sent him. You didn't listen. And now here's the judgment. And this whole land shall be a desolation and an astonishment. And these nations shall serve the king of Babylon 70 years. He says, they're going to look at you and they're going to say, "What in the world happened to them? They were the chosen. They were the elect. They were the the best of the best. They had everything. God protected them. God kept them. And now look at them. There's nothing left." Why? They didn't hear his prophets. Then we have Elijah coming along here, remember? And he's warning of the drought as judgment for idolatry. First Kings 17, he's a judgment prophet. Then we have Isaiah come and now he brings the word of the Lord. He gives a prophecy of a savior coming by a virgin birth in Isaiah 7. And what's he doing? He's pointing to a junction in time. He's pointing to when there'll be a change in the dispensation. And he says these crazy words, "A virgin shall conceive." Church, I don't know if you could ever get me to say a virgin shall conceive. Why? Because it makes no sense. But remember, the prophet is not speaking his own ideas. He'll say things he doesn't want to say. He doesn't even understand, but he has to repeat the message that's given to him. Then we have Malachi would come forward and he would pre give a prophecy of an Elijah to forerun the the first coming of Christ and then the second coming of Christ. And then we have John would come prophesying and forrunning the first coming of Christ as well. So a junction in time as well. And so people will look at this and they'll say, "Well, duh. The Old Testament's full of prophets. That's an Old Testament thing. Since Christ came, we don't need prophets. He came, he preached the gospel, that's all we need." Well, we know that's untrue just by examining the scriptures themselves because the scripture points to New Testament prophets and we see that God never you never stops using them. But remember, Christ himself came as a prophet. Remember, God said, "I will raise up a prophet like unto your servant Moses." God in flesh came as a prophet to show that's the only way God works. He works through a prophet. Amen. But why do people say that? Why do people say, "Well, that was an Old Testament thing, not a New Testament thing." Well, I think it's because one, there's too many fakers out there. People with supposed gifts or people with this or people with that, and they go around and what do they do? They show off what they have, but they never lead the people anywhere. And eventually, what is it? It It's revealed that that man is in it, or that woman, as the case may be, they're in it for themselves. They want the Rolls-Royce. They want the big house. They want the big money. They want the private jet. They want the TV show. They want the the beautiful madeup Jezebel wife and all these different things. And almost always, or pretty much always, they fall into ruin because it comes out. They were in it for themselves. But the other thing is that there's the fanaticism that follows around it as well. You see it in charismatic circles and it becomes a farce and it becomes a show and somebody's up there showing off a gift that he has, but church he has no message. He's got a gift but he has no message. I remember brother Kingsley talking to me about this in the past where he said, "I I have friends and I know people that have these gifts, but he says,"I always noticed that in their churches the people never grew because all they were doing was resting on that man's gift rather than being led somewhere themselves." He wasn't feeding them what they had need to do. Amen. But the the simple truth is that most of these people are not true prophets. They're people with gifts. Amen. Feeding on the gullible and the needy. But so often what happens is you don't need a prophet when you're set in your ways. If you're not going to change your mind no matter what, you don't need a prophet because prophets are there to get people to change their behavior. That's why God sends them is because people aren't doing usually what they need. And so, usually they're coming with a warning with judgment to follow. Like I said, the pope is the prophet to the Catholics and they don't need a prophet because they've already picked them. Doesn't matter that he says things different than the last one and the last one and the last one, the last one. It doesn't matter. They have them for their moment and that's it. And then in other churches, what happens is your doctrine becomes your prophet. I'll never make a change because this is our church doctrine and you never get to see the revealing of the word as it comes forth. But we look in the New Testament and I said this is a this is where this this idea that the the we don't need prophets in the New Testament just fails by examination of the scripture because we have the prophet Paul. He's a prophet. Amen. He he he gives us a prophecy of an end time rapture among other things. The resurrection of the saints. He's a word prophet. And in first Corinthians it says, "Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump. For the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. That's a prophecy. That's forwardlooking for Paul. So Paul is a prophet. Amen. We see John the Revelator. He's talking about the seven church ages, the mysteries of God. The whole book of Revelation is forwardlooking for John. He's a prophet. Amen. and he he gives a prophecy of of the the seven church ages, the mysteries of God, the prophecy of the seven messengers to the seven churches. So, he's giving us a junction in time, and he's giving us a warning of judgment. But I want us to catch something because we go all the way through the book of Revelation. We get into Revelation 19, and we see this beautiful marriage supper of the lamb, and this person that's talking to John, that's showing him all of these things. And then John, watch John's reaction because John's a prophet. and watch who's doing the talking to the prophet. And it says, "And I fell at his feet." So this this man that's been talking to him and showing him all these things, John falls at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, "See thou do it not. I am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Christ." He says, "Worship God, for the testimony of Jesus is a spirit of prophecy." Then we go to the end of Revelation and it says, "And I, John, saw these things and heard them. And when I heard and saw and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel that show me these things." And then saith unto me, "See thou do it not, for I am thy fellow servant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book worship God." So even in the eternities where God is showing John this whole panorama in God's domain, God is still using a prophet to give the word. Even beyond time into eternity, there's still a prophet doing a prophet's work to give that word to show things that are to come. Amen. God's still working with a through a prophet to reveal these things to John and then John will go and reveal them to the rest of us. So, we can't say God doesn't use them in the New Testament because he literally finishes the Bible with a prophet talking to a prophet. So, we need prophets. Amen. We can see God has specifically used them from from from the Old Testament all the way through the New Testament, junctions in time, showing us where we're at. And we have a few dozen Old Testament prophets, that's for sure, primarily to the Jews. But then we have two New Testament prophets after Jesus that are primarily to the Gentiles. We have Paul and we have John the Revelator. And Paul says, "Hey, I got this gospel from the Holy Spirit." In other words, God spoke to him lip to ear to give him what we believe today. That's not a prophet. I don't know what he is. That he would come with the mind of God, the gospel. Amen. And so Paul would say, "This is thus sayeth the Lord, and the whole world is going to be judged by my gospel." Amen. That has to be a prophet to say that sort of thing. And then we know John's a prophet because he's showing the future and he's referred to as a fellow servant by a prophet from out of eternity. Amen. But now the thing is that people will say, well, we don't need prophets for a couple of scriptural reasons. And so we see that they talk about two things. They say the prophets were only needed until Jesus came and fulfilled the law. And then the second is that the prophets are to the Jews only or were only for Bible times. Now that second one's a lot trickier. The first one, eh, not so hard to disprove. But the second one, it's only for Bible times. But watch this because they'll use this one major scripture to say, well, it was only till Christ came. And they'll say, the law and the prophets were until John. And since that time, the kingdom of God is preached and every man pressth unto it. So in other words, the Old Testament was where God used prophets. But since then, we just preached the gospel. We have no need for prophets. So the argument is that as though after the law was brought and Christ fulfilled it, we don't need prophets anymore because Christ gave us the perfect gospel and that's all we have need of. And so if that is true, we shouldn't see a single prophet after Christ came. But when we look at the Bible, we see clearly there are prophets there. Amen. You've got Paul, you've got John, you've got Agabus, you've got these different ones. And and so um they we can see that it didn't stop just when Christ came. But the next one they'll say is this. They'll say, "God who at sunundry times and in diverse manner spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets had in these last days spoken to us by his son whom he hath appointed heir of all things by whom he also made the word." So it's the scriptures used to suggest that God only used prophets till Christ came and since then he's spoken to us by Christ directly. Now again, if that's a true interpretation, we shouldn't see a single prophet after Jesus coming. Amen. But that's not the main evidence that God used people was just that Jesus came as a prophet. And we have Paul and these different ones there. We know that God used prophets by observation of the actual writers of the Bible. But we have to remember one key thing here. And we see this in Malachi 3. It says, "For I am the Lord, I change not." So in other words, when God puts it in, we don't take it out. Only he can take it out. There are things in the scripture that were to a point and then God says, "That's it. That's fulfilled. That's over with. And now we're moving into a new dispensation. We're moving into a grace covenant." Those different things. If God says it's over, then it's over. But if God starts it and never says, "I'm taking it out," then we don't get to take it out. That's a principle in the scriptures. Amen. So when God said in Amos 3:7, our opening scripture, that he wouldn't do anything unless he showed it to his prophets first, that stands tall until God says, "I'm done with prophets." But we will go all the way to the last chapter of the book of Revelation, and God's still using prophets. So we can't see he took them out in between. God's been using them all along. Amen. And so let's see what happens here. Let's look at the scriptures after Christ came to see what they say about prophets. So Paul would say this, "Whereby ye, when you read, you may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ, which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of man, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit." He says it's revealed now. See, people will say, "No, that was pointing to what the prophets foretold before." No, he says it's revealed now to his apostles and to his prophets. How? By the spirit. Remember it says, "Well, these things have been spoken to us by his son." Christ said, "I'm coming back." He's still speaking to us. It's by the spirit. So, these men know what they know. They're given what they're given by the spirit. It's still Christ speaking, but he's speaking it through men. But people will say, "Well, I don't need those men. I've got the Holy Spirit." Well, according to the scriptures, you need the apostles and the prophets because that's who's getting catching what the spirit is saying. Okay? He says that the Gentiles should be fellow heirs and of the same body and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel. Notice what he's saying. He's saying we've got a junction in time here. And what has been revealed is that this is not for the Jews, but it is for the Gentiles also. And really in the end, we'll see shortly it's mostly to the Gentiles. And the only way they could turn that corner was the Holy Spirit came and showed that to them. They'd have never made the corner. They'd have never made the corner because they were so steeped in tradition. But what happened is the spirit comes to them and so they realize, hey, this is for everyone. And remember what Peter shared. He went to the house of Cornelius. The spirit of God came, filled them, and they had the same experience as the Pentecostals did. And then they go to Samaria and they get the same thing. And they're like, "Wow, this is great. Everybody's got it. We accept it. Why? By the spirit. The spirit revealed those things." So Paul's writing this long after Christ has left the word. And he's saying, listen, God is still using apostles and prophets by the Holy Spirit to speak to his people. So Paul himself a prophet is proof that God used prophets after Jesus left. But then that prophet speaks of prophets as well after the Holy Ghost fell at Pentecost. In Ephesians 2, this is what we call the five-fold ministry. Amen. We'll see this in in here and in in uh 1 Corinthians. He says, "Now ye are therefore no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone." He says, "In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord, in whom ye also are builded together for inhabitation of God through the spirit." So God is still speaking to us by his son, but it's through the spirit. Remember, he came back It it was so amazing. We were, you know, I was talking earlier about how how denominations have blinded themselves and and where John MacArthur was talking about cessationism and he was saying, you know, the 12 apostles and he put Mattheus as the 12th apostle. How can you do that? God said, "I've chosen one. You chose one. It wasn't my choosing. I've got my apostle." Paul was an apostle. He was the 12th apostle. But he couldn't see these things. Why? Because he's not led by the spirit. That's a sad thing to say. I respect John MacArthur for everything he's taught and for his stand for the gospel, but the limitations there because he's bound in a denomination and it's a sadness. He understands so many things, but there are things that are so basic and yet he can't see it. Why? Because he's got his mind capped because he's believed what a do denomination has said. It's people speaking by the spirit. Paul ordained a five-fold ministry. We see it in 1 Corinthians. It says, "And God has set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles and gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversities of tongues." Look at this again. Ephesians 4. And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers. What's the purpose? Why did he give this? What are they trying to achieve? He says, "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." Okay. Well, that was only for the days of the apostles, brother John. No, no, no. He says they're going to do this until we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ until the the the reality of Christ is revealed in a body. You see why I can't preach Revelation 10:7 until we establish this? Because you got to realize there's a five-fold ministry that's taking us to that place. And it's ordained by the spirit. This is not Paul. This is the Holy Spirit speaking to the church. Amen. So we see prophets are a critical part of the perfecting of the church, the edifying of the body all the way until we come to the unity of the the faith where we are and we have exactly what he promised. So, we would establish these things. God only uses a prophet to reveal the word of the Lord. God uses them in the Old New Testament. God definitely didn't stop using prophets after Jesus first coming. And he ordained them in the New Testament as part of the five-fold ministry to the true church of God. But you go talk to somebody, they say, "Well, sure, we believe in prophets, but they're for the Jews. They're not for the Gentiles." We see God using Jew prophets with the Jews constantly in the Old Testament, but the but the Gentiles are different. But again, we look into the scriptures and we see that there is actually a prophet to the Gentiles. And then Paul was clearly sent to the Gentiles. He was a Jew, but he was sent to the Gentiles. And in Acts 13, he's preached and he's tried and the Jews have rejected him. And then Paul and Barnabas, it says, wax bold and said, "It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you, to the Jews. But seeing you put it from you and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles." And Paul goes and he turns and he goes and he preaches to the Gentiles the rest of his life. Why? Because the Jews turned it down. So he sent specifically and God said, "I've called you to be a messenger to the Gentiles." Amen. Then we look at John the Revelator. Amen. Wrote the book of Revelation and wrote a message to the Gentile churches through seven church ages. Literally the first third of the book of Revelation is meant primarily for Gentiles. Has nothing to do with Jews. Nothing at all to do with the Jews. Amen. There are end time Jews included, of course, in the in the book of Revelation, but the primary purpose there is to reveal what God's doing for our bride. And the bride is gentile. The bride is gentile. Amen. And so, we have two very big, very important prophets specifically to the Gentiles in the New Testament. But then we read of other prophets and other messengers coming to the Gentile churches. The biggest is the one we find in Revelation chapter 1, and it's the seven stars. And it says, "And I turned to see the voice that spoke to me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks. And in the midst of these, the seven candlesticks, one like under the Son of Man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, gird about the paps with a golden girdle. His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow, and his eyes were as a flame of fire. And his feet like undefined breast, as if they burned in a furnace, and his voice was as the sound of many waters. And he had in his right hand. Okay, right hand is always power and authority. And he had in his right hand seven stars. And out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword. The word is always a two-edged sword in scriptures. So what's coming out of his mouth is the word. But what's his power and authority is what's in his hand. Seven stars. And his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength. So there's this mystery here in verse 16. And then we jump to verse 20. And he shows us exactly what those seven stars represent. He says, "The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand and the seven candlesticks." He says, "The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches. And the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches." So there are seven angels in seven churches. Seven church ages. We'll see. Amen. And so when we look at that, we see that we have these seven church ages. Amen. And so these are not angel messengers that have wings that come down from heaven. That's what we have to get out of our mind. Amen. These are earthly messengers to seven churches to seven gentile churches that span from Christ's death all the way to the rapture of the bride of Christ. Now people would look at that and say, "Well, how do you know they're Gentiles?" Well, there's a couple things that stand out. First of all, all of the churches are Gentile cities. There's not a single Israel or Jewish city in there. We've got Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamos, Thotyra, Sardis, Philadelphia, and Leosa. And they are all gentile cities, not a Jew city among them. But we also know that God never deals directly with two groups at the same time. God doesn't deal with the Jews and the Gentiles simultaneously. Paul and his message were to the world, but specifically to the Gentiles since the Jews turned it down. And God doesn't turn back to the Jews until he's taken his Gentile bride. Okay. the 144,000 are saved in the tribulation after God has taken his bride away. That's when God turns to them and he sends them prophets. So, he's got a prophet for us and he's got prophets for them. He'll send back the spirit of Moses and Elijah. And we'll get into that maybe at a different time. Amen. But we see this typed in the past. Remember when Joseph went and he took a gentile bride and produced life in her. But when he was restored to relationship to his brothers, he put her safely in the palace. So before he went and was restored to relationship uh with his brethren, he put his wife in the palace behind him safely. And then he dealt with them. Amen. God has prophets coming for the Jews later, but he's got a prophet. He's got messengers to the Gentiles in this time. So if we want further proof that these men are earthly messengers, we can look forward to Revelation 4. And it says this, "And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices, and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God." So we've got seven stars, seven shining objects. Amen. We see here seven spirits that are said as being seven lamps. And if we jump forward to Revelation 5, we can get a further clue. It says, "And I behold, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth where?" into all the earth. So these are earthly messengers. They are not heavenly messengers. These seven things, their lamps, their eyes, their spirits. And that last verse kind of helps us a bit because it shows us that these spirits are not stationary around God's throne, but rather they are sent from the presence of God to the earth. But we still don't know what they are according to the scripture. But remember, John the Revelator when it came to what he was uh writing here, he always used the Old Testament imagery and symbols. Same things that Daniel did. Remember he he Daniel would talk about beasts and he would talk about horns and he would talk about heads. And John's coming and he's showing the same thing. He's using the same imagery. So if we go back to the Old Testament, we can see what these things are. And so we see in Proverbs 20, it says, "The spirit of man is the candle of the Lord searching all the inward parts of the belly." That word candle is actually lamp. So he says, "The spirit of man is the lamp of the Lord." Then we jump forward to Zechariah 4 and it says, "For who had despised the day of small things? For they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet in the hands of Zerubbable with those seven. They are the eyes of the Lord which run to and fro through the whole earth. So these are spirits that are moving back and forth across the world. And then we look in the book of John and Jesus speaking of John the Baptist, he would say, "He was a burning and a shining light and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light." And isn't that the truth? When these messengers came, and I know I'm getting ahead of myself a little bit here, but when these messengers came, people rejoiced in the moment for it, but then it became a burden. Then it denominated. Then the the the the struggle became too hard or things got in their way. And all of a sudden, they weren't so happy for it. As the light grew, more and more people go away because it reveals something about them they don't want to see. Amen. So what we see here is that in the Old Testament and in the New Testament, these seven spirits, these seven lamps, these seven eyes are all one and the same thing. There's seven men, there's seven messengers that God uses to speak to his people. And so we see that they're sent now to the seven church ages. We'll see it as we get into the next service in Revelation 2 and Revelation 3. Then all we have left to do tonight is we have to say, well, what's what church age are we in then? If we know that they're gentile messengers, if we know that they're earthly messengers, if we know they're sent to the gentile churches, then all we got to figure out is which church are we? And then once we know what church age we are, then we just have to say, well, what does this person look like? What's he supposed to do? And we can find our messenger and that will take us into overcoming because that's what you have to do. You have to hear what the spirit's say saying so you can overcome for your age. So we got to look and we've got to figure out who this person is. What's his anointed purpose? And so we look at the seven church ages and for the sake of time I'll just do it briefly before we close this evening. This will no doubt set a record for shortest church service by brother John. I'm on my last page of notes but we look in Revelation 3 and it says and unto the angel of the church of the leadyans write. So the leadyian church is the last one. It's the seventh one. These things sayeth the amen the faithful and true witness the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would, thou art cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. In other words, this is a church that says they have everything. And yet, when you compare them to what the word says a church should be, they have nothing. Church, if that isn't the day we're living in, I don't know what day it is. It's it's absolutely sick what the church has become. And I speak of the nominal church. What they profess to be the gospel, what they profess to be the love of God, what they profess to be the truth has nothing that reflects the true word of God. You can't go into an actual church these days in most places and preach out of this Bible because they don't believe it the way it's written. They've turned it into something else. Amen. So, there can be no doubt, I believe, in our mind that we're in the last church age. It's been 2,000 years since Christ left and all we've seen is a church that went down, down, down, down. Lost everything that the original church. We look around, we say, where is a powerful anointed church today in the world? There is none. There is none. It doesn't exist. Amen. And so, what's happened is that church went down, down, down, and God started a restoration work. And we're at the end of restoration. But by the time God is restoring everything, the church nominal has gone completely into darkness. They have nothing of him. We look in Revelations 3:20 and it says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. He's knocking to get into what he was in all the time. He's left. They put him out." He's a gentleman. He won't stay where he's not he's not he's not wanted. And so, what was it listening to brother Brandham speaking on the rapture and he says the life went through it, but the life carried on and they stayed behind. It wasn't that God didn't use it. God used it, but God kept revealing himself. God kept growing. God kept restoring back. But people put a period behind everything they they they believe and they they put a period behind their experience. And God says, "Sorry, you got to walk with me. You can't stand still. You got to walk with me. You got to move on." That's a that's something we need to remember for our day-to-day lives. We don't live by yesterday's experience. We live by his life today. Every day, we live by our relationship with him, by what he's doing inside of our lives. And so we see here, God, Christ is no longer in a church body in terms of a nominal church. Amen. He's outside any particular group or congregation and now he's individually knocking on people's lives and they're the ones that have to let him in. And you'll notice the only ones that can let him in are the ones that have left the system as well. It's the only way that they can do it. We look at that word leadya and it means people's rights. And that's absolutely the defining feature of the world today. We've got rights for everything except things we should have rights for. Amen. It's it's the characteristic of people in society today. Everyone has rights that are protected no matter how silly, how nonsensical, how made up they are. And common sense is completely out the door today. Nothing left. Amen. When men can call themselves women and women can call themselves men regardless of what they were born. Church, we come to ludicrous ludicrous positions in the church because it's churches that are preaching it now. Amen. what's normal and what's acceptable now is what the scripture calls evil and unacceptable. Amen. We've come to a place where the rights of the people to be what they are has superseded what the word has offered them. And so Christ is left outside the church with nothing to do. Amen. So if we're living in the seventh church age in the latest church age, then we must be looking for a messenger for that church age because he's prophesied in Revelation 1. There's got to be a messenger to that seventh church age. Amen. It was prophesied in Revelations 1, the seven stars in the hand. Revelation 4 and 5, one of the seven spirits of God. And so the question we have to answer is what is he supposed to do? What is he supposed to look like? What's his ministry supposed to be like? How do we identify him? And are there signs or IDs that would tell us whether that man is the one that we're looking for? And when we find him, we stick with his message. That's the overcoming that we're looking for. Amen. God bless you. That's it. You say 53 minutes. That beats it by one minute. One minute record. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. Amen. I trust this was mostly familiar, but not everyone has heard this to the depth maybe that we're going. And I want, like I said, to establish this in the scriptures. I won't read any quotes. This is so that you can take it or leave it. Frankly, that's what we're doing here tonight is so that you can say, "Hey, I believe that God sent a prophet." Or you say, "I don't believe God sent a prophet." And if you don't believe God sent a prophet, church, there's not much point in staying here because I preach a prophet. I preach a prophet's message by the word. I take it back to the word. I mean, you've seen me here. You've seen me stand. You see how many scriptures I present, but I'm running it through a prophetic filter of a message that God sent us to restore us back to what had been lost through all those years. That's why what we preach is so different. That's why we look so different. It's why we act so different is because we're being restored back to what was lost. We're not here to stand up for our rights. We're not here to make things the way we want them to be. But we're here to surrender ourselves so that God can produce what he produced in that first church age. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, we are thankful this evening, Lord, for your clarity in your word, Lord, that we're not just blindly believing, Heavenly Father, but we have a foundation for what we believe, Lord God. Lord, and I pray that what's been said tonight, Lord, that it would help anyone that's got a question, that's wondering, Lord, that's struggling to whether or not to believe fully what we preach in this church. Lord, we're not ashamed. Lord, we're not ashamed. We proudly identify ourselves, Lord, with an end time message that brought us back to the full truth of what Paul preached. Lord, we're not preaching a new message. We're preaching the original message. Lord, we're preaching the gospel as it was brought in its unadulterated form. And Lord, we don't want to lose any of its power. We don't want to lose any of its effect. Lord, we want everything that you would have for us by your word, Lord. And so we preach the whole thing. And where we fall short, Lord, we say, raise us up, Lord. Help us to surrender. Help us to lay ourselves down. Help us to lay aside every little thing that easily besets us, Lord, so we can receive what you have for us, Lord. I want overcoming power. I want overcoming faith, Lord. And I believe it's through a prophet message that we receive it. Lord, that comes and points us back to a rapturing faith word, Lord, that will take us off this earth without seeing death. Lord, I pray you help us to stand on what we know. Lord, to look for what you're opening, Lord. What I preached today is not what I preached yesterday or last month or last year. Lord, it's always opening. And I'm so thankful for that. But Lord, help us not to be so stuck, Lord, that we can't see what you're doing and what you're trying to do in this day and in this age. Lord, bless your people, Lord, for their faithfulness. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. You know that song, The Greatest Love Story, 1065, uh, So I'm Casting All My Cares on You. I think we've sung it before. If we don't know it. Yeah. Yeah. Just the chorus is fine. So I'm casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. Redemption by blood. Oh, that's the greatest love story for restoration, full redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud, they testify. My redeemer is no longer dead. He's risen and he's coming back for you and me. And so I'm casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. Redemption by blood. That's the greatest love story. And full restoration, full redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud. They testify. My redeemer is no longer dead. He's risen and he's coming back for you and me. One more time. And so I'm casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. Redemption by blood. That's the greatest love story. And for restoration, for redemption, that's what seven angels in a cloud testify that my redeemer is no longer dead. He's risen and he's coming back for you and me. He's got it all in control. 11:16. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. for he's put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. Everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. Praise the Lord. I put my life in his hands. Yes. Amen. I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. Amen. I put my life in his hands and he's got it all in control. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's got it all in control. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. My father knows what I need. Amen. And my father knows. Praise the Lord. Every day I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. I put my life Amen. I put my life in his hand. Yes. Amen. I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his life in his hand. Amen. Praise the Lord. 12:32 giving my life away. Amen. I've seen a vision harsh and sweet of one who gave all he had for me. I've seen the passion of his death and the forgiveness of his final bre. My heart has been forever changed. I want to live my life and give the away he gave. And now I'm giving my life away. laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my ar. know here I stand today giving my life away. [Music] No earthly price could be too great. No sacriice too much to make. No way of meuring the cost. Amen. Next to the blood of Calary's cross. And if I live, I live for him. Amen. Or if I die, I count again. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; But his from this day on. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now I'm giving my life away. Lay it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. Hallelujah. So here I stand today giving my life away. No earthly prize could be too great. No sacriice too much to make. No way of measuring the cost next to the blood of Cal's cross. Amen. &gt;&gt; I live for him. For if I die, I count again. My life is not my own but from this day. And now I give my life away. Lay it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my hallelujah. Oh, here I stand today, giving my life away. And now I'm giving my life away. Praise the Lord. Lay it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. Amen. &gt;&gt; I can offer is my ar. So here I stand today giving my life away. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing before we go. 10:27 Your land. I'm kind of homesick for a country. It's not hard to feel homesick for that country when we see the condition of the world. Brother John described it tonight. That's just the tip of the iceberg, I believe. Amen. So, let's just sing this. Just going to ask brother Kingsley to come and close in prayer tonight. Amen. Just remember to pray for that mentioned earlier. May God be with each and everyone and remember uh Fabian Walsh tonight as well. and uh may God be uh be with him and open his heart to see the the truth that's been lived before him. So let's uh remember that those not with us tonight, Brother Joe was sick. I don't know if I mentioned that earlier, but he wasn't feeling well. So let's remember him. And of course, Brother Chad and Sister Leah and all the others. So grace to each one. Let's just sing this and brother Kings will close. I'm kind of sick for a country to which I've never been before. No sad goodbye or will there be spoken? Amen. for time or raal. [Music] Praise the Lord. my longing for you. And someday on day I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Sweet love. I love you now. across the river. Amen. Do my faith [Music] will hang inside. [Music] There's just a few more days to labor. Hallelujah. And then I'll take my heavenly fly. to the land. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I glory for you. And someday thee I'll stand. Hallelujah. There my home shall be eternal. Build the land. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Sweet land. Sing the chorus again. Build the land. Oh la. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand there my home. Amen. Shall be eternal. You love. Praise the Lord. Sweet. [Music] Let us pray. Our heavenly father, we thank you for this day. We thank you for your grace that is upon us, for the love that you have poured upon us. Thank you, Lord, for you have been guiding us this time of creation, sending us messages, sending us prophets. You have always shown your love even in times when we are facing the wrong right wrong direction. You've always been there for us to correct us and to bring us back to you. It's all your work and it is all you involved. There is no love better or greater than the love you've shown us. And in even in our confusion, you have given us clarity. You've given us a word that is a road map to our salvation. You've given us prophets to clarify your words and your works. And daily you have shown in our individual lives that you reign. We thank you for the word that you have spoken through our pastor this evening, giving us more clarity and reminding us of who we are in you, oh Lord. We thank you Lord for the word. We pray for all the needs that are mentioned here today for healing that is needed. We know we have it already. We thank you Lord for healing. We pray for those that are not here. Be with them. Show them mercy and show them love. And as we leave the church today to our various homes we ask for journeyes and we ask for joy that will lighten our days. forever more in Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] is loving [Music] Every [Music] word glory [Music] Love is a shall be thy shall We in my Pro and traveling. every day and my Father one by one [Music] is nearing. with the with your Glory you will be and thy name. And it shall be well the way to the end. And I shall be here to [Music] I am God. of you and me. I have My should I in darkness? in everything that I will So I will sing for the last [Music] My sorrow is a great I where you could love. So I just thank you for your [Music] I I am never the enemy. [Music] Are you ready? No. I no one for the earth will for the day. I feel my Everywhere to No. Thank you for your bre So we are angel. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat.
