################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - 20250914 - The Token Life Pt 83 - The Restoration Message Pt 4  - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-14
Title:    20250914 - The Token Life Pt 83 - The Restoration Message Pt 4  - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erEA6lXJmtQ
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Zxl7ZOnr73ZEw0dz6F7w8zMyPvhxvbSu/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Come on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] set apart for for you my master ready to do your will reinous fire. My heart's one desire is to be [Music] holy, set aart for you, Lord. I choose to be [Music] holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. Glorify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold. Your gold refinest fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy, set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. Glorify my heart. Cleanse me from within and make me holy, purified my heart. Cleanse me from my sin. Deep within refine as far [Music] desire is to be holy set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will, my purify my heart, cleanse me from within. and make me holy, purify my heart. Cleanse me from my sin. Deep within refine as fast my heart's one desire is to be holy set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. Three fireers fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy. Set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. I want to welcome everybody here this morning. some of the prayer requests here. Uh again, Brother Dale, I haven't heard any reports on him, but we just want to keep him in prayer. Uh Sister Lorie Snow, grace to her. She continues to recover uh from her the sort of bigger issues, but also her the broken leg. Uh Mary Beth is uh home today. She's recovering from her surgery, which went well. Thank the Lord. Uh Jeremiah's not feeling well. So, uh Sister Leah is home with him. Brother Chad's working today. So just pray grace to the family. Uh sister Karen Wiffin asked for prayer. She's been dealing with a bad headache for over a week and requests prayer for a total deliverance. Uh want to also welcome our remember about Gerald Sister Betty. They're traveling. Uh they've been gone for some time. Just want to ask God keep them safe that they'd have a restful time. Also sister Selena her foot. She's uh obviously recovering from that. Grace to her. There's no more issues. Uh Sher Lynn Piery, we want to continue to keep her in prayer. The saints around the island, uh Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy, Jr., grace to them. Let's sing that one. 465, When I Survey the Wondrous Cross. And I'm going to ask Brother David to open in a word of prayer. When I survey the wondrous cross on which the praise of glory died, my riches pain. I count a loss and pour contempt on all my pride. Forbid it, Lord, that I should boast, save the death of Christ my God. of the vain things that charm me most. I sacrifice man them to his blood. See from his hand his hands his feet. Sorrow and love. Thank you Lord. Glory flow mingle down. Did it such love and sorrow me? All thorns composed. or reach your crown and were the whole realm of nature mind that were a prayer sin far too small. Love so amazing. So divine deands my soul, my life, my all and help us forid Lord that I should boast man save the death of Christ my God. All the vain things that charm me most, I sacrifice them to his blood mane from his head, his hands, his feet. Thank you, Lord. Sorrow and love flow mingle down. Did such love and sorrow me or thorns compose. Glory. Your crown were the whole rail of nature. Mine that were a prayer sends far too small. Love so amazing. So divine deands my soul and I like my heart. [Music] [Music] Blessed Lord, the song just says Lord, we demand our soul, our love, our all, Lord. And that's what we want to do, mighty God. They give you our soul, Lord. Our love, our all, our surrender, full surrender, Lord, unto thee. Lord, we come here lost service after service, Lord. For that reason, Lord, just in simplicity, Lord, just simple folks, Lord. No greatness about us, Lord. Like the prophet said, we're just dust, Lord. Your word says in ourselves, mighty God, we're not capable of becoming, Lord, what you desire of us, Lord. We need more of you, Lord. More of your Holy Spirit, your anointing, your presence. Mighty God, this we come to to desire today Lord from you Lord that you would give us Lord of your Holy Spirit Lord even a double portion for much is given Lord much is required. So Lord, we know Lord if we give ourselves Lord fully unto you Lord all that we can all this our ability would give unto you Lord we we know Lord you will do the rest Lord through your grace today Lord if you come here Lord to hear your word Lord that you will prepare John Lord to speak unto us heavenly father your articles of your word Lord in the store Lord that you will study Lord to to feed us Lord your grace to him Lord in your ministry see all over the world. Bless us mighty God now Lord to do Lord if we you've gathered each one here Lord that we'll think Lord of Mary of old Lord with your word we're pondering our hearts Lord Lord we know that your word is truth Lord at the hour at the hour late Lord it be used with us Lord to give our ferventness unto you Lord in prayer Lord in life in actions Lord Lord is our sole desire Lord to be complete control Lord Like a puppet, Lord. You would just pour this string or pour that string. Lord, you say turn left, you turn left, turn right, we turn right. Lord, like a wife onto her husband, Lord. She desires, Lord, to be obedient to her husband, Lord, and give him full control, Lord. And Lord, that you, Lord, have your own wife, Lord. Be obedient, Lord, unto thee. Lord, we pray for your the prayer request that's gone forth, Lord. Each one is important to us, Lord. We know what's important to you, too, Lord. And we know you'll answer prayers, Lord, according to your perfect will. That you do all things well, Lord, perfectly well. And to be prayer requests on our hearts, Lord, that that Joe hasn't mentioned her, Lord. We just ask, Lord, that you will bless those requests, too, Lord, and help us each one, mighty God, to pray one for another, Lord, be fervently in our prayers, Lord, one to another. Do you help us to do all that we can, Lord, to not only serve you, Lord, but to serve one another. grace Lord now to all the saints Lord across the island Lord around the country around the world Lord you're ministering all over the earth mighty God we pray your grace to each and everyone and to your bride all over the earth Lord and onto your lift of Israel oh God please Lord your grace to Israel Lord that little nation that's surrounded by enemies Lord giants Lord worthy to swallow them up and be with your people Lord Israel Lord in this late hour and we know you well Lord we know you'll keep your word Lord Lord, as all things are perfect, Lord, that you do, Lord, there are no flaws with you. If we commit our service into your hands now, Lord, just help us, Lord, to worship you, Lord, and praise you, Lord, and give you all the glory that we're able to give unto you, Lord. Let us not forget, Lord, all the benefits you've given us, Lord, and all the way you've led us, all the way you've blessed us, Lord, in spiritual as well as natural, Lord. Let us give you the praise and the glory for it all, Lord. We commit all into your hands and blessed Lord for you are worthy Lord of all all worthy of all worthiness. Lord you are surely worthy in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Sing number 251. He abides. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see and the reason of my bliss. Yes, the secret all is this that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard Jesus died. upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. I thank you Lord. He abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. They take away long ago I gave them up and instantly. [Music] All my night was turned to day. All my burdens roll away. Thank you, Lord. Amenid with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the narrow way, for the comforter abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard out Jesus upon the tree. And I fell down at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoice in night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. My thank you Lord. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Listen number uh number 551 when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] Once my soul was a stray from the heavenly way. And I was read jet and file as could be by myself. You're above gave me peace, joy and love. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached out his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Thank you Lord. Amen. And I was near in despair man. When he came to to me there and he showed me that I to be free and he lived in my feet. gave me gloryy complete when he reached down his hand. Thank you, Lord, for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached out his hand for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached man his hand for me. Now my heart doth rejoice since I made him my choice. From the tin best to keep now I flee. Now I lean on his arms. I'm secure from all harm since he reached down his hand for me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached out his hand for me, [Music] I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reached out his hand for me, my Since my Lord gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I keep all my life onto thee. Guide my feet, hold my hand. Ram with thee I may stand. Oh, you reach down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down his hand for me. And I was near in despair when he came to me there and he showed me that I could be free. And he lifted my feet, gave me gloryy complete when he reach down his hand for me. Let's stand. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached out his hand for me. Since my Lord gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I keep all my life all to thee. Guide my feet, hold my hand. Grant with thee I may stand. Oh, you reach down your hand for me. Thank you, Lord. Oh, when he reached down his hand. God bless you. for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, our hearts and minds go back to that day when you first reached down and touched us, Lord. And what a wonderful moment it was, Lord, to hear our name called, Lord. To realize there was more to our life than we ever thought, Lord. To realize that we are children of God, Lord. That we've been called. We've been elected. We've been predestinated. Lord, we've been prepared. Lord, there's a seed inside of us that's growing out, Lord, to express your word. Lord, we're thankful for how you picked us up, cleaned us up, moved us out, Lord. How you set our feet on a highway of holiness, Lord. How you moved us forward, Lord, into your word and into your way. And Lord, we just want to continue that day by day, Lord, that we would just put one foot in front of the other, Lord. Just take one day at a time, Lord, trusting you by faith, Lord, to fulfill your end of the promise. Lord, we're here this morning, Lord, expecting you to speak, to encourage, to anchor, to correct, Lord, to draw us closer to you, to separate us further from the world. Lord, to give us victory, to give us healing, to give us deliverance, to give us direction, Lord. You know the lives, you know the hearts, you know the situations for each one. Lord, we're asking you to just be with us this morning once again now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Luke chapter 17. Amen. Luke chapter 17 verse 26. Amen. Good to see each one here this morning. And I forgot to welcome my mom when she was here last Sunday. And so I have to at least remind that she's going out tomorrow. She's flying home tomorrow. So we want God's grace to be with her. Keep her safe as she travels. Amen. It's always good to see her and have her here. Amen. Luke 17. This is a very familiar chapter for those that believe this end time message. Amen. It says this. And as it was in the days of Noah, shall so shall it be also in the days of the son of man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and the flood came and destroyed them all. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of Man is revealed. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. We're taking a fourth service on this idea of a restoration message and we've preached now multiple services on this. And I'm hoping some of this will be eye opening for some of you that haven't seen or heard what I'm going to show today. But it'll also reinforce why we preach what we preach, why we believe what we believe today. And we've been preaching on a prophet to this final age. And if you haven't been here for those services, again, I would suggest you go back and listen to parts one, two, and three because it'll set you up for this part and then the fifth part again hopefully, Lord willing, on Wednesday. Amen. But we want to today name him. We want to show him. We want to let you see who this person is and how we know that he's the prophet that the scriptures spoke about. But two services ago, we read these words that Jesus said. And he says, "And his disciples said unto him, why then say the scribes that Elijah or Elias must first come." So there they had seen him on Mount Transfiguration. He'd been changed. He was glorified. And they thought that this was the coming of the the son of God that had been prophesied. And so the Romans were going to get kicked out and this would be the restoration of the kingdom to the to the Jews. They'd have Israel back. They'd have a thousand years of peace. And they said, "Hey, I thought Elijah was supposed to come." And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. So he said, "This is not what you think it is. What you just saw is not what you thought it is. This was just a a a foretaste of what's going to happen to me, and you've got an insight into that. But this is not the day where Israel gets set free from all that's over them, where they get to turn their their uh weapons into plow plows and the farming instruments and those different things." He says, "You missed it." He says Elijah still has to first come. And when he comes, his ministry will be to restore all things. Well, you can't restore something unless it's lost first. It has to come, it has to be received, and then it has to be lost and then restored again. Amen. And so, we know that this coming of Elijah, and it's not Elijah, it's the spirit of Elijah. It's the anointing that was on Elijah will be a restoring anointing. Amen. And that means it has to come with a restoring message. Amen. Because God always comes through his word. Amen. And so we see Jesus pointing forward to this Elijah ministry. We see where Peter pointed to it. We've been reading in Revelation where John pointed forward to it. And it's all specific to the time that we're living in today. And we know that Elijah was a prophet. Elisha was a prophet. John the Baptist was the other Elijah that was supposed to come and he was a prophet. So I think it's safe to say that the next Elijah is going to be a prophet. Is that too much of a stretch to say that if the the three previous anointings of Elijah were prophets, then the fourth ought to be a prophet as well? It also means the fifth ought to be a prophet because there's five comingings of Elijah that come to this earth. Amen. So, we see that that follows in the Bible pattern of the Elijah ministry being a prophetic anointing. And in Revelation 11, we see the spirit of Elijah coming down on that final Elijah prophet to the Jews. And we know he's a prophet because he acts like a prophet. He speaks like a prophet and he gets the same results of the prophet Elijah. Amen. So the Elijah spirit is a prophetic spirit. We can't make it anything else than that. Amen. It has to be a prophetic spirit. The whole scripture declares it. We read it in Malachi 4:5 and 6 that what that spirit is. And then we read in Matthew 17 what Jesus said. And then we read about it in Revelation 3. And we see again in Revelation 10 that this Elijah prophet is tied to an end time message. He's got a voice that's supposed to speak and it's supposed to bring the people back to what was lost from the first church age. Bring us back to the days of the faith of the original apostolic fathers. Amen. And it's an end time preparation for Christ to be revealed to his bride and then to take her into a rapture. Amen. That's what he's supposed to do. He comes before judgment. He comes with a restoring message to draw the true believers back to Christ, the word. Amen. And we've read all these scriptures in the last few services. But the question is, what does his ministry look like? What will be the sign of his ministry? How are we going to identify this man? And to do that, church, we can only go one place, scripture. We don't want to make up a criteria of oursel. We want to go back and look in the scripture and see what Elijah did, what the scripture says Elijah is supposed to do. And then we take that criteria and we we compare every ministry against it until we find one that locks into all of those attributes that are supposed to come here. Amen. So I want to start with something to set the stage here because we have to understand how Christ comes. Amen. We call Jesus the son of God. When you talk to a trinitarian they say God the father, God the son, God the holy ghost. So they call Jesus the son of God. But we see that when Jesus came in flesh and died for our sins he did not call himself the son of God. He called himself something completely different. He used a different title. He used a different identifier while he was here in flesh. And we see, and I could do dozens of scriptures with this, but I just picked three. He said, "For the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath day." Remember when they were saying, "Your disciples, they go and they're eating corn on the Sabbath day." He says, "Listen, I'm the Lord of the Sabbath day. I can tell him to do whatever I want because I'm the Lord of the Sabbath." But he calls himself there, the son of man. Then he says later, he says, "There's only one sign going to be given to you." He said, "For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth." He doesn't call himself son of God. He calls himself son of man. Then he says later in Matthew when Jesus came to the coast of Cesaria Philippi he asked his disciples who do men say that I the son of man am. So over and over he identifies himself as son of man. Over 80 times in the four gospels he calls himself son of man. Notice he doesn't identify himself as deity his title I'm talking about. He doesn't identify himself as a spirit, but he identifies himself with mankind. He identifies himself with human flesh. Amen. He is the son of man. He's a human. He's blood and bone and flesh. And that's the office. That's the title of the office he took while his he was here. So remember now that Jesus came to fulfill the word that was written of him. And notice what Moses said that he would be. When we go back to the book of Deuteronomy, it says, "The Lord thy God will raise up unto thee a prophet, capital P, not a lowercase P, a capital P prophet, the prophet. God will raise up unto thee a prophet from the midst of thee of thy brethren. He'll be flesh and bone, and it'll be like unto me, him ye unto him shall ye hearken." So why does Moses say here, "He's going to be like me." He says, "It's like unto me." He says, "This great future prophet will be like me." Why does he say that? Why does he just say a prophet? Because you have to understand that Moses wasn't just any old prophet. There were lots of regular prophets in the in the Bible, but Moses was a special prophet. And God made it clear that Moses was different than anybody else that he dealt with in scripture. So much so that God told Moses, he says, "The mo the people have chosen you to speak to them. Therefore, I will make you God to them. He wasn't God. Catch it. But he says, "You will be God to them. They can't hear me speak. They've rejected my voice. It scares them too much." He said, "So Moses, you will speak as God and Aaron will be your prophet." So God, when he dealt with Moses, he was a word prophet. He got access directly to God like nobody else did. God told Moses things. God showed Moses things that he didn't breathe a word about to anyone. He didn't give a hint to anyone. He spoke to Moses in a very particular way. And God was God set Moses aside. He was very special to God. And God dealt with him in ways that he never did with any other people. Now remember when Aaron and and and Miriam spoke against Moses because he had married that Ethiopian woman and they were giving him a hard time about it. And God told Moses, he says, "Call Aaron and Miriam into my into the tabernacle. I want to talk to them. Now look at this conversation God has. It says, "And the Lord came down in the pillar of cloud and stood in the door of the tabernacle and called Aaron and Miriam. They both came forth and he said, "Hear now my words. If there be a prophet among you, I the Lord will make myself known unto him in a vision and will speak to him in a dream." That's a pretty typical prophetic experience. But notice verse seven. He says, "My servant Moses is not so. Who is faithful in all mine house?" Notice faithful. Aaron's a prophet. Aaron wasn't faithful, church. Aaron wasn't faithful. Aaron built the golden calf. Aaron was a prophet. Aaron had the word of the Lord. Aaron had a gift. Miriam was a prophet. This, she had a gift. He says, "Listen, Moses isn't like you two. And that's your problem. and you think he's just like you. He says, "With him will I speak mouthto mouth, even apparently and not in dark speeches." Another translation says, "I speak with him face to face, visibly, not in riddles." It says, "And the similitude of the Lord shall he behold." He gets to see what God actually looks like. He says, "Wherefore then were you not afraid to speak against my servant Moses." See pro the prophets were so often shown things in visions and dreams and many times in symbol form. They would hear words. They would see things but it didn't necessarily mean anything to them. They caught something but they didn't always have even an understanding of what they saw. You look at what Isaiah saw. You look at what Daniel saw in particular, John the Revelator. They saw these things and they saw wheels in the middle of a wheel and they saw a stone coming down not cut out of hands and they saw uh all these different things. And Daniel said, "What is this and when is it going to be?" And God says, "It's not for you to know. It's for you to see, but it's not for you to know." And so prophets would get these things. You look at the book of Isaiah in particular, and it's prophetic, and it's speaking to all the things that are going to happen to to the Israelites, and it doesn't say who these people are going to be. It'll say a king from the south, a king from the north, and this one will come in, and that one come in. Not named. It just says they're going to come. And you only knew it when it happened, hopefully. But the prophets didn't know about these things. It wasn't always obvious what God was saying because God has a time to reveal these things, but he still brings it through his prophets. But he says with Moses, it's different. He says, "I talk to him directly. I give him plain speech. There's no riddles. There's no guesswork. When I want to tell him something, he knows exactly what I'm talking about." He didn't come out wondering. Now, guys, here's what God told me, but I'm really not sure. So, let's just sit on it a bit. Remember when God gave Moses the commandments for the people and and he said, "You can't do any work on the Sabbath." And then that man went out and he he gathered up some sticks to make a fire to cook his breakfast. And the people caught him. They brought him to Moses. They said, "Moses, what do we do?" What did Moses do? Moses said, "Let me talk to God." And he went in and God said, "That man's got to die. He broke my word." See, he didn't say he he didn't give him a vision. He didn't didn't give him a dream. God came down and spoke to Moses lifted to ear church. God had direct back and forth conversations with Moses. He didn't do that with Aaron. He didn't do that with Miriam. He would come down and it was a one-way thing. He would send something and that they were supposed to share. But with Moses, it was a back and forth discussion. Okay? You catch what I'm saying? Amen. Not through an angel. Daniel had an angel. Remember, John had an angel, but Moses had God himself speaking to him. Okay, Moses prophesied of the coming Messiah and he said he's going to be a prophet just like me. Okay, a prophet, not a it's a son of man, not a son of God or a Holy Spirit, a son of man, someone in flesh revealing the direct will and word of God. And Jesus came fulfilling that scripture like a prophet, like unto Moses. And in doing Deuteronomy 18:19, Moses would say, "I will raise them up a prophet from among their brethren like unto thee, and I will put my words in his mouth, and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him." So he has a direct line to God, and he will speak words as he has given them. No wondering, no darkness to it, no symbolic form. What I tell him, he's going to speak. He will be fully subject to God. Okay. He says, "And it shall come to pass that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name, I'll require of him." The Common English Bible says, "I myself will hold accountable anyone who doesn't listen to my words." He says, "Which that prophet shall speak in my name." So, he'll speak it as God. And if you don't listen to him as God, God's going to hold you accountable for it. We saw what happened in Moses day. Moses gave the people the word and they had to take it or they had to leave it. But if they leave it, God held them accountable. And under the law, it wasn't good to be held accountable because it was death. It was dismemberment. Your family suffered. You lost your home. You lost your possessions. You lost your life. It was a miserable thing to be held accountable by God. He says, "This is the way it's going to go." Why? Because they weren't rebelling so many times. See, church, they thought they were rebelling against Moses. It wasn't Moses. It was God they were rebelling with. Moses was just repeating God's words. And so their rebellion was not against Moses. Their rebellion was against God. And so God judged them for it. And so whenever Moses said something, it came to pass. When Moses said, "Let there be flies," flies came. When Moses said, "Let there be blood in the water," there was blood in the water. When Moses said, "Let the waters be divided." The waters were divided. Whatever he said came to pass. And that's what makes Moses the faithful witness that we read about. He says, "Moses is faithful in all the camp." Moses is the one that is faithful no matter what. That word faithful means trustworthy, believable, truthful. So in other words, you could bet your life on what Moses said. You could rest on what Moses said that it was going to happen. And that's the identifier of a prophet is that what they say in the name of the Lord comes to pass every time. Amen. That's how you know a true prophet. Amen. That was a test of the prophet was that if he said it and it came to pass, then believe him and fear him. In other words, respect what he's saying. But if it didn't come to pass, he said, "You don't have to respect him. You don't have to listen to him. Leave him alone." Okay? Now, then Christ comes as a son of man in flesh 2,000 years ago, and he comes as a prophet like unto Moses. And we see him him identifying his prophetic experience on earth. And he says, "Then answered Jesus unto them, and said, verily be unto you, the Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do." what he seeth, not just heareth, seeth. He says, "For whatsoever things he doeth, those things also the son likewise." So he could do nothing except what God was showing him. Amen. He was bound by what he saw in those visions. So Jesus would see visions. He'd see things that were going to happen. He would see into people's lives. He would see all these things and he would act on what God told him to do. Now notice Moses was a type of Christ. But Moses still failed. Because Moses smoked the rock. Remember God said, "Call out water from the rock." And Moses went out and he says, "Ye rebels, how often do I have to do this?" And he smote the rock and then it split open and water came out of it. Now remember that rock was a type of Christ. And Moses broke the type because Christ obeyed the word. It was spoken to him and he did what he was told to do. Moses broke it by forcing the rock to give water. Christ didn't wasn't forced to give his life. He willingly gave his life and Moses broke the type and that was his one disobedience and God judged him for it and he wasn't allowed to go in. But Jesus never failed. Jesus was always a faithful witness. Amen. And we would say today that Jesus had what we would call an open vision ministry. He could have a vision at any time, anywhere, and he would see events happen and he could he could relay what he was seeing. He could act on what he was seeing. He could do what God showed him to do. And we read about him in Samaria or in John 4 about when he's going to go to Samaria. And the scripture says he must needs go through Samaria. In other words, he had to go through Samaria. Now, if you look at a map, it seems that perhaps he should go. So, the black line is going through Samaria. The red line is going through the Jordan River and through the river valley. And see, the thing is, none of the Jews wanted to go through Samaria because of all the tensions that were there. over a hundred-year feud that had been going on with the Samaritans. They were a mixed group of people. They were despised by the Jews. So, nobody would go the short route through Samaria. Everyone would go the longer route, but the easier route to go through the Jordan Valley. But Jesus said, "Guys, we've got to go through Samaria." Oh, church. He took the harder way. He went to where people would say, "Why is he doing that?" He'd get criticized. He'd offend people. He'd bother people because he he went someplace where they wouldn't go. But why was he going? Because something had been shown to him and he had to obey what he'd seen and he had to go meet a woman. Church, he took the heart away to go go see a daughter of God in her horrible condition. And I want to read this story and I want to read the whole story today for a purpose. Amen. Because he went there to touch a soul. Not just to change circumstances, but he went there to change a life completely. And I want us to read this this morning because I'm going to show you the same thing in our day. And we look in John 4 and it says, "He left Judea and parted departed again into Galilee. But he must needs go through Samaria. Then cometh he to a city of Samaria which is called Sikar near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph. Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore being wearied with his journey sat thus on the well and it was about the sixth hour." That's around noon. It says, "And then cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water. Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink, for his disciples were gone away into the city to buy meat. Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, how is it that thou being a Jew ask this as drink of me which am a woman of Samaria? For the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans." So church, he's broken tradition right there. He's talked to a person that he should never have talked to according to the Jewish tradition. people despised, people rejected, people that would never be seen with the good people of the Jewish faith. She says, "Why are you talking to me? No Jews talk to me." And Jesus answered unto her, answered and said unto her, "If thou kneest the gift of God," church, you got to recognize him yourself. You got to recognize him today. If thou kneest the gift of God, and who it is that saith today, give to give me to drink, then thou wouldest asked of him, and he would have given thee living water. Now, sure, she's got an answer she has never heard in her life. He says, "If you knew who I was, you'd ask me to give you water, living water." And the woman said unto him, "Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep. From whence then hast thou this living water?" She says, "You don't have a bucket. You don't have a rope. you can't get water and you told me that you're going to give me water. How are you going to do it? And he says, "Are you greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well and drank thereof himself and his children and his cattle? Are you bigger and better than Jacob? Are you better than our forefathers? The God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the three that are listed as our forefathers. Are you greater than him? Because he couldn't get it out except this way. and you're saying you can. It says, "Jesus answered and said unto her, whosoever drinkketh of this water shall thirst again." So, he's trying to elevate her, church. He's trying to get her sights a little higher. He says, "But whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst, but the water that I shall give him shall be in him, a well of water springing up into everlasting life." Now, I want you to catch something here because Jesus is about to show her a sign. But his purpose is not to show a sign. His purpose is to get her to receive Christ the word. He says living water. Water is always the word. Amen. The water is the word of God. He's getting her attention so she can believe his word, not just accept that he's a prophet. church. That's why we don't force people that come through our church doors to dress the way we dress, to look the way we look, to eat the way we eat, to not do the things we don't do, to do things the we way we do. Why? Because until their thirst is satisfied with living water, we're just convincing them in and somebody else will convince them out. But what happens when you meet Christ is your thirst is quenched. And you only want to drink what he brings you rather than what the rest of the world has. That's your deliverance is when you're satisfied with Christ. That's what we're looking for here is a new birth. Not just a reformation, not just a confirmation. Amen. It's what? Their thirst will be quenched by the living word of everlasting life. Amen. Now, catch this. She He says, "Listen, when you drink the water I give you, you'll never thirst again." The woman said unto him, "Sir, give me this water that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw." Church, you have to realize something. She's drawing water in the middle of the day when the sun is hot. She couldn't go in the morning with the other women because she was a woman of ill fame. We'll see what he says about her a bit. She wasn't allowed to walk with the good people of Samaria church. They were the bad people and she was the worst of the bad people. They wouldn't allow her to go with them to the well because she was an unclean woman. She was disgraced. Her life was a mess. She said, "Give me this water so I don't have to have this shameful walk every single day." See, church, she wanted to be set free from the fruit of her decisions. Can you blame her? Don't we all want that? But listen now. Jesus saith unto her, "Go call thy husband and come hither." What a weird thing to say. Remember, he has an open vision ministry church. "Go call your husband and then come back." The woman answered and said,"I have no husband." Jesus saith unto her, "Thou hast well said, I have no husband." She says, "I'm not married." He says, "You're right. You're not married." But watch the next thing. He says, "For thou hast had five husbands." I can't imagine what many people would feel when that word, those words came out of his mouth. He says, "And he whom thou now hast is not thy husband." in that set us out truly. He said, "What you said was technically true, but here's the full truth about your life, sister. You've been married and divorced five times, and now you're living in a common law relationship." He says, "You're right. You don't have a husband." What would our reaction be to be called out? Because we can feel it as a being called out, church, or we can take it the way she took it. Amen. He says, "You're right. You have no husband, but here's what you've had, and here's what you currently have." She didn't lie, but she didn't tell the whole truth, church. None of us like to tell the whole truth. But Jesus shed said, "Here's the whole truth." Why didn't she say it, church? She was ashamed of it. None of his business. But watch her reaction. And this is what I love about this story, church, is her life has been laid bare for who she is. But he has no problem talking to her. He's not talking down to her. He's just talking to her. But what? Look what happens. She's not mad at him. She might be ashamed, but she's not running away from him. She's not berating him for butdding into her business, for opening up doors she didn't want opened. Why church? Because light has struck something in her that's never been struck before. Watch this. She said, the woman saith unto him, "Sir, I perceive that thou art a bigot. You're just like the rest of them." No, she said, "Sir, I perceive you're a prophet." Why? Because he was speaking in love, not in judgment. He was touching a part of her that had never been touched before. He was speaking to her soul. He was speaking to the seed gene of God that was laying inside of her. And it had just started to break open. And she said, "Whoa, what's this?" Because life was coming out. &gt;&gt; She was getting a taste of what she'd been searching for her entire life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. church, you can't help but be a child of God if you're a child of God. And when he comes your way and he goes into your life, all you can say is, "I perceive that thou art the Christ." What a moment when most of us would, not most of us, most people would get offended, would get hurt, would walk away. He's judging me. He thinks I'm filth. He thinks I'm not worthy. She says, "Sir, I perceive thou art a prophet." Hallelujah. She said, "Art thou greater?" Sorry. He said, "Sir, I perceive thou art a prophet." She's on the right track, church, but she still hasn't caught it completely, but she has started to come into life. Amen. Now she gives him a scriptural question that's bothering her. Our fathers worshiped in this mountain and you guys say that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship. Political question tied to spirituality. Jesus saith unto her, "Woman, believe me, the hour cometh when you shall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father." He says, "You worship, you know not what." Another chance to get offended. You don't have a clue who you're worshiping. You don't even know what you're doing, lady. And he's not just saying you. He's saying the Samaritans. Your whole family group, your whole community doesn't have a clue what they're doing. He says, "We know what we worship." He says, "For salvation is of the Jews." He's saying, "We're here and you're here." Wow, she should have run away. He says, "But the hour cometh and now is." He says, "There's a time here." What I'm telling you about, it's here right now. When the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth, for the Father seeketh such to worship him. See, Jesus doesn't answer like the Jews. Because the Jews don't have a word answer. Jesus answers by the promise of the word of God that there is a spirit coming that's going to be poured out on them and it'll be the spirit of truth and they can worship wherever they are because he'll be in them. Amen. Remember what Paul said. He had broken down the wall of partition. Jesus said the hour's coming where it won't matter where. It'll just matter who because the spirit of truth will be inside you. The word quickened by the Holy Spirit is the only true place of worshiping. You can't worship under a false word. You can't worship under a false anointing. You've got to be under the word that's quickened by the spirit of truth. He says, "It's coming and it's here now where you can do that." He says, "God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." And the woman saith unto him, I know that Messiah cometh, which is called Christ. When he's come, he'll tell us all these things. go into our lives and he'll bring us to the truth. And Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he a beat up, worn out, adulterous, I dare not say the word. Put whatever name you want in there, church. And she recognizes the Messiah. And the priests call him a devil. And the scribes and the Pharisees say that he's of Satan and reject him. And a woman in a totally lost condition, we would say beyond salvage says, "When Messiah comes, he's going to tell us exactly what you just told me." And Jesus reveals himself to you. He says, "I'm he." He wouldn't tell the others, but he'll reveal himself to a broken woman. Amen. What was he doing, church? What caught her attention? He showed her the sign of the son of man. He went into her life. He discerned what she was thinking. He discerned what was going on. He saw what was happening in her life. And he was looking into her life, but he was speaking to her soul. Not just trying to change her condition. He's trying to change the inside of the inside by bringing that seed gene of God inside of her to life. Amen. He broke open that yearning in her life that had never been met. never been satisfied. And she'd been scratching an itch that could not be satisfied. And in one little conversation, church, she had the full satisfaction she'd been looking for. She left her water pots and she ran into the city and she says, "Is not this the very Christ who told me all of my life?" Why? She recognized him by his son of man pattern. Okay, notice the sequence of events. He shows her the Messiah sign. the son of man sign, the discernment of the thoughts and intents, looks into her life, shows her things he could never know. He's never met this woman. He's never been in this city before. And he comes in and he tells her exactly who she is and what her life situation is. But he doesn't stop there, church. He takes her into truth. See, the sign is to get her attention, but the intention is to get her into truth. He doesn't just leave her in that. Amen. The proof of Christ being revealed is twofold. He does the discerning of the thoughts and intents of the heart and he takes you into truth. That's what Christ does because he's the word. Amen. The scripture says the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Thy word is truth. The two identifications. Okay. Let's look at another scripture. Says the day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee and finds Philip and said unto him, follow me. And now Philip was of Besa, the city of Andrew and Peter. Now Philip findeth Nathaniel, and saith unto him, We have found him of whom Moses in the law and the prophets did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. And Nathaniel said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? And Philip saith unto him, "Come and see." Nazareth was a bad city on the wrong side of the tracks. We'd say, Philip said, or Nathaniel says, "Are you kidding me? Something good come out of Nazareth? The Messiah come out of Nazareth?" And what does Philip say? Philip doesn't try and convince him. He says, "Come and see for yourself, church." That's what we're supposed to do. I like what Sister Morin says. I'm not a saleswoman. I'm not here to sell you what I believe. All I'm here to do is reflect Christ. And if you like what you see, come and see for yourself. Because there's one thing you can't do, church. You can't grow plants by moonlight. And that's are we all? are just reflecting Christ's light. But to grow, you have to come into Christ. And so all I'm trying to do as a preacher is not to get you into my church, not to get you into my religion, not to get you into my beliefs. It's to get you to Jesus Christ so he can lead you into all truth. So he can bring that seed of life to grow inside of you so that you can come into an eternity. That's all we're trying to do here. Amen. Now, watch what happens. Nathaniel. Philip says, "Nathaniel, just come and see. You make up your own mind. I'm not going to convince you. I'm just telling you it's him." So they come out and it says, "And Jesus saw Nathaniel coming to him and saith of him, behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile." So Jesus has never met Nathaniel, obviously. But as he's coming up, Jesus says, "Look, this is a man with no guile." That word means no deceit. In other words, this is a man of integrity. He's never met Nathaniel before. Nathaniel saith unto him whence knowest thou me? How do you know me? When did you ever meet me Jesus? And Jesus answered and said unto him, before that Philip called thee. So before Philip came to see you, he says when thou were when thou was under the fig tree, I saw thee. So there was a time before Philip ever came to Nathaniel. Philip was sitting under a fig tree and chances are he was doing something that was special to him. And Jesus said, "Before Philip ever saw you, you were under a fig tree. That's when I saw you." And Nathaniel answered and said unto him, "Rabbi, thou art the son of God. Thou art the king of Israel." Wow. He tells him one thing. I saw you under a tree. And Nathaniel says, "That's it. You're him." And Jesus commends him for his faith because he believed immediately just with that one little sign. It says, "And Jesus answered and said unto him, because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou, church, Jesus always commends faith." Remember when the centurion fa centurion came and he says, "I've not seen faith like this. Yay, in all of Israel, you Jews have the full word and you don't believe the way that this gentile who has no truth has believed." Church, that's where we are today. That's where we are today. It's the faith. Time and time again, he said, "Thy faith has healed thee &gt;&gt; because of thy great faith." And so he says to Nathaniel, "Because I said, because I told you one thing about yourself, you believe me to be the Messiah." He says, "What? Thou shalt see greater things than these." Hallelujah. Why? Because faith drew him to the Messiah. He recognized that. Amen. Can you imagine having that happen today? I don't have that ministry. But can you imagine a stranger, Sister Nadine, walking in? Can you imagine if Sister Nadine walked in and me having never met her, never having shook her hand, and yet I go to her and I'd say, "Hi, I know your name is Nadine. I know you come from here. I know you have this. I know you have that." Wouldn't that be amazing? Sister Nadine, but I don't have that ministry. But Jesus has that ministry. Jesus has that ministry. And we have elements of that. A spirit anointed preacher has moments of discernment. Absolutely. 100%. Without it, he is not a true preacher. I'll say it that way. Amen. But that's not I don't have open visions. I didn't know anything about Sister Nadine until she told me about it. One, I'm not a prophet. Two, I don't have that gift. But can you imagine having that? Wouldn't that be an amazing thing to see? But let me show you something because we have seen it. We have heard it today. Amen. I'm going to show you in action some videos this morning. Amen. And this is a real person, a real ministry, a real preacher. Amen. It's before the internet. It's before wireless headphones. It's before you could search people up and have face recognition and all these things today that allow people to bamboozle people. Today, I mean, I've looked at so many prophets, it's not funny. I I use the term loosely, prophets, and they're up there and they're telling a person this, and they're telling a person that, and they're telling a person this, and some of it's true, and some of it's not. But the thing is, you can look up anybody these days and you can find something about them on the internet. But God had to do this before you could ever look people up. Before you could have technology in your ear where somebody could be telling you about that person based on their research, based on what the internet says, based on on whatever it is that they're looking at. Okay? So, I want to show you something. Amen. This is when video was barely decent and audio and radio were still relatively new to things. Okay? So, I'm going to play you a clip here. We're talking about the Son of Man ministry. We're talking about a restoring message. So listen to this this morning. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm your brother. I This is not psychology. I felt that coming into the audience. It isn't. It's almighty God. See, it's not psychology. No, it isn't. Now, don't do that. Just think of being the Lord Jesus. See, and one accord. Now, sister, I just want to speak with you just a moment. We're strangers, I suppose. But Jesus Christ knows the both of us. This is our first time meeting on earth. But he knows you and he's fed you all your life. And he knows me. And of I, your brother, and by his grace, by a divine gift that I had nothing to do with it coming. When I was born a little baby, the first thing I can remember was a vision. Now, I want you to look this way just a moment. Of course, you're sick and you're suffering with a condition. It's a it's a dark spirit around you. It's death and it's in a form of cancer. And the cancer is located on the breast and you're seeing you're examined by someone strong and it's a you got a a ruptured condition and the rupture is in the bowels and you have a stomach trouble also a severe heart trouble. It caused you fainting of here a few days ago you're sitting sideways on the side of a bed and nearly passed out looking towards your window. Are those things the truth? &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. &gt;&gt; That was all true. &gt;&gt; All true. &gt;&gt; Or whatever it was, of course, it's gone from him. But what do you think that was that knows your lie? Was it Jesus Christ? You accept it to be that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; And I believe that &gt;&gt; you're willing. You know that something supernatural is here. And if you believe it to be the Lord Jesus as I have preached it out of the word and you believe it to be the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. &gt;&gt; I know there's a dark spirit. I see it hanging at you yet. It's something very serious. Say, I see you. Your name is uh Eva. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And your last name is York. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And you live in this city? &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. And your house number is 6136 Street. Is that right? &gt;&gt; You're going home to be well in the name of Jesus Christ. May you go and be made well. God bless you. Notice what he does there. Not entertainment. It's not a show. Humility. Simplicity. But notice what's happening here. Okay? He preaches the word. He does not start with this. He finishes with this. He preaches the word to that group of people there. Maybe a thousand people there. We're going to see some more clips from this very campaign. But what does he do? He preaches the word and then he comes back and he says, "Lord, confirm your word to the people." Because he's preached on divine healing. He's preached on deliverance. He's preached on Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And then he says, "We're going to ask him to confirm his word." And that's all he's doing here, church. He's confirming his word. But notice what he does. He says, "This is a gift given to me. I'm your brother." Doesn't make himself anything special. He says, "This is just a calling that I've had." And then he tells her what's wrong with her. Not once, not twice, not three times, four different things. Church, she doesn't walk up and give him a prayer card. See, Oral Roberts, when he did this, they give him a prayer card and he'd read out the prayer card, who they were, that where they were from, and what was wrong with them there. She just comes up to him and stands there and everything about her life is opened up to him relevant to that. What's he doing? He's pointing to the presence of Jesus Christ in the audience. Amen. And he's trying to get them to believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's here today as he was 2,000 years ago, except it's in the form of the Holy Spirit. But what is he doing? He's working through a prophet like he promised. Amen. Then what does he do, church? He tells her who she is. First name, last name, where she lives, including her perfect address. Having never met her before, he says, "Is this true? Is this true? Is this true? Is this true?" Never touches her, never feels her pulse to see if he's going in the right or wrong direction the way some of these guys do. Just reads it off. And what does he say? You notice he says, "I see you sitting on the bed." And he's he's going with his hand. because he's seen it happen in real life. And he says, "I see you sitting sideways on the bed and you nearly passed out looking towards your window. He's in the room where she was seeing the event unfold before him just the way that Jesus was doing it with the woman at the well and with Nathaniel." Amen. And we see time and time again, Jesus would be at the right place at the right time talking to the right person and he would speak the truth into that person's life. He would show who they were. He would show what their condition was and he would bring discernment there and then he would bring healing or deliverance as was needed time and time again. Amen. He didn't think make things up as he went. He merely reported what he saw or what he heard. Amen. Why? Because that's all a prophet can do. He's just a microphone for God to speak through. Amen. So, he's only repeating. And that man that I just showed you says, "This isn't me. That's just my voice. I'm not doing this. It's Christ doing this." Amen. Jesus Christ was using that man to reveal his presence to the audience. When Jesus did it, he was a perfect witness of the presence of God. Okay? He only did what the father told him to do. And so we see that's what the prophet always does. Us in the five-fold, the rest of the five-fold ministry, we get things messed up. I've seen it, done it, make mistakes, interject ourselves into situations, presume, god forbid, but we presume. Prophets don't do that. They only share what they've been shown or told. Okay? But when a prophet speaks, "Thus sayeth the Lord," that's when he is a faithful and true witness because he's not putting himself in. He's merely bringing exactly what God said. Look at Balam. Even though Bale Balam was a false prophet, yet he was a true and faithful witness because he said, "I can only say what God tells me to say. The words that he puts in my mouth, that's the words I've got to say." A false man, but a true prophet. See the difference? When he's acting as a prophet, he was a faithful and true witness even though the vessel was false and he ultimately lost his life. Revelation 1 says, "And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood." Moses was the faithful witness. That's what the scripture says. Jesus Christ, the son of man, a faithful witness, a prophet. And when we come to the church ages, the seven church ages to the Gentiles, then we come to that final church age, the Leysian church age. God says this. He says, "And unto the angel of the church of the latest." So unto this church age, write these words. These things sayeth thee, "Amen." Now remember what amen means. So be it. In other words, this is the fulfillment age of all the promises for the Gentiles. He says, "The faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God." Now, for the sake of time, we're not going to go into this salutation, but I'll give you the principle is that when what's written to the salutation or the introduction to each church age is the way that Christ is revealing himself to that church age. So, what he says about himself here is how he will reveal himself to that group of people. It'll be the attributes. It'll be the nature. It'll be the way God operates with that particular church age. So here in the Leosian church age, he says it's the amen. It's I'm going to be the so be it. He's the covenant angel we see coming down in Revelation 10 fulfilling the covenant. Then he says he'll be the faithful and true witness. Well, the only faithful and true witness is the son of man ministry. It's the prophetic ministry. That's what we've seen in the scriptures so far. Amen. So we find then that once he introduces himself to the church age he carries that nature all the way through all the way through that. And so the faithful and true witness is the character and nature of God that's going to be shown and acted through the this final church age. Amen. So that means he'll operate in this church age in a prophetic anointing. Now, we hear lots about prophetic anointings, but I want you to catch something that this is a prophetic anointing that is a restorer, not a reformer. Luther was a reformer. He didn't have all the truth. He just had a portion of it. Wesley had a little more. The Pentecostals had a little more. But this is one that's coming back to restore us back to what was lost, the original faith, which means you have to have the original word. And we'll talk more about that in the next service, Lord willing. But he came and he straightened out all of the messes that have been made through 2,000 years of denominational thinking of the things that men came up with and the pump and circumstance and the false doctrine and all these different things. He cleared these up. Amen. But this anointing I want you to catch is one of the four beasts that surround the throne. Remember, it's a lion, an ox, a man, and an eagle. And that eagle anointing is the prophetic anointing because it rises above carnality. It rises above situations. It goes into the eternity. It goes far above it. And that anointing raises us up out of where we are. We're not bound by earthly circumstances. And it's not just an anointing for the prophet. It's the anointing of the age cuz it's Christ revealing himself to and through that age. And so it's an anointing that raises us up. Amen. And it's the only age that has it because it's the only one that goes away without seeing death. It's the only rapture age. But I want to set the scene here for this final church age. We have to tie all these scriptures together to paint a picture. We're talking about that son of man prophetic ministry. We've talked about the faithful and true witness ministry. That's a prophetic ministry. But look at how that ministry is revealed now. And we can see that by looking at what Jesus said in our opening scripture today. And he says, "As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be also in the days of the son of man." So Jesus speaking here says there's a day of the there's days of the son of man coming in the future. It was the days of the son of man right then while he was there in flesh. He says there's another revealing by prophet that's going to happen in the future. Okay, Jesus time in the future. There's another revealing of Christ that's going to happen. It says in Noah's day they ate, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark and the flood came and destroyed them. So only eight souls were saved under Noah's ministry. But notice how everyone was mixing and blending. It was one big celebration. It was one big party. Everyone was having a good time. But God wasn't in it. But the scripture says that Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord. Noah was just a humble man. Amen. And he had a message that would bring them through. Only Noah had a message that would bring them through. Amen. Everyone else may have built boats after hearing Noah's message. Just as a backup plan, just as insurance, just in case that crazy guy's right, let's all build a boat. But you notice only Noah's boat lasted. Why? Because it was according to his message. It's the only one that made it through. It was only obedience that could save those people from what was coming. Obedience to Noah's message. So this son of man ministry that's coming that Jesus is talking about is like how he revealed himself in the days of Noah. How was it? A simple man, a humble man with a message of escape. And the only way to escape is to listen to that message. Okay? It's always been that way. People preach about elitism. Well, you believe you have the truth. Church, if we don't believe we have the truth, we shouldn't be believing it. It makes no sense to believe that you're right and I'm right and we believe two thing two things that are opposite. It can't be. You can't have two opposite things and they both be truth. We better believe what we have is truth, but we better believe it for reason. For scriptural reasons. Amen. So, what Noah had was not a popular message, but it was still truth. Okay? Noah was a faithful and true witness. Noah preached that message for 120 years and it never changed. Moses, what are you going to preach on today? Judgment's coming. Build an ark. Get out. That'd be pretty tiresome. But I'll tell you this, those that believe it went into action. And it kept them out of trouble. It kept them out of trouble because they joined in on building the ark. Amen. It's not enough to believe it. You got to act on it. You've got to act on it. He says, "Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded." Church, there was lots of great things happening down in Sodom. Wealthy, affluent, great lifestyle. It meant great time, lots of wealth, ease of living. And it seemed like for all the evil that they were doing, it was a homosexually based society. God was going to let it all go. And they were just having a grand old time. It says, "But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all." But I want you to catch something because it says the days of the son of man are going to be like the days of the son of man here. Now, where was the prophet then? Where was the son of man being revealed? Because the scriptures pointing at Lot and Sodom. But the son of man wasn't in Sodom. He was with Abraham. Abraham wasn't in Sodom. Abraham wasn't in Gomorrah. Amen. He was separated. He kept himself away and he was sitting on the plains of memory believing the word of God. He was traveling where God told him to travel and he was waiting for God to fulfill his promise. Amen. And so the world or the Christian world will look around and they'll say, "Hey, we're in a solemn condition." Look, we're at this time. We're fulfilling it. But are you fulfilling it the way you're supposed to? Because if you're in it, that's not where the Son of Man's going to be revealed. If you're outside of it, that's where the Son of Man's going to be revealed. And we'll talk about this in just a minute. Amen. But the thing is, Lot was in it. But vexed, Abraham said, "I'm not going to have anything to do with it. I'm going to stay away from it." Two totally different things. So, are we fulfilling it by being bothered by it, or are we fulfilling it by being separated from it? Lots of people are bothered by what they see, but they don't separate out. When it came to the days of Lot, where was the Son of Man? He wasn't revealing himself to Lot. He got two judging angels, Oral Roberts and Billy Graham. Get out. That was their message. Save yourself. Why? Because Lot had left the word. Lot had left the promise. The promise was with Abraham. Lot had gone to what he wanted instead of taking what God had promised. Lot took the here and now instead of the future home. See, Abraham searched for a build a city whose builder and maker was God. He wasn't looking for a kingdom here. He was looking for a kingdom to come. Lot said, "I'll take what's here." Thank you very much, church. Lot was a halfway believer. There's no there's no two ways about it. And let me say it this way. A halfway believer is not a believer. They're not. Amen. He believed enough to keep his life mostly clean, but not enough to stay out of Sodom altogether. He chose to live in a place where the people and the lifestyles becked his soul because it was a better life for him. How far do we sink? Lot got out of fellowship and it dragged him into politics. Amen. It dragged him into wealth. It dragged him into being desensitized enough that he could deal with it day in and day out. church. We are not called to deal with it. We're called to stay out of it. Amen. All of it. So he could have a wealthy lifestyle. Church, you might think it's not affecting you. It does. I'll tell you this. It affects your children. It check It affects your family. It affects your church. Lot wasn't even going to church. Lot had separated himself from fellowship. And look what happened. Parents, you might think you can live on the edge. Your children can't. Cuz wherever you go, they'll go one step beyond it. And if you're on the edge, the only place they've got to go is over the cliff. Amen. Don't sacrifice your children for a lifestyle. Don't sacrifice yourself for a lifestyle. We'll see. Lot in the end came to nothing. Amen. I know I'm teaching today. Can I be your pastor for a moment? I'm seeing way too many people coming and talking to me, coming and visiting with me. I go someplace in the middle of nowhere and I meet up with a believer and they are more than happy to stay right where they are. No fellowship, no church, no body, no support, no leadership, no correction. And they're so blas about it. So blas about it. I can't I can't fathom in this last age how we can as a believer live someplace where there is no other believers and say we're in the will of God. I don't understand it, church. I don't understand it. I'll be honest. Amen. They don't fellowship. They don't want to be a part of the body. The scripture says the love of many shall wax cold. And what are they left with, church? There's no zeal. There's just knowledge. I know the truth. Therefore, I am a believer. Therefore, I'm going in the rapture. No, you are not because you're not being led by the spirit. So listen to brother Luke Gibson the other day just short clip. He says the Holy Ghost loves to be in church. Amen. That's for sure. The scripture says that the city and what it lived its lifestyle vexed Lot. In other words, it bothered him. But we can see that he put up with it by choice because he liked what he got from living in that place. I'll tell you what, Lot's daughters paid a price. Do you know Lot's daughters married worldly men? You're thinking of the other two when you say I'm wrong there. Lot had daughters. They married men of Sodom. And when those angels came, they refused to leave and they died in judgment. Lot left with his wife and two other daughters that were single. And as they went out, the wife was so attached to what she left behind, she turned around. She was turned into a pillar of salt. Died right there. Then what happened after that? Lot goes up. He refuses to go back to civilization, scared they're going to kill him. So he lives in a cave with his two single daughters. They get him drunk, perform incest, and get pregnant by their own father. I don't think Lot saw that coming, church. But there were signs. And the sign was he separated himself from fellowship. He separated himself from the word. He chose lifestyle over a future home. Ammon and Moab were the two children that came out of Lot's daughters. Incestrous relationship, messed up, and they were a thorn in the side of the true children of Abraham for centuries after that. Completely gone into idol worship. That's what came out of Lot's decision. church, you telling me he saw that when he went down to the wellwatered plains? Mm- He just thought he was doing what was best for him and it wasn't. It backfired on him. But where was the Son of Man revealing? That's a warning. Make your choice. Out on the plains of Mamry, old Abraham, church, 99 years old, old Abraham is sitting out in the heat of the day. And what's he doing? believing, obeying, waiting faithfully. It's all he's doing. He's sitting in a tent and he sees three people coming towards him. And he gets up and he recognizes one of them because he calls him Lord. He calls him Lord. And he comes down and he starts to talk to him. And this is now the son of man. It is God in flesh speaking to his faithful servant. And he reveals himself. But how does he reveal himself? Because Jesus said the way he revealed himself then is the way he's going to reveal himself in the future. He's saying as I did it in Abraham's day, I'm going to do it in the final day. Now watch. I'm going to read this because I'm trying to show you a pattern so we can fit the ministry to it. So these three men are sitting there and Abraham says, "Hey, come in. let's have a meal. And he he kills a calf and he bakes he's baking bread. He says, "Hey, sit down. Take a load off." And so they said unto him, "Where's Sarah thy wife?" He says, "Behold, she's in the tent." So the tent was behind where they were sitting. She's in there. She's screened off from their view. And he said, So this is the Lord said, "I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life. And lo, Sarah, thy wife shall have a son." And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind him. So she's behind him. She's behind the clothes the the the the the cloth of the door. He says, "Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age and it ceased to be with Sarah after the man of women." So God comes down as a son of man in flesh. identifies who they are. Now church, he calls them Abraham and Sarah. How does he know their name? Their name was Abram and Sarai to everyone else for for decades. And then God came down and he changed their name to Abraham and Sarah. How does a stranger know their name? Because he gave them their name. He identifies them by name. And then he says, "I'm What's the sign to do, church? To point you to the promised word." He didn't just identify himself. He says, "I'm here to fulfill the word." The covenant angel coming down again. Okay? It says, "Now Sarah laughed within herself." Sorry, let me read that again. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and wellstricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the men and women. In other words, she couldn't have children. She could never have children, but the her body functions were completely gone. She was way past menopause. Okay. It says, "Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, after I am waxed old, shall I have pleasure? My lord being old also. Abraham's old, I'm old. We don't do those things anymore." And she laughed internally. Okay? She laughed within herself. So, this is an inward chuckle. No sounds making. And then she thinks, "Am I going to have relationship with my with my husband again?" Ha, whatever. But it's all internal, no word spoken. And the Lord said unto Abraham, why did Sarah laugh, saying, "Shall I have a cert bear child which I'm old? Is anything too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son." He says, "Why'd Sarah laugh back there? And why is she saying she won't have a son?" And Sarah denied, saying, "I laughed not, for she was afraid." I didn't laugh, but she laughed in her heart. And the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. It says she was afraid. Why? Because she recognized who was who that was. I just laughed at the son of man. I just laughed at God in flesh. God doesn't like to be laughed at. Our prophet said he'd have struck her dead except she was a part of Abraham. It's the same reason he doesn't strike us dead because we're a part of him. He says, "And he said, nay, but thou did slap." He says, "Oh, yes you did. You know it and I know it. Don't lie to me." But what is this is what is supposed to happen on our day because it's the same as what happened in the days of Lot and the days of Sodom and Gomorrah. Our church church, we're not looking at Sodom. That just tells us what time it is. But we're not looking into Sodom. Amen. where our sight is on the Lord coming and fulfilling his promised word and we're believing that promise. Amen. We've seen it and we've heard it in our day. So, I'm going to play a second clip here to show you this is exactly what we've seen in this day. Okay? &gt;&gt; I know now that seeing you, you are becoming a younglook person, much younger than what you are in my presence. you are suffering with some sort of a headaches &gt;&gt; and it's um it's come many years ago about 25 years ago your headache started &gt;&gt; and it's been bothering you ever since you have been a great believer and you have you have prayed for this hour that's standing here now you've said in prayer to God that if you could only get to me that if I would pray that your headaches would cease. Those things true. &gt;&gt; Everything &gt;&gt; that is true. &gt;&gt; Now you heard what said that that wasn't me. That was just my voice. Was those ever what it was is something I remember seeing a young person or something. Was it just the way it was said? There &gt;&gt; James just the way it was said. Now you believe that God did it. You believe God. Now &gt;&gt; you're sure that God is here. Just a moment. I see something else. A young woman seems to be standing near you. It's a It's a daughter and um Yes. You was just fixing to go on a trip somewhere. You were going to see her and she's from Indiana. Richmond, Indiana is where she lives. and she her husband is a minister and she has wrote you a letter or something telling you not to come because I was coming here. Is that right? You're healed. You can go on. God bless you. That's in front of maybe a thousand people. Notice he's standing off from her, not touching her, not reading her body signals, nothing like that. And what does he do? He tells her what her problem is and how she got it. He says it's been 25 years and you got this headache from when you struck your head in an accident. He's seen the accident 25 years ago. He says, "And you've been waiting 25 years to have be prayed for and have it healed." Joseph waited 13. Moses waited 40. David waited 15. Church, your day is coming. Amen. Your day is coming. But what is he doing? He's relaying what he sees. He sees the accident happening. He sees what she's gone through. But notice he's not just seen her. Then he says, "I see someone standing near you." Oh, it's your daughter. And what she did is she wrote a letter. Oh, by the way, she's from Richmond, Indiana. She's married to a preacher. This has nothing to do with what a prayer card would ever say, church. He's going and he's saying, "The reason you're here is because you are going to go on a trip and your daughter found out I was going to be here, sent you a letter and said, "Don't go on the trip because he's going to be right where you are. Come and get prayed for him right there." He says, "Is that the truth?" She says, "That's the truth." Boom. done and he's seen it all happen in real time. It's an open vision ministry all over again. Tells her all these things. Why, church? He says, "That wasn't me. That was my voice." He says, "What did he tell you?" Because it's Christ speaking through that man. That's the gift he had was to allow God to speak through him to where he wouldn't interject anything. He says, "I thought I I thought he said something about a a young a young woman, a young child. Is everything he said true?" He's so unaware of what's happening because he's yielded himself to Christ. That's what's happening. It's the son of man ministry being revealed. Amen. We're not looking at that man. We're looking at the Christ that's using the man because the it's a it's not here to prove the man. It's here to prove the Christ that's using him. Amen. Because the scripture said he was going to do it in this age. And so what are we doing? We're taking that ministry and we're we're looking through the filter of the scripture and we're applying it against that and we're saying, "Is that what he said he was going to do?" Yes, that's exactly what he said he was going to do. I mean, church, he did this thousands upon thousands of times and never once was it wrong. Let me say this. There's a story of a woman who went up there and he told her her address and her friend, her acquaintance was sitting in the audience. She went to her afterwards and she said, "You told that man that you live at that place and you don't live at that place. I know where you live." She said, "No, I moved last week. I just hadn't told you. A young girl had eyes put into empty sockets and I believe they went in as brown and then she said, "I would really like blue eyes." And he said, "Lord, would you change it to blue?" And they changed to blue in real time. Time and time again, church, I listen to there's there's thousands of hours of audio and video of him doing this over and over and over again. Never wrong. Never wrong. Why? Because it's the son of man ministry. It's Christ that's doing it. It's not the man that's doing it. Amen. But listen, he's not just coming back to discern thoughts and intents. See, that's what everybody wants. They want the supernatural. But he's coming back to what? Restore us back to the word because that's what's going to cleanse us. That's what's going to change us. That's what's going to take us into a resurrection and rapture. Amen. These people had great experiences. They went home healed. But guess what, church? All of them got sick again at some point of something and all of them died. It was just an experience. But his message had to follow that to bring us into a rapturing condition, a rapturing faith. Amen. Jesus would do it time and time again. Discern what's going on. He would know their thoughts. He would see into their souls. He would know what they were thinking. Amen. That's the sign of the son of man. That's the hallmark of the presence of Jesus Christ because the word says that the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. But that's the sign that he's there. But that is not his message. See, too many people are focused on the signs and wonders, the gifts. Amen. But the focus has to be on the message that he would bring. But he would go through and there's this is again there there's tons of records of it and there's audio of it and all these video and these things and he would be in a place he's never been before and the audience is sitting there and he'd start on the left and he'd go bang bang bang bang bang bang bang and just talk to each person. Here's who you are. Here's what you have. Here's what you are. Here's what you have. And he'd just go through there back and forth across the audience. No prayer cards, no coming up close to him. Just call them out from there. What was it? God trying to catch our attention. Just trying to catch our attention. Okay, listen to this. I want you to catch something. Remember that woman that had a she she was always hemorrhaging. She had an issue of blood. I think it was 12 years. Spent all her money on doctors. They'd only made it worse. And she said, "If I can but touch the hem of Jesus garment, I'll be made well." Okay, now watch this. He's been up here and he's had these people come up. These are the people that have prayer cards. People that were given a a special opportunity to come up and be prayed for directly and talk to directly. But now watch what's happening because remember it's not about the man. It's about Christ. So catch this next one. Okay. So now he looks out across the audience and he starts to speak to the audience. Now, now listen to this. &gt;&gt; Always ready to help and to believe to help the people in need. Just a moment. The lady now I see the Holy Spirit standing in the corner. It's uh over a colored lady. She's looking this way. She has been and she's praying. She has a growth and that growth is in her throat. She's got her hand up. You accept your healing lady? The lady sitting right behind you there also. She has a growth in his in her shoulder. Is that right, lady? Both of you, stand on your feet right now. The two ladies right there with the growth on the two-color lady. Jesus Christ healed you both, you can go home and be made well for God's glory. Your faith has healed you. Remember, what does God respond to? Faith. The woman said, "If I can but touch his garment, the hem of his garment, I'll be made well." That's her faith was, "If I can touch him, I'll be healed." And what's he trying to do? He's trying to get the people to believe. And those women are sitting there and they're believing. And he says, "I can see the Holy Spirit, that pillar of fire." He says, "And it's right above them." And what does it do? It starts to tell them where they are, what their problem is. He says, "You got a growth here. You got a growth here. Oh, the one next to you has it as well. Both of you stand up. You're healed in Jesus name. Your faith has made you well." See, he's trying to get it off of him and into our laps. The goal is not to have us believe in a prophet. The goal is to get us to believe Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. so that he can do a work in our lives individually. But remember, you saw there he had a woman and a child there. And I'm going to play this. This will be the last clip before we close tonight. But I want you to catch the seriousness of this. When he says what that child has, I want you to catch the audience reaction going to happen. How do you do lady? [Music] &gt;&gt; Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Is I mean, well, a prophet is a preacher. You don't expect me to be of the enemy. You expect me to be of God. Is that's the way you accept it? Well, then I can help you. Or he told me if I would get the people to believe me and be sincere when I prayed that nothing would stand before the prayer. And now it isn't I that helps. It's God that does the healing. I question. I said they won't believe me. He said, "There'll be two signs given to you as was to the prophet Moses. In this the people will believe, and one of them was to reveal the secrets of the hearts of the people to them." Now, you're not here for yourself. Although you're nervous and run down, but it's been caused by a disease of this child. This child here is suffering. It's been turned down by the doctors to die. It's leukemia. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? You've brought the child from out of town. You've traveled coming from the west coming east. You have come. You've come from a a state that has mountains. It's Pennsylvania. And your city, I believe it's Chambersburg. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Bring the child to me. Little sister, dear, the Lord Jesus was here. He'd lay his hands up on you and death would leave you and you'd live. Do you believe that I am his servant? &gt;&gt; Then in hisstead I lay my hands on this child and bless it and ask that the demon leaves the child and that life comes to the child and it will live and be well. Come out of the child, Satan. By the authority of God's Bible with a divine gift ministered by an angel, I adure thee to leave the child. Come from the Lord. You leave your get well. God bless you. Turn around. Wave to the audience. &gt;&gt; God bless you. The little girl with tremendous. &gt;&gt; Now you say she didn't get healed. She got healed. Time and time again. Like I said, I've got thousands. I spent hours and hours this week listening, watching, listening, watching, learning how to clip things. Finally going to Chat GPT to do it for me. But time and time and time again, he went around the world seven times with a healing ministry. Remember what the scripture said, the son of righteousness will rise with healing in his wings. Many ran around seven times in South Africa alone. One set of meetings, they took seven dump trucks of crutches and wheelchairs and other things out of those meetings that he had there. Seven dump trucks full. Church, people don't give it up because it because they're not healed. If you can walk, that's when you give up your crutches and your your wheelchair. You don't go and throw it away because you believe you're healed. You go because you are healed. Amen. You know what happened in India? He had that man that worshiped the sun and he was blind because they they stare at the sun with open eyes. And he said, "Listen, can any of you heal this man? I'm going to challenge you all. All of your religions, this man, can you heal him?" Nobody came up. He says, "If he'll be healed in the name of Jesus Christ, will you give your hearts to God?" And he laid hands on him. That man's eyes came open. He went around. He went to the mayor of the city. All these different ones completely healed. If I'm not mistaken, that was the same meetings where a crippled dog was walking across when he was praying for somebody and the leg was instantly healed and he started walking normally. See where the spirit of the Lord is. There's freedom. But did you notice she had leukemia? And when she he said leukemia, did you hear that gasp that went up in the crowd? See, some of that back then they could do surgery for some cancers, things that were tumorous and those things like that. Leukemia, you can't do that. And they knew it was a death sentence for that little girl. But remember what happened. The angel said, "If you can get the people to believe, nothing will stand before your prayer, not even cancer." And we've seen it, haven't we? We've seen it with Sister Betty. We've seen with Brother Bob. We've seen it with my sister Elena, her testimony, leaning on the everlasting arms. Look it up on YouTube if you haven't. In nine weeks, she went from death to life. Completely healed. Nothing. No sign, no trace of cancer in her. The doctors thought she would die within a couple of weeks. Totally healed. Brother Brandham didn't pray for her. Who prayed for her? Five-fold ministry. Why? Because we believe in divine healing. Why? Because the son of man ministry came and showed us it was still available. Amen. That's what we had time and time again. Amen. God sent us an end time prophet according to his word to fulfill these scriptures. And this is him. This is William Brham. Amen. He was from Kentucky, born to a poor family, an alcoholic father, uneducated, basically had a six-year education, just barely finished sixth grade. But God called him from birth by a sign. When he was born, a star came into the room and hovered over the bed. He was raised in a Baptist church of all things and he separated from the church when God started working for him and he went his own way. And remember he was commissioned with a healing ministry that would foreer the second coming of Christ. And in 1933 he was baptizing on the Ohio River. And what happened is a supernatural light came down publicly and said, "As John the Baptist foreer the first coming of Christ, your message, your message, not you, your message will forrun the second coming of Christ." And the newspapers printed it. People heard it. It was like when Paul had his his experience on the road to Damascus. Everyone saw the light. Some heard a voice, some heard a sound, some didn't know what happened. And it was the exact same thing that happened to him. And what was it? Like I said, it was the son of righteousness rising with healing in his wings. Remember what Peter said? He said when he was preaching on the day of Pentecost, he said, "Ye men of Israel, hear these words, Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves know." What did he do, church? Why am I showing you this today? I've never done this before. I'm showing you the revealing of the son of man ministry. This man is just I say use just it's not just he's a word prophet but Christ was using him to reveal himself one last time and he performed the same signs the same wonders raising from the dead healing of the sick casting out of demons discernment of the thoughts and intents of the heart. He would have uh personal um uh interviews with people And he would write down before they ever came in. All he would know was their name. And this the Holy Spirit would tell him what was going to happen and what they needed to do. He would write it down, put it in a sealed envelope and lay it on the table before they ever came in. They would tell him all the story, tell him all the things. And then he would say, "Open the letter and read out what's there." And it would say everything they told him, including correcting the things that they hadn't told him. What was it? It was Christ revealing himself and saying, "Hey, I'm here. I'm real. I'm alive. We're not serving a dead man. We're not serving a theology. We're not serving an idea. But there is a living Christ that is here to confirm his word to those that will believe. Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. I've just shown you the signs and wonders, and that's just a small portion what I could readily get my hands on and and download and clip together in these different things. But remember, signs and wonders are just the bait on the hook. Signs and wonders never saved anybody. Israel lived under signs and wonders, and only two went in. But it's there to catch the people's attention. A sign is pointing you to something or somewhere. And that's all that this was. Amen. But notice what Jesus did. Amen. When Jesus was there, and what's he doing? He's doing the very same thing where he's just preaching a general gospel. Jesus didn't start out with deep mysteries. He went around preaching healing. He went around preaching deliverance. He went around preaching that the day of liberty is here. Remember he preached from Isaiah and he says, "This day the scriptures fulfilled came to set the prisoners free, the captives free and these different things." But then what happened after a while once he caught the attention? What did he start to do? He started to preach revealed truth. He started to show them the depths of what they had been taught but had never grasped. Amen. And what happened when he started to preach the full truth. People started to leave. People started to leave. And he said, "Why?" Because you were here for the loaves and the fishes. You were here for the signs and the wonders. You were here for the healings. You were here for the good times. You were here for the emotions. And we love all that. We love all that. Amen. But what happened when the word came is they wanted to stay in their traditions. They wanted to stay in their comforts. They wanted to stay with the rest of the crowd. Only a few of them left. And then he went to the disciples, if you remember, and he said unto them, "Are will you leave me also?" And what did Peter say? Did Peter say, "Lord, no, we can't leave you because we saw the fishes and the loaves and we saw the healings and we saw the demons cast out and we saw the waves stilled." Peter didn't say that. He said, "Where else can we go? Thou hast the words of life. It was the word he was preaching that they were latched on to, not just the signs and wonders. That's why people run around following this gift and this ministry and that. They're looking for the latest and greatest rather than anchoring themselves in the word. But so we know what has to follow for a son of man ministry is it leads with signs and wonders to catch the attention of the people. But it's to bring them into truth. And that's what we've been preaching about for all this is to bring the people into the revealed truth that have been lost since the days of Paul because of what's happened. Amen. Our anchor is not in the emotions. Amen. Our anchor is not in the feelings. It's not in the hooping, the hollering, the shouting, the wonderful prayers, the wonderful praises. Our anchor is that his word is true and he sent it to me and I'm going to stay with it until he fulfills what he promised. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, how glad we are to see that you've revealed yourself to us again in this age, Lord. That you are Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, that when you took your stripes at the whipping post, Lord, when they beat and ripped the flesh and muscle off your back till the muscles or the the bones showed through, Lord, it was for our healing. It was for our deliverance. It was for our freedom, Lord. When you shed your blood at Calvary, Lord, and released your spirit, it was to give us overcoming power, Lord. It was to give us over power over ourselves. It was to give us power over sin, Lord. It was power to get out of the way and let you take control of our lives. Lord, we are so thankful we've heard and seen a ministry that shows us the reality of Jesus Christ today. And Lord, though we have only a portion of that in and of ourselves, Lord, we're thankful for what you've given us. Lord, we're thankful we have, as Jesus said, eyes to see and ears to hear, Lord, that we've heard what the spirit is saying in this age. Lord, we don't worship a man, Lord. We worship you. We raise up your name. We give thanks to you, Lord. We're looking to you as the covenant angel, Lord, our bridegroom that's coming back for a bride that you prepared by washing us with your word again. Lord, I pray you take away our sickness this morning. Lord, I tell you pray you take away our sin sickness, our unbelief, Lord, our failings and fallings, Lord. Lord, that we could stand on the promise of your word, Lord, faithfully, waiting, faithfully in action, Lord, in obedience to what you brought us, Lord, until the day that you come and say, "It's time. Touch your people, Lord. Bless us, we pray, Lord. We're so thankful. We're so thankful that you're here with us, Lord. Let us have faith, Lord, that even if that prophet, because that prophet's gone, Lord, you haven't left us. You've not forsaken us, Lord, but you you're here by your spirit, Lord, to raise us up above all these things. You're here to heal. You're here to deliver. You're here to change. You're here to save. You're here to transform us, Lord, by your word and by your spirit. Lord, have your way. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. I've got a note here says, "Brother Matt checked in with Brother Dale Walsher, and he's feeling much better." Amen. So, we thank the Lord for that, for his goodness to him. Amen. I can only think of one song to sing and that's He's in the house. 11:37 Little Girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. 11:37 They just laughed at Jesus when he said, "She's only sleeping." But as he took her again, &gt;&gt; she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. has to flee. Now there is &gt;&gt; where darkness used to be. Now his name is his name. We were like that little girl dead in all our sins till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of plague. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. again has to be. Now there is light. Now there is hope. There's no one down. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. So death has to flee. Now there is light. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Little girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. But as he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, "He's in the house." So death has to face. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. And we were like that little girl dead in all our sins till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. So death last to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death last. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] wanted to give a testimony. I don't know if you've noticed, but um the last week or so I've been limping. Um I had a procedure done and um the but I just purposely blistered the bottom of my foot and cut out a very big hole out of it and um I haven't really been able to walk and um even just this morning I tried to put my foot down and it was unbearable and I couldn't um uh just towards the end of the service I decided I'm going to stand up and um I stood up and there's no pain whatsoever. I can walk perfectly normal. So praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's still alive and well. Amen. Do you believe that? Amen. [Music] The healer. 1363. [Music] You hold my every moment. You calm my raing sea and you walk with me through fire and you heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. I believe you're my healer. I believe that you are all I need. I believe I believe that you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. And you hold my every moment. You call my rageing sea and you walk with me through fire and you heal all my disease. Oh, I trust in you. Lord, I trust. I believe that you're my healer. I believe that you are all I need. I believe. I believe that you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. And I believe that you're my healer. I believe that you are. Oh, I believe. I believe that you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. 1296. [Music] My troubled soul, why so weigh down? You were not made to bear this heavy load. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. Oh Jesus cares. cares. He cares for you. And all your worry won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. know my days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart. Why so upset? When trials come, how you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you and all your worries won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. Oh my trbled soul, why so weigh down? You were not made to bear this heavy load. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you. And all your worrying won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens. Promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation all my days. [Music] And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Before we close in prayer, I'm going to ask uh brother Garfield to close if you would. We're going to sing that simple song, Mercy Rewrote My Life. Amen. Aren't you thankful for his mercy? Amen. That you have eyes to see, ears to hear, a heart to serve him, a heart that can come and hear the word, take its correction along with its encouragement and direction and support and all those things. But it's a wonderful thing to be a child of God. Amen. Let's remember those that we mentioned in prayer. I see Sister Melody's not here. Praying God's grace to her. Oh, she is back there. Very good. Praise the Lord. She's back then. Amen. Good to see her, not see her. Amen. So we want to thank the Lord for that. Pray for brother Dale continuing Cherylyn Piery. Amen. The different needs amongst us. Brother Bob, Sister Brenda Way, that they be a blessing, get a blessing. Amen. And that the Lord would just put a hedge of protection around each one of us, the young people at school, us in our jobs. Amen. We want to be a light. Amen. We're here to be a light above all else. We're here to be a light. Jesus said, "You are a city on a hilltop that can't be hid." Amen. And I say, Lord, help us to be a greater light this week. Amen. Let's sing this as brother Garfield will come. [Music] Mercy re my life. Oh mercy my life. I should have fallen my soul. Cast down the mercy before my life. Mercy be on my life. Mercy reveal my life. I should have fallen my soul. Oh, cast down mercy my life. Praise God. Let's just bow our hearts before him as we approach his throne this evening. [Music] Lord God, with humility we come before your presence. Lord, with humble hearts, Lord God, we come forth saying, "Thank you, Lord God, for your grace." Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh God, Lord God, when we examine our lives before the light of your word, Lord God, we see yourself so unworthy, Lord. There's so much, Lord God, besetting, Lord God. And there's so many things, Lord God, that would have disqualify us as being your children, Lord. But Lord God, in your grace you called us and by your mercy we are here this evening Lord God. Not because Lord God Lord we are good. Not because we have any righteousness to present Lord, but because Lord God, you have called us, Lord God, &gt;&gt; and we have heard that voice, Lord God, and we saw your presence, Lord God, as you unveil yourself, Lord God, through your man's servants. And we knew, oh God, that that was your voice. And something in our hearts, oh God, was able to respond to that call. And here we are Lord God in a world in a time oh God. But the scripture declares Lord God the time of chaos. But yet Lord God in our heart Lord God we are feeling the effect oh God of the heavenlies. Lord God we're feeling the call oh God of the voice of God echoing in our hearts. And and so God for this we say thank you Lord. Oh God, Lord, the word of God to us, Lord God, is onto perfection, Lord God, unto completion, Lord God, unto the day of the Lord. And so God, we surrender our lives into your hands, Lord God, for your leadership, for your guidance, Lord God, for your stewardship, Lord God, over our lives. Lord God, for this journey, Lord God, that we are called the walk of God. And may, oh God, we find true fellowship with you, Lord. Father God, may you come, Lord God, in our times of weakness, in our times of of of failures, in our times, oh God, when we feel, Lord God, that we are left alone, may that small, still voice still whisper the words of comfort. May you come Lord God in our lives Lord and may Lord God nothing matters nothing of this world nothing of our own desires nothing of our own thinking Lord God may nothing oh God lord take the place of us oh hallelujah of the leadership of the Holy Spirit Lord God may father God with all the fibers with all the strength we can gather Lord God within our with oursel this evening Lord God may we pour our hearts before you, Lord God. May you, Lord God, see our lives, oh God, vessels, Lord God, unto your glory this evening, Lord God. We present, Lord God, the petitions, oh God, of your people before you, Lord God, the needs, Lord God. Surely, as brother Bonham said, the this body, oh God, Lord, the Lord is a very sick body. There there's so many sickness. There's so many ailments, Lord God, your children, Lord God. Hallelujah. Though God and the way and the path to perfection, but Lord God, there's so many sickness, Lord God, your children, Lord God, the names that are mentioned, Brother Dale, Sister Mary Beth, Lord God. Hallelujah. Brother Joshua, oh God. But yet we stand believing Lord God that you are, Hallelujah, the same yesterday. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yesterday, today, and forever. As you declare it, Lord, you said I'm God. Hallelujah. I'm God and I change it not. Lord God, you declare it Lord God and your people believe. That's why we come. That's why we present our petition. That's why we say Lord God, you are still the great healer Lord God. And what oh God medical science cannot do Lord God. What is beyond oh God human ability Lord God stand the perfection of God. Uh stand the truth. stand your righteousness. And so by faith we believe, Lord God, that you are the great healer, Lord God. You are the great provider, Lord God, when there's no way. You are the great way maker, oh God. And we ask, Lord God, as we call forth, Lord God, the children of Abraham, calling those sting that are not as though they are, Lord, we speak uh Lord God, hallelujah, Lord, your divine perfect will, your perfect word, uh Lord God, over the life of your people. And we have, oh God, conditions that bind them this evening. Uh we declare in the name of Jesus, uh that your children are delivered, oh God, that there's no power of hell, oh God, that can stand before your people, Lord God. But there, Lord God, I call us victorious children, Lord God. And we declare it over their life this evening, oh God, as the scripture said, we are more than conqueror through him who have loved us. Uh and so God, may you bless us, your children this evening, Lord God. We believe uh Lord God and we are testifying this evening that Jesus Christ is my healer. Bless them, Lord God. We pray. We commit all things into your hands. Uh and we say thank you, Lord. Uh thank you for hearing. Uh thank you for answering. Thank you for coming on the scene. Uh Lord God, thank you for your many blessings. Uh thank you Lord God for your man's servant who have availed himself Lord God to speak to the heart of your children. We thank you, Lord. Thank you for fellowship. Thank you for Oh, God. There's so much to thank you for this evening. And so we thank you, Lord. Uh Lord God, and we look to you this evening. We say thanks. Uh in Jesus Christ's precious name we pray. And we say amen and amen, hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] She You came here. angels. That's all the father of God. to Let her shing might see [Music] their is a pro and the Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] How we [Music] My father [Music] Yeah. [Music] et with the rainbow. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I am never glory. Hallelujah. [Music]
