################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-25 - 20250924 - The Token Life Pt 86 -The Mystery, Finished Pt 6 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-25
Title:    20250924 - The Token Life Pt 86 -The Mystery, Finished Pt 6 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC48Z-UiDr8
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-uJiV7te2fPFIde7jeUkbXdaV0g8fR3X/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Listen, [Music] let's sing number 870. When I look into your holiness, [Music] when I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your loveliness, When all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you, when I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned, In your love when all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. And the reason I live is to worship you. Come on, help us. to your holyness. When I gaze into your lovelyness, when all things that surround me, we become shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart, where my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround me become shadows in the life of you, I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Amen. I want to welcome everybody here this evening. We pray grace to sister Violet. She continue to keep her in prayer. Good to have brother David back with us. Trust brother you're feeling better. I want to pray for brother Jeremiah tonight. He's home with terrible air pain. Sister Lee is home with him. Want to pray for brother Chad. He's working this evening. Also continue to also good to have brother Paul back uh on the guitar. Certainly missed him. um the ongoing needs of Brother Dale and Sister Lorie, Sher Lynn Piery, saints are on the island, those not here this evening, those traveling, we just want to pray God's grace to them. Uh also with brother John and I as we travel uh tomorrow, just ask for your prayers for that. We have a safe journey to and from. May God bless those uh the meetings. Let's sing um let's sing 11:27. How great is our God. Let's brother Matt open in prayer. The splender of a king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in the light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. Glory. Thank you, Lord. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. my glory. Age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. The bride and Christ are one. United time has come and soon we're going back. Thank you, Lord. Soon we're going home. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? I will see how great how great is our God. The splender of a king and clothe in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. Come on. Thank you Lord. He w himself in glory and darkness tries to hide and he turns. Thank you Lord. Glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great, how great is our God. nation which he stands. I thank you Lord. And time is in his hand. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. The bride in Christ are one. Thank you, Lord. United time has come and soon we're going home. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great how great is our God, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great, how great is our God. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, may that be our heart's cry as we worship you, Father. How great you are in our lives, Father. So many things you've done for us, Lord, that we can never fully thank you for everything, Lord. Lord, as we worship your name, Father, may it just be holiness unto you, Father. I pray Lord that you just accept our worship, Father. And may you just cause you to draw near to us this day, Father. Lord, with the pressures of the world just pushing in on us, Lord, I pray that you just help us to roll our cares and everything that is distracting us onto you, Lord. And and Father, may we just turn our eyes completely on you and set aside this time, Lord, just to focus on you, Lord, and to hear what you would have to say to us, Lord. Lord, as we enter this service, Father, pray that you just forgive us of anything that we've done wrong or thought or said, Lord, may you just forgive us, Lord. Help us, Lord, as we hold each other up in prayer, Father. There's many needs here that weren't listed, Father. Things that we've kept hidden in our hearts, Lord, but may we just lift it up to you, Father. grace, Lord, to those that couldn't make it, Father, for whatever reason, whether it's sickness, Father, or obligations, Lord. May you just give them a double portion this night, Father, and raise them up, Father, and restore them to us. Grace those, Lord, that'd be traveling, Lord, and with the different needs, Father, put her to Lord, Lord. So many requests, Father. So many oppressions from the devil, Lord, but we're just holding on to you. Grace, Father, as we we sing and praise your name, Father. Grace, especially to the pastor as he comes, Lord. May you just help us step aside and may you flow freely, Lord. Lord, we're looking for a mighty infilling from you this night, Father. There isn't a single one of us that don't need a special touch from you, Lord. A word that speaks to us this in this moment, Father. Grace to us, Lord, is my prayer. May you just bless your service, Lord. Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. [Music] This thing uh number 324 I would not be denied when pangs of death seized on my soul unto the Lord. Lord, I cried till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied man. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. night till Jesus came and made me home. I would not be denied man as Jacob in the days of highle man the Lord and said with a courage I stood up on is a I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be [Music] Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord, the work is done, man. Thank you, Lord. The Lord is here. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be a man. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Oh, Satan. Thank you, Lord. Glory. And that he would not hear my prayer. The praise the Lord the work is done. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied as Jacob in the days of our wrestle man. I thank you Lord and instant with a courage bold help us upon his word. [Applause] I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Amen. Good to see brother Gerald. Sister Benny back. Let's sing 439. Hiding in thee. Oh, safe to the rock that is higher than I. Man, [Music] conflicts. Rose were fly [Music] man so weery thine thine would I be thou bless rock ofes [Music] I'm Hiding in thee. Hiding in thee, my Lord, I'm hiding in thee. Thou plant rock of agees. I'm hiding in thee in the calon tight and soft rose long out my in times with temptation. cast over me it power in the tempest of life. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord. How blessed rock of aes were hideing in thee. I'm high in thee, my Lord. I'm high in thee. Thou bless rock of aes [Music] I'm hiding in thee. How are in the conflict when pressed by the fled to my reuge and breathe my thank you Lord my wo I walk till Thank you, Lord. [Music] Man, have I he thou rock of my soul. Thank you, Lord. I'm high in thee, my Lord. I'm high. Amen. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Of aes. [Music] Thank you, Lord. [Music] In the calm of the noon tide, in sorrow blown out in times when tempation has God make it power in the tempest of life on his wide heing sea. Thou bless rock of aes I'm hiding in thee my I'm hiding in thee my Lord I'm hiding in thee Thou past rock of aes [Music] I'm hiding in my glory. Let's stand. Let's sing number 302. God is so good. God is so good. [Music] God is so good. God is so good. good. He's so good to me. He saved my sin set. He set my spirit free. He healed my broken heart. He so good to me. Oh, I love him so. I love him so. I love him so he's so good to me cuz heers prayer. Heers prayer. He answers prayer. He so good to me. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. [Music] He's coming soon. He's so good to me. Oh, God is so good. My God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. He saved my sin sick soul. He set my spirit free. He heals my broken heart. He s good to me. Or I love him. How about you? Oh, I love him so I love him so. be so good to me. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we can't thank you enough. Lord, the scripture says if we started praising you from the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, Lord, it wouldn't be enough. But Lord, we want to say thank you once again, Lord. Lord, we want to say thank you with our mouth. We want to say thank you with our lives, Lord. We want to say thankful. Thank you with all the energy we have and where we place it, Lord. We want everything we are, Lord, to be a thankful offering to you this night, heavenly father. Lord, asking you to just take your word once again, Lord. Show us your place. Show us our place. Show us your promise, Lord. Lord, and give us faith, Lord, to raise up and lay hold of it, Lord. To trust you, Lord, a little bit more tonight. We pray, Lord. Draw us one step closer to glory, one step closer to a body change, Lord. One step closer to a total surrender. We pray tonight. Lord, bless us each one. Be with those not here, Lord. Those that are sick, Lord, we pray a special grace to them as well. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Colossians chapter 1. Colossians 1. Good to see brother Paul back with us and also have the extra Phil and the and the musicians and the music there. Amen. Wonderful to see him. Remember we've got brother Carmen Mills coming this weekend. Amen. Just trusting the Lord will bless those services. Brother Joe and I are traveling away to the men's meetings. Amen. And we're just trusting the Lord to bless you here and bless us while we're there as well. Certainly enjoy the song service tonight. Amen. Appreciate you, brother Joe, for that. Good to see brother Gerald and Sister Betty back with us. Amen. God bless you. We got a strong left side tonight. It's usually the right side seems to be strong. Now we've got everybody on the left. So, bringing some balance back in the the church seating, it looks like. Amen. God bless you. Good to see each one here tonight. Colossians chapter 1, Paul says this. It's a bit of a choppy start, but I didn't want to read the whole thing. We'll get into it a little later, but he says, "Whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God." That's why he's preaching, church. He's made a minister to a people to fulfill the word of God. Even the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats tonight. And as you can imagine, we're continuing this this thought on the mystery finished on our series on the Holy Ghost. And where we're at in this service and and in this series is really the final work, the final phase of of the finishing work of the Holy Spirit. And that's why we're preaching these things. And we've had glimpses of it and we've had, you know, little portions of it shown as we're going through. But we're in the time and the season now where we're seeing exactly what God's been trying to do all along. And it's the work of the Holy Spirit through the word of God to produce something in each and every one of us. And we closed on uh uh this quote last service and I want to open up with it this morning and or this evening. I love it because it speaks of the certainty of the word. Amen. And that's one thing that we ought to have by now, church, as believers of this message is we ought to be certain of God that when he says something, he's going to do it. Amen. And brother Brandon would say this to the to the to the the bride of this age. Amen. when the mystery of God will be finished, he says, "There will be a bride just as certain as I'm standing in this pulpit. There will be a bride that is washed in the blood of that lamb." Now, see, church, that's nothing new. You can go to any church today and they can preach that you are covered and washed in the blood of the lamb. I would say that's the generic portion. They may not preach a bribe, but they'll preach a church. And they'll say, "We're all washed in the blood of the lamb. We're all clean." But catch what he says next. He says, "And that lamb will be living among them." Amen. He'll be showing super signs of his resurrection after 2,000 years. The same thing he did when he was here on earth. And last last service, we asked the question, what's that mystery going to look like? Who is it going to be? Who is it going to that that's going to reveal this? How is it tied to the bride? And how is it wrapped up in our time? How does it affect us? What does it do for us? What does it look like when it's working in our lives? How do we get to the place that he's talking about in this quote and in the scriptures that we've read over the last 80 portions of this series? Amen. But I'm coming preaching a prophet's message tonight. Amen. I am not preaching a generic Christian experience anymore. Not that we have been. But I want you to understand something, church, that what we have is specific to us. It is specific to this age and it is specific to the word for this age. That's the message that we have today. Amen. What we're going to hear tonight and what will be to the end certainly of this this series that we're preaching on is specific to what we received from a prophet messenger. Nobody nobody anywhere is preaching what we're going to talk about tonight and what we'll be preaching as we go through this. Amen. Because what we're preaching about is our inheritance. Church, we have an inheritance here and we have an inheritance over there. We've got one inheritance here. You've got something that's far grander over there. Amen. But I want you to understand something. We have an inheritance here. And I love how when brother Barry was here, he said, "Listen, we've got a message that has lift." I thought that was such a beautiful thing to say. We've got something that takes us up out of this earth. We've got so many people preaching a gospel that makes us comfortable down here, that makes us want to stay here, but we've got a message that tugs on our hearts, that tugs on our lives, that tugs on our souls, and it's pulling us away from this. It's got lift. Amen. It's drawing us away from everything that would hold us back in this age. Amen. And so, we've been given an inheritance down here, church. There's only one inheritance we have. Because remember, if it comes from God, it has to be eternal. And there's an inheritance we have, church, and that inheritance is his word. That's what he's given us. Amen. If it's from God, it has to be eternal. And so, health and wealth and ease of life and comfort and all these things, they're temporary. Healing is only temporary. Our internal inheritance is a healed body, not healing. It's a body that can't get sick. Amen. And Peter says we have an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled waiting in heaven for us. But we've been given one inheritance here. And brother Brandham says this. He says, "Now we have a sacred trust. And we have an inheritance, a heritage that we inherit as believing children. It's a sacred trust. And that sacred trust, and our sacred heritage is the word of God that's been given to us." And then he says it this way, the full word of God. You say, "What do we have that nobody else has?" If you're a child of God, you've got the full word. And you know where you're at and you know what it means for you. And amen. So what we have today that is supernatural is the word of God. We've got the full word of God. That's what we have. Amen. And then what comes behind that word is the spirit to make it live in us. The spirit is the dynamics. It's the power to make that word live. It takes it from letter and it turns it into life. Amen. That's what we see here today. That's what we see in the lives of experienced believers and mature believers is it's gone from letter into life. And that's what the the power of the Holy Spirit is supposed to do. So, we have a prophet that comes in this age and he preaches those seven seals. And I want you to hear what he has to say early on as he starts to preach those seven seals in that first service. This is the confidence I have in this prophet because he comes, church, and he's okay with humbling himself before the people. He's okay with humbling himself before the spirit of God. He's okay with humbling himself to the word of God. Remember, we read in the book of Revelation, in Revelation 5, that the lamb came and he took the book. No man was worthy. No man was able. No man was found that could open the book. But there was a lamb found that was able to open the book. And so only Christ can take the book. And only Christ can open the seals. church. That means even a prophet is not able to open those seals. He can't do it. He can't do it. He's not able. He isn't worthy. He's not able and he doesn't have the understanding required to do those things. But like Daniel had, remember when Daniel's praying and the angel came to him and he says, "Daniel, I've come to give you skill and understanding." That's what our prophet got. Now listen to this. He's preaching the first seal here and he says this, "I would have made a horrible mistake on that about 12:00." He says, "If it hadn't been about 12:00 today when the Holy Spirit came in the room and corrected me on something that I was writing down to say." So, Brother Bam's studying that morning to preach that evening. He's gone. He's been told to go preach the seals. And so he's sitting in his hotel room and he's studying and he says, "I'd have made a big mistake if I was left to my own devices." He said, "I was taking it from an old context. I had nothing on it." He says, "I don't know what the second seal is. No more than nothing." He's in the church preaching the first seal. He says, "I've got to preach the sec second seal tomorrow, and I don't have a clue what it is." church. That's the confidence of a prophet. He knows he's got to preach it, but he doesn't have the answer for it yet. He doesn't have the understanding for it. He says, "But I had got some old context of something that I had spoke on several years ago, wrote it down, and I gathered this context from Dr. Smith and many great outstanding teachers that I had gathered it, and all of them believed that. So, I had written it down." So, Brother Brandham, church, brother Brandon didn't just read his Bible. He read all sorts of things from all sorts of other people. And he says, "I took what they had and I put it into context. I put it into notes. And everyone seemed to agree on this. So I wrote it down, too. It made sense to him. It seemed to fit. It seemed to work through there." Amen, church. He's doing everything he can to preach the seals. But listen to this. He says, "And I was fixing to say, well, now I'll study it from that standpoint." So he had a perspective on the seals that he was going to preach from. He says, "And there about 12:00 in the day, the Holy Spirit just swept right down into the room." He says, "And the whole thing just opened up to me and there it was." See this first seal being opened. He says, "I'm as positive as I'm standing here tonight that this is the gospel truth that I'm going to say here. I just know it is." That takes humility, church, to stand up and say, "I was going to preach incorrect word." But he came. He came and he opened the seal. Brother Graham didn't open the seal, church. The Holy Spirit told him what it meant. Christ came down with an open book and said, "Here's what those seals are." &gt;&gt; Amen. And he'd have that seven times over seven days. He'd come, he'd there, he'd study and church, he says, "I don't know what the second seal is." But then he comes and he preaches the second seal. Why? The Holy Spirit comes in, does the same thing. And day after day after day, he's studying. He's praying. He's doing his best. And then the Holy Spirit comes in and it shows him exactly what to say and do. Church, he didn't preach it by inspiration. He preached it by divine revelation from Christ himself. That's what we're believing this evening. We're believing a message that came that way. Amen. You talk about divinely revealed truth. Remember I was talking about that that that great nominal Christian pastor that says that that there is no more divinely revealed truth. Church, this is divinely revealed truth. This message we believe is taking us back to that word. Amen. And God opened up eternity for his prophet so he could see exactly what was going on. That's why we listen to the seventh church angel's mo voice church because he stopped and he heard what the spirit was saying. See, too many of us, we presume. We just madly push forward. I've got this. I'm a prophet. I'm a believer. I've got the right. No, sir. He waited and he waited and the Holy Spirit came and he corrected him and he gave him exactly what we needed to hear. Amen. But I say that to say this. Brother Bram said after the seals were opened, his Bible completely changed. He's been preaching church for what, 30 years? 33 to 63. 30 years. And he says, "My Bible completely changed after those seals were open." Something happened when those seals were open. And many preached some of the most wonderful things after those seals were open. What was before, church, we don't throw it away. Like we said, you can't come to 63 unless you go from 33 to 63. We've got to grow. We've got to mature. We've got to have a foundation built there. But after the seals, he preaches some amazing things. Amen. But I want us, and we're going to preach from one of those great messages tonight mostly. But I want you to catch what he says. He says, 'Now, it's hard to say this. It's very hard because speaking to people who feel the same way I do and the way I've been for many years. He says, 'But since the opening of those seven seals of them angels just behind the mountain yonder, he said, "This has become a new book." He says, "It's the way that's been the things it's the things that's been hid are being revealed as God promised in Revelation 10, he would do it." See, he's starting to see his message. He's starting to see his ministry now placed exactly where it's supposed to be. He saw Malachi 4, but now he's seen Revelation 10 now being revealed in his own life. He said as he promised in Revelation 10, he would do it. He said, "And we are the privileged people that God has chosen of the earth that we might see and understand these things." He says it's not uh that which is not some mythical fleshy mind of a person trying to make it up. He says it's the word of God made manifest. Proven that it's right. He says proven not by science but by God that it's right. You know, I was listening to uh what I do a lot of times either on a Thursday morning or Sunday afternoon as I go home. I do around the world in 60 minutes. And I go around and I check in with different churches and different ministers that I've known and these different things. And so I was checking in on my old pastor in Dallas Fort Worth, uh, Brother David McGiri. And he said something on Sunday morning that I so appreciated. He said the purpose of this word is not just for us to tell people. He said the purpose of this word is for us to show people. He said the purpose of the word is just not to be written and read. The purpose of the word is to be manifested. I thought that was so beautifully put. Amen. What a wonderful thing to say. Amen. God is looking for people that are the word. God is producing people that are the word. Not just people that can nod their heads and say amen. Not just people that can fill a pew Sundays and Wednesdays, but he's looking for people that will take it and eat it and they'll become what they're eating. They'll become what they're believing. Amen. God's looking for a transformation. He's looking for a transformation of his bride. Amen. And that's why we need the new birth. That's why we need his word, the washing of water by the word, so that we become what we're believing. We become what we're hearing. We become what we're dwelling on and people see us. Not just hear us, but they see us. And that's what catches their attention. It's not just the words that come out of our of our life, but it's the life that comes out of our life. Amen. Now, I want to take us back to scripture, and I want to go back to Colossians 1. And we're never going to get it all tonight, but I just want to take this in small portions for each service as we go forward so not to to burden the people too much, but I want to take us back to this first uh portion of Colossians. We're going to read more of it later, but I want to come here to understand something. Paul says, "Whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God." His message came with a purpose, and it was that the word would be fulfilled in the hearers and believers of his message. Okay, that's the first thing. Watch now what he says now. It's even the mystery which has been hid from ages and from generations. But when in the year 2000 he says now. He says but now is made manifest to his saints to whom God would make known what is the riches of his of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you the hope of glory. Now if you remember brother John's been preaching this is us now. But Paul says no it's now 2,000 years ago. But remember what Revelations 1077 says. It says the mystery of God should be finished. That means it had to be started someplace else. &gt;&gt; It didn't start in our age. It gets finished in our age. And Paul says, look, it's showing itself now. This thing that God is hidden all through time. He's hidden it through his word. He's hidden it through his people. It's being h it's happening now in who? The church. In the saints and the believers of that time. Amen. We're in the time of the mystery being finished. We're in the omega. He's in the time of the alpha, the start, the beginning. We're at the finishing. We're at the ending. Do you see why I'm saying this? Amen. And the people that day, they didn't really catch it. And guess what? They're not going to catch it today either. Paul, brother Brandon would say this. He says, "Now, God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. And that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning. the mystery, the hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began and how that it's unfolded itself right down to this present hour that we're living. He sees he says, "See, then you will understand clearly then I believe what is being done." God's great mystery of how it's a secret. He kept it a secret. Nobody knew nothing about it. Even the angels didn't understand it. He said, "See, he didn't reveal it." That's the reason under our seventh mystery when the seventh seal was opened there was silence. Now notice he says that mystery is unfolding itself. If you've ever taken something, have you seen origami? Do you know what origami is? Where they take paper and they fold it up and they make it into these swans that the wings move when you pull on different things. Very beautiful. I think the the Japanese or the Chinese did it. You ever take origami and what you can do is you can unfold it. You can unfold it and you can see that what started as a simple sheet of paper becomes this beautiful swan or this animal. You can unfold it to see what it started, but then you can fold it back and see what it is. He says this mystery has been unfolding. In other words, God's been revealing it all this time. It wasn't fully revealed at the beginning. It's only revealed at the very end, but it's been unfolding all the way through time. Amen. It was lost to sight. See, they saw it in that first age and it was coming so perfectly into clearness. And then what happened? The apostles died and the church went into apostasy. They fell away. They put the Holy Spirit out. And so that vision, that clarity of what God was trying to do, it fell with it and it went into darkness. But now we've had this this regeneration. We've had this restoration through the seven church ages. And now in the fifth and the sixth and into the seventh, we've had justification, sanctification, the gifts, and the baptism of the Holy Spirit and these things. And it's coming back now so that it's clearly seen. And the key is this, church. You've got to see it. If nobody sees it, you've got to see it. You've got to see it in yourself. I trust we'll see it in each other. But this is a mystery that we have to see inside of ourselves as we're going through this life. Brother Bam says this. He says, "Jesus, when he was on earth, they wanted to know when he would come." He said, "Even the son himself doesn't know when it's going to happen." See, God has this all to himself. It's a secret. And that's the reason there was silence in heaven for the space of a half hour and seven thunders utter their voices. And John was even forbidden to write it. See, he says it's the coming of the Lord. He says that's one thing he hasn't revealed yet of how he will come and when he will come. He says it's a good thing that he doesn't. So all of this thing, this final mystery is tied up. It's wrapped up to that final event which is the coming of the Lord. It's the resurrection. It's the rapture. Amen. And that's tied to the mystery that God had from the beginning. That's the final part, the culmination of this great mystery is this rapture. Amen. And it's all coming through that sealed book. Amen. That's that book of redemption. It's the book of life. It's the book that holds the names and the purpose and the plans that God has for everyone of his children. And it was in the mind of God from the beginning. And the question is, who are they? How do we know them? Do we know who they are tonight? We don't. We think we do, but we don't really know. We don't really know because that's going to be the final portion of the mystery is when and how and who. That's the showdown is the rapture. Amen. Church, we can look around this and listen, we better believe we're going in a rapture, but we also better make our calling and election sure day by day. Amen. We better have a secure uh settled feeling in our soul that we're right with God. Amen. But the confirmation of who really is a child of God is only going to be proven on one day and that's the day of the rapture. That's when we're going to know, church, who was real and who was fake. That's the showdown. Amen. We can look around and we can believe we're all going to make it. But let me tell you this, church, and I'm not putting you down. I've seen people that amen more, that shouted more, that dressed better, that were more focused, that were more committed to the word, and they've turned away. That's the sad truth. I know ministers that have preached this message and walked away. I know them personally, and I'm not talking about young bucks. I'm talking about men that have preached it for 30 and 40 years and walked away. Why am I saying that? I'm saying the showdown is the rapture. Today, we're just here and we're fighting and we're believing, but the rapture is going to prove who's really in and who's really out. Amen. That's where the proof is going to be. And that's why we need a bride preparing message. Amen. We need a rapture ready message. Amen. That'll get us set for that for that final moment when that mystery is revealed and we finally see who's who and what's what. Amen. That's what God came to do through a Malachi 4 prophet was to get us ready for the rapture. Now, he says this. He says he has showed or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible. We're talking now about this mystery. He says, "Therefore, the entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ." The entire Bible is an expression of one goal that God had, one purpose that he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. He says, "And all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type an expression of what God's great goal is. And now in this last day, he has revealed it and shows it. See, this mystery has been showing all along. God's been giving glimpses all along. And the prophet of God says, "Listen, you can go back and you can see it in the types and shadows of the lives of the true believers in the scripture." And I don't want to get too far ahead of myself, but he'll say, "Look at Moses, and what do you see? Christ. Look at Joseph and what do you see? Christ. Look at David and what do you see? Christ. Look at Samuel. What do you see? Look at all these great men and what do you see? You see Christ, but you only see it in type. It's not perfect, but you see a glimpse. You just catch catch a moment, a fleeting window of what God has been trying to do all this time. And he says, if you look at their lives, you'll see that. And in the Old Testament, so much of time it was limited to men. It was limited to prophets. It was limited to kings. It was limited to priests. And you had the occasional woman in there that show great faith in these things. But it was a more select group of people. But he says it's just a type. It's not perfect. But there's a people coming where it'll be through all of them. It's not just going to be through the ministry. It's not just going to be through the prophets. It's not going to just be through those that handle the word behind a pulpit. But it'll be through a people that have surrendered themselves to the word that they've received. Amen. He says, "And then comes the revelation of the mystery to reveal what it's all been about. Then come back in the last days and pick up all these mysteries and clearly explain it and reveal it. Notice he says two things, explain and reveal. Explain is to give understanding. Reveal is to manifest. Okay? We're not receiving an intellectual message. We're receiving a transforming message. That's what it's supposed to do. He says, why? It's all the last days when this great mystery that God had in his heart is being revealed. He says, do you get it? Remember this is the truth of thus sayeth the Lord. It's the truth. It's the scripture. Notice what he says here. He says the this great mystery that God had in his heart. Church, it's personal to God. It's a part of God. It's not just an intellectual concept. It's not just an academic exercise for God. But this is something near and dear to his person. Amen. It's very personal to him. It's a part of God himself. He says it's like the second the seven mysteries of the seven last seals. The seals had been broken and every age had come down and there they had left a lot of scattering. See through through the ages so many things had gotten scattered out. The truth had been scattered. They they cut it all apart and you had all these loose ends and all these doctrines and halftruths and partial this and and he said it's all been scattered. He says and God not willing that it should be scattered, he comes back and picks up those things, those doctrines they started and brought it on out and revealed the whole thing. That's why we say that brother Brandham before the seals, what's he doing? He's clearing up. He's tying up a lot of the loose ends. That's what he's doing. He's getting the people ready for what God really wants to do. But he's got to clear out all the clutter. He's got to get rid of all the fog and all all all the things that don't add up with what all the denominations believe in these different things. He says he brought it on out, revealed the whole thing. It's the same thing he's doing now in revealing the mystery of Christ. How he was God's three-fold purpose for the church. Notice what he's saying. He's saying it was all right to start, but then it got scattered and now he's bringing it back again so we can see what God was trying to do all along. Amen. Now, I'm not going to preach this whole message of Christ is the mystery of God revealed to you tonight. Amen. But I'm going to just selectively hit some points as we we speak on this thought on the mystery finished. Now, I don't know about you, if you have favorite messages. I have a couple favorite messages. This is far and away my favoriteest message. I absolutely love it. And every time I listen to it, every time I read it, I underline something new. I see something new. I I think somebody said maybe brother Lonnie Jenkins said this was the seventh seal message that brother Brandon preached because after the seals were preached he says the whole thing became a new book and he starts to see things from a bigger picture and from a greater perspective than he ever has. And this is one of the most wonderful messages. Amen. And I think it's most beautiful because we can see our part in everything that God was trying to do. He says this. He says, "Now notice, God has had a three-fold purpose in this great mystery secret. God in his great mystery secret that he had before the world began, he has a three-fold purpose." And we're going to summarize the first two of those. The third one really comes after we go anyway, so it's not as as critical to what we're preaching on right now. But I want us to get to our part. That's what I'm interested in tonight is what's mine? What do I have to do? What does God have for me? What does the word say about my part in this mystery? Amen. But we want to see first what came before us. We have all those types in the the and shadows in the lives of the believers. We'll see later how that plays in. Amen. But we want to see what God's trying to show us. And let's look at this three-fold purpose here just quickly for the second half of this service. He says, "Now the first thing was that God wanted to reveal himself to the people." He said he couldn't do it as a great Jehovah God who covered all space, time, and eternity. He could not. He's too great to ever be revealed to people because it would be too mysterious. How could that great being that never did begin that after you went beyond the cycle of hundreds of billions and trillions and trillions of years of light space and on out into the infinite into the eternity and a great creature that was all that and still is? He said, "How could we do that, church? We can't even understand ourselves. We can't. I don't know why I do certain things. And yet, how would I ever hope to understand the great God, the self-existing one that has no beginning, that has no end, that covers all space and time. As brother Bram says, he says he was unobtainable. He was unreachable, unstandable in his original form. Okay? But what does he do? He wants to connect. He wants to create a touch point. He wants relationship. He said but what he wanted to do he loved fatherhood for he was a father and the only way he could express it was to become a son a man that's the reason Jesus kept saying the son of man see they didn't know what he was talking about many of them see he wanted to express himself that was one it was the first of his great three-fold purpose was to express himself identify himself with human beings to reveal himself in Christ now we're seeing this great desire. Now, we're talking the three-fold purpose of God. And he says the first thing he has here is he has a desire. And his desire is to have relationship. We would say God wanted to have a family. I would say God wanted to be a family. Not just have a family, but be a family. Cuz say somebody could walk up to me and say, "Hey, you seem like a pretty nice guy. Why don't we go live in a house together and we'll be a family?" No, that's not it. That's not going to work. a young man could come up and say, "Hey, you look like you might be a good dad. How about you be my dad and I'll be your son." As much as I could adopt him and take him into my home church, that's not the true basis of relationship. The true basis of relationship is origin. It's where you come from. And guess what? As much as I could try to bring that son into my home, he's not my son truly in the same way that Jonathan and Jensen and Samuel are because they're blood of my blood. They come for me. There is a natural thing that's built into me to love them. And as much as I could extend myself to that young man that wants to be a part of my family, that wants to call me dad, all these things, I guarantee you I would never love him the way I love my the ones that came from me. There's a linkage there that comes from that. There's a bloodline that keeps me tied to them, no matter how horrible they are. I have no such problems with my daughter, of course, because she's always wonderful. No, they're all wonderful in their own way. And they're all horrible in their own way, too. We're were horrible. Amen. Selena's getting offended in the front. If this offends you, watch this. That's what Jesus said, right? No, we're not going to do that. Amen. But God wanted to be a family. Amen. God wanted to have love based on origin, not just based on somebody saying, "Well, I guess I'll love you, God." He wanted something that was deeper than that. And how does God become a family with humanity? Brother Ram says he comes down and he puts himself into humanity. He takes and he forms himself into human body. The first thing he did was he made Adam. Adam was the son of God. And he made Adam. But what Adam fell by way of disobedience and now God is I I he's not left in a lurch because he saw it all coming. But he's left without a means to progress if I could put it that way. Because Adam fell. Adam fell by his free will. And so, you know what God said? God said, "Listen, no matter who I build, they're going to fall in free will." So, he says, "I need somebody that won't fall. I've got to go down myself." And so, what did he do? He built himself a body called Jesus. And he stepped down and he poured himself into it. Amen. But see this, church, he had to do what he did with Adam. See, with Adam, he had to strike Adam and take a part out to make a family for Adam. And so, what did he do? He had to make a second Adam. And then he had to strike him to take a bride out of him as well. Amen. That's perfect compatibility, church. That's perfect unity. You know something fits if it comes out of something. You strike something, it pops out. You know it's going to go right back in because it came from that place. It's built out of that very thing. Amen. That's perfect compatibility. You can't you can't dislike something that comes from you. Remember the scripture says though we deny him he cannot deny us. He says because he cannot deny himself. What we lack sometimes is the revelation of where we come from in our humanity. But he can't deny us because we come from him. The scripture says a man can't hate his wife because she's his own flesh. He shouldn't. Amen. But he had to smite Christ as he did Adam to bring out a bride. Now watch this. He says it's it pleased God to smite him. He's trying to create a family now. Okay? He says, "And now why did he smite him?" He says, "For the same cause he had to smite Adam." Now we see him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted, the perfect lamb for sinners slain, a perfect masterpiece. He says, "Now for 2,000 years, God has been again making him a masterpiece." In other words, there's a process that's going on, church, and it's to produce a second masterpiece. He says, because he struck Adam to get a piece off of him, part of him to a rib to make a wife for him. He says, and now that perfect masterpiece that he struck at Calvary, he got a piece off of him. He says it's just the New Testament, that's all. Catch this now. He says it's just the New Testament, that's all. He fulfilled the Old Testament. Now, it's the New Testament. another piece to be fulfilled. See the new and the old is husband and wife. The first hus the first masterpiece fulfilled the old testament. The second test the second masterpiece has to be fulfilled in the old new testament. He says it it took the old to for show the new. Christ came the masterpiece to fulfill that. He says now his bride will fulfill everything that's in the new testament. He says another masterpiece is in the making. You say, "Brother John, what is this about?" A masterpiece. You're a masterpiece. You're the in the process of God creating a masterpiece to fulfill the New Testament. You're the word fulfilled. You're the masterpiece that will fulfill the word. He says it took him 4,000 years to make this masterpiece. He's talking of Christ. He said now he's been for nearly 2,000 years making another masterpiece, a bribe for Christ, another masterpiece. He says in doing it, in so doing it, he does it by his neverchanging method. The same way he made the masterpiece, he said his word. That's the way he makes his masterpieces. Because he can only be a perfect masterpiece when it's the perfect word. Why is the word our inheritance? Because it's the only thing that produces a masterpiece. It's the only thing that works to produce what God is looking for. That's why we focus so much on the word because the word is the producer of the masterpiece. It's the only thing that gets us ready. It's the only thing that makes us suitable. It's the only thing that makes us match the image of the word that we're reading from. Amen. The word itself by the power of the spirit. Amen. It's the very thing that's driving this time, this season, this age that we're in. And it's doing a work on the bride today. That's the first thing he said was to reveal himself to the people. He says now he's doing a second thing. It's a masterpiece of the bride. He says secondly, it's to have the preeminence in his body of believers. That is his bride that he might do one thing, live in people. That's why we can look back in the Old Testament and we see shadows and we see types. We see the spirit of God coming on somebody but not staying with somebody. We see somebody doing something that's so perfect and the next minute something that's so flawed. It's just a type. It's imperfect. But it was showing what God was wanting to do all the time with everyone that's a part of his family. Amen. This is the massive portion that we've been building up to in this entire series is what is God trying to do? What is the purpose that he gave the Holy Spirit in the New Testament to the New Testament church? Amen. That's why he sent it back to us so we could have a new birth. And that's why we need this word with the spirit behind it is to what? Cause a transformation to produce this second masterpiece that he's talking about. Amen. Why do we need the spirit to point us to the word so we know that it's the spirit talking to us and not another spirit? Because let me tell you, there's a lot of spirits rolling around trying to produce their own masterpiece. As God is trying to produce a bride, Satan's producing a great Amen. And the people that are doing it think they're under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. It takes the word to straighten us up and get us right. Coming back to Colossians now, he says, "For this cause we also since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you and to desire that you may be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding." We're talking about this bride masterpiece now that God wants to live in people. Now, we're not going to touch on it this service on this idea of of of all know of the knowledge of his will, but I'll say this. Brother Bram said that the bride knows what the what he wants done with the word. She has the word. She knows what he wants done with it. And that's what she does. Amen. That's part of being adopted is knowing his will and then doing it. He says, "Why? That you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work and increasing the knowledge of God." Notice all pleasing. Everything that you would do would be pleasing to him. That our lives would be completely pleasing. Church, when you see all, it's a superlative. It's an absolute. It means that everything that you do is pleasing to God. Being fruitful in how much of your good works? All of it. Every good work. Everything that you do that you're doing for God is satisfying. Amen. And that we're increasing in the knowledge of God. So, in other words, God's looking for our lives. He's desiring that our lives will produce fruit that reflects something more than me. that reflects something more of you. Amen. There's a way for that to happen. It's not by those self-chosen, stubborn works that we talked about in Matthew 7 where they're going to come to Jesus and say, "Hey, we did all these wonderful works." He says, "Depart from me. I never knew you." What's the problem? They decided what they wanted to do for God and then they went and did it. That's not what we're here to do. We're here to have him tell us what he wants to do and then we do it. Amen. You'll get fruit if you do it your own way, but it just doesn't last. It doesn't last. Why? Because it it doesn't have eternal life inside of it. It's not God working in it. Jesus said it this way in John. He said, "I am the vine. You are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him. The same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me, you can do nothing." Now, catch this. You can do nothing of eternal value. You can do nothing that I'm looking for. Without me. Why? Because without him, you don't know what he wants. Without him, you don't know what you're supposed to do. You don't know the right way. You don't know the right attitude. You don't want You have no clue. You're just coming up with something out of your own religious context somehow. And then he says this. He says, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you." In other words, I've got a purpose already declared for you that you should go for go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should do one thing. Remain. That word remain means abide, continue, and endure. Now, church, we're talking about the fruit of the Holy Spirit really is what we're looking at here. And notice what he says is you don't lose your fruit based on circumstances. that when things go sour, when things go sideways, when time gets tough, when you're feeling disappointed, when you're feeling down, that your fruit goes away. He's saying, "No, no matter what, your fruit stays." You don't lose your Christianity when things are not the way that you might want them to be. When hard times come, the fruit endures. The fruit remains. He says, "Why? That whatsoever you shall ask of the Father in my name, he shall give it to you." So what Paul's talking about is the fulfillment of Jesus words here that your fruit should remain. What did Paul say just a little bit earlier? He said that you would be fruitful in every good work and increasing the knowledge of God. Jesus said this is what's supposed to happen. How you going to get there, church? You've got to abide in him. That's the only way you can do it. How do you abide in him? 1 Corinthians 12, by one spirit. We're baptized into one body, the body of Christ, the bride of Christ. That's the only way you can abide with Christ is by the Holy Spirit. Otherwise, we're just in a religious experience. And you can't produce this good, this lasting fruit without the spirit, without being tied into Christ. Paul continues. He says, "Strengthened with all might according to his glorious power unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness." I want you to read a portion of this with me. Strengthened with what? How much might? All might. According to his glorious power unto, how much patience? All patience and longsuffering with joyfulness. Here goes, brother John. Church, when I see all, I say, "Praise the Lord." If you're feeling weak, what does the word say as your inheritance? Almight. When you're worn out, what does the word say? Almighty. When you're feeling overcome, what does it say? Glorious power. When you're going through the valley of the shadow of death, when you can't see light at the end of the tunnel, what is there? All patience and longsuffering with joyfulness. Church, the problem ain't us. Ain't the promise. It's whether or not we'll receive it. He says you can go through this with joyfulness or you can go through it your way. But it's not because I didn't offer it to you. All might, glorious power, all patience, longsuffering with joyfulness. Amen. Problem is not the inheritance, church. The problem is a people that's willing to accept it. He says, "Giving thanks unto the father which hath made us meet." That word meat means qualified you. God has qualified you. God has made us of a nature and equality that meets his standard. That's what he produces, church. God doesn't produce substandard materials. God doesn't produce failures. God doesn't produce losers. God has made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of his saints in light church. God has literally qualified us to be saints, to take part in this inheritance. Amen. He's built us. He's prepared us from eternity to partake of what we're talking about tonight. You're built for your inheritance. Amen. You're accepted. Now, watch how he qualifies us. It doesn't seem so obvious at first, but let's keep reading this. He says, "He's made us meet. He's made us qualified to be partakers, who had delivered us from the power of darkness and had translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins, who is the invisible image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him and he is before all things and by him all things consist church. I just told you he qualified us. And I just read it. Did you catch it? Did you catch it? Who is Paul talking about? Whose virtues is Paul extolling? Who is Paul raising up here? Is it you and I? It is by extension. But who's he talking about? Christ. And he can't shut up about Christ. He's qualified you. And then who does he talk about? He doesn't talk about you and I. He talks about Christ. Why? Because Christ is the one that qualifies us, not ourselves. Amen. It's through him that we're qualified. Amen. I'm taking our prophet's message now and he's speaking of Christ, the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. Christ was the original creation of God, the dwelling place of God. And we just said that God qualified us. Now, Brother Matt knows a lot about quality assurance. Amen. And he says, "God has told us we're qualified for what comes our way. The inheritance he has for us in the word, the inheritance that he has waiting for us. But what makes us qualified? What makes us suitable? What gives us the stamp of approval that makes sure that God is not rejecting us? That at then it comes down to the final point, the final check that God doesn't say, you are so close, but depart from me." What is it that does that? What is quality assurance? Quality assurance is in a manufacturing process, but it can be any process. It can be software, coding, all sorts of things, but it's generally accepted in the manufacturing process where everything that's built or a certain portion of things that are built, they get checked against the original drawing or template. So, you have something as simple as we'll take this bottle of water. When they make the bottle, they make the bottle, they make the caps. Now, there's a couple things that really matter with this. It's got to have the ribs for stability and it's got to have the threads in it that are at the perfect pitch and they got to be spaced just right and they can't have too much material because if they have too much material the cap won't go on and if they have too little material then the cap won't tighten up. So the quality check on this primarily is going to be that it is the correct dimension on the outside and that the threads that this cap goes on are the right size and shape. Okay. And what happens is they'll take that and they won't take everyone because it's a high-speed process, but they'll take every one of the hundred or they'll take one out of a thousand, whatever it might be, and they'll take it and they'll check everything on it. And if it doesn't match the drawing, what do they do? They throw it out. They put it back in the melting pot. They say it's no good. And what do they have to do? They have to go check everything that's run on that machine since they caught that one. And what do they do, church? They have what they call rejects. And the purpose of quality assurance is to make sure that what you get is what you designed in the first place. What's our quality assurance church? Tell you what, it's not John Kurlet. It's not the five-fold ministry. It's not our works. It's not our amens. It's not our church attendance. It comes another way. Amen. Remember, we've said it of of Christ in the in the past so many times. Scripture says that God looked at Christ and he said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased." What was he doing? Quality assurance. He said, "He's perfect. He's so perfect. I'm going to dwell in him and you have to listen to him now." So what did he do? He guaranteed Christ. He put his stamp of approval on Christ. Amen. God deemed him a perfect creation. So perfect church that he could dwell in him. Hallelujah. Church, your quality is determined by what he puts in you. So when he fills you with his spirit, what's he saying? He's saying, "This is my beloved son. This is my beloved daughter. This is my quality assured perfection because he won't put perfection in a vessel of dishonor. The vessel is prepared for what goes into it. Amen. Only a perfect vessel can can contain God. Hallelujah. I'm telling you, only a perfect vessel can contain God. What do you have when you receive the Holy Spirit? God himself, church. That's the place you're sitting tonight in heavenly places. He's accepted you. He says, "Let us not forget that in the beginning when he smoked the side of Adam, he took something from his side. Now the smiting of Christ was for a cause that he might take from him one to be a family, the bride. He might take him a bride. So when his masterpiece was perfected, then he had to smite it to take from him not another piece, not another creation, but of the same creation. See church, too often we draw a distinction between us and Christ. He's trying to take that away. He's trying to get our eyes focused on what he's got for us. He says, "My brother, don't think that bad at this." He says, "But think a minute. If he took from him the original creation to make a bride for him, he never made another creation. He took a part of the original creation. He says then if he was the word, what must the bride be? It's got to be the original word. Living God in the word. In other words, when God said Christ is perfect and then out of Christ came a bride, then that bride cannot be imperfect because she comes from a perfect source. She was qualified when Christ was qualified. She was perfected when Christ was perfected. Amen. She's a dwelling place, a temple for the living God today. Amen. As a many member Bible, as a many member bride, I should say. And she is the fullness expressed. Amen. The complete expression of Christ. Amen. Church of Christ is perfect. The bride's perfect. And if he was the perfect expression of God, then we have to be the perfect expression of Christ. You can't be perfect and have an imperfect expression. It doesn't work that way. Amen. That's our qualification. That's our guarantee of being accepted. We came from a qualified source. We have this thing when it comes to materials where if you take a material, brother Matt would know this, they work with some pretty fancy stuff over there. And when you're working in the offshore, you have these the the the steel that comes in and the special alloys and they what do they do, church? They certify it and they do a test on it and they say, "These are the certifications for this material. This is how strong it is. This is the elongation. This is the tensil strength. This is all these different things. Here's the the chemistry of it. And it all is to a spec. And when they certify it, Brother Matt, you're allowed to take any part of that material and use it, aren't you? You don't have to say, "Don't go get me another test." Why? Because it's certified. It's tested through and through. The process worked. It's a perfect material for what you're looking for. Amen. The problem is this. We take ourselves and we compare ourselves to Christ. We take our individual selves and we compare ourselves to the fullness of God in a single man. And what do we inevitably say? I'm not him. Cuz why? We're not all him. We were never meant to be all him. I was never meant to be all him. I You were never meant to be all him. We were supposed to be a part of him. He was the perfect example. Now we're just parts of that perfect example. Amen. God's not comparing us to Christ. God's comparing us to our purpose. God's got a different standard for me as a minister as for you as a lay person. God's got a different standard for deacons than he does for the other men of the congregation. Doesn't mean you can't act like a deacon. Doesn't mean you can't meet the qualifications of a deacon, but a deacon has to be a certain way. God compares you to what your role is. God compares you to what your purpose is. church. We're not here to be the fullness individually. We're here to be faithful. That's what God's looking for is faithful servants, not fullness servants. He's saying, "What are you doing with what I've given you? Are you where I told you to be? Are you found doing what I told you to do?" Amen. We're faithful servants, not full service. That's what he's calling us to be. Are we faithful to and with the portion that God has given us? That's what shows we pass from death unto life. We're joined into the body. Now, we're functioning. It's a part of our adoption. Paul would say it this way. He says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." So what is our part, church? Our part is to offer. Our part is to make ourselves available. That's all we have to do. He is the one that takes our offering or lays it aside. Amen. But he's not going to lay any one of us aside completely. But we might offer ourselves for something that we're not ready for, that we're not built for, that we're not called for. But the point is to offer. And it's up to him to place you into service. Amen. What we're supposed to do is be available for use. Remember when brother Mark preached on this not too long ago, when brother Mark taught on this, he's not a preacher. I'm not allowed to say that. But when he taught on this, he says, "What is our purpose? To keep ourselves clean from the world and the things of the world. Keep our lives sanctified. That's our reasonable service." Church, God's not up there. I don't know if we did in Sunday school. We may have, but I know we certainly did it in elementary school. If you came into school every day, you got a gold star for attendance. And if you got a certain mark on your test, you got a star here and you got a star there. And when you got a certain number of stars, you got a prize of some sort. Anybody else have that? Well, guess what, church? God doesn't give us gold stars for coming to church, for paying our tithes, for staying separate from the world, for not drinking alcohol, for not going to parties. God doesn't give us gold stars for that. That's our reasonable service. That's just expected of us. That's what believers do no matter what. Amen. We're not God's not coming and patting us on the back. Oh, good for you. You made it to church on a Wednesday night and you were so tired. No, that's reasonable service. Unfortunately, we've turned that into look at my great sacrifice. It might feel like a sacrifice, but it's your reasonable service. Amen. Can I be your pastor tonight? Making it to church does not get you a pat on the back. I'm glad you're here. You're supposed to be here, but it's your reasonable service. Keeping yourself away from the things of the world, that's your reasonable service. Why? because you're making yourself fit for his use. You're making yourself available for his use. You're keeping the barriers and the boundaries that would go between you and Christ away. You're keeping an open channel between. Amen. But don't set yourself up for failure by setting a standard that God does doesn't. God's not looking at my life and comparing all of it to Christ and saying, "Yes, he matches or no, he doesn't." Our perfections in Christ. We will never have literal perfection in this flesh. So don't try. Don't expect it. It's not going to happen. We're fighting a battle every day and sometimes we win and sometimes we lose. But God's asking us to what? Make our bodies a living sacrifice. Keep our lives clean. Keep our lives sanctified so that he can use us. Amen. That's a reasonable requirement. That's a reasonable ser service from us. But it's up to him to put us into our purpose. Amen. And that's a part of adoption. Then he says, "What if you're doing that?" He says, "Be not conformed to this world." How do you know, church, that you're in your reasonable service? You're not being conformed to the world. You're not taking on their mindset. You're not taking on their issues. You're not taking on their worries. You're not taking on their their their dress, their habits. And man, I've seen too many times how the world has a certain uh style, and what do we do? The sisters will take it and they'll convert it into a skirt style, but it's the same thing. We don't do that. We don't need to do that. Just live your life according to the word. We shouldn't be taking our influence or inspiration from anything this world has to offer. That's for sure. He says, "But what? Be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God." Church, what's he saying? He's saying, "Church, take care of the basics and watch God take care of you. If you'll take care of the basics, if you'll read your Bible, if you'll pray, if you'll keep yourself separated from the word, you'll prove what God's trying to do in this age. That's all we can really do, church. We can't raise ourselves up. We can't give ourselves a rapture. But what we can do is take what he says and obey it just simply day by day. It's a simple, humble, victorious Christian life. Amen. And what happens then is he'll place you and he'll use you to prove what he's trying to do. You'll be the proof. if you'll be the living proof of what God's trying to do in this age. Amen. There's all sorts of parts to our bodies that we have. And each one of us plays a part. And each one of us plays a different part. Hey, you might be a finger and I might be a finger, but I'm a pinky and you're a thumb. Or you might be a pinky and I might be a pinky, but you're on the left hand and I'm on the right. See, we've all got our own place in our position. Individually, we're not the fullness. But as an entire bride body of Christ, we are the fullness of Christ expressed. That's what the scripture says. Amen. That's an amazing thing to think. I can't claim it. You can't claim it. But together we can claim it. That's a wonderful thing that where I have a failure but brother Mark has a victory. I say, "Lord, I'm claiming the victory through brother Mark." You can do that sometimes, church. Listen, we don't all have great strengths. I believe there's victory for things that hold us back. But there's some amongst us that express Christ a little better than others in certain areas. But Brother Matt's got an expression. Sister Amber's got an expression that's different from mine. But together we c we all express Christ. And I can't do it without you and you can't do it without me. But together we can all do it. Amen. That's why it breaks my heart when I see those that aren't aren't here and those that go away and fall away and these different things is because we're potentially missing a part. And we need it here to have the fullness. We're all a part of that perfection that we're talking about. Paul says this. He says as we start to close tonight, he says, "And he is the head of the body, the church. who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleased the father that in him should all fullness dwell. Now remember, we're talking about this three-fold purpose. The first was God could reveal himself to us, and that was through Christ. And God showed himself in many ways in the Old Testament through the lives of the believers. But it was all Christ being shown in those things. We saw a pillar of fire. We saw a burning bush. We saw Melzdc. We saw three angels walking, but one of them was the Lord. saw all these things and that was Christ being revealed. But we saw Christ revealed in a body and then we saw Christ revealed in people as well. It was two different things. Amen. But now he's bringing it together. He says, "Now we've got a head coming down to a body." Amen. And so God poured himself into a standard typical looking human. Jesus was just a regular looking guy. You know, probably look like brother Paul. just normal. Just regular slope shouldered, skinny, weak chin. No, just a normal guy. And God poured himself into that. Amen. And hey, what? He walked and he talked and he spoke and he ate and he slept and he he said things to us and he said hard things and he said nice things and he said jokes and all these different things. And it was God pouring himself into human flesh. And that was the first p purpose. But now the second purpose is this. Because once he's in Christ, now he's trying to do it now in his bride. He says what? He said Christ is the head of the church, the body. And what is the purpose of him stating that? He said so that he can have one thing have the preeminence in the church. The second purpose of God, the second part of this mystery revealing is for Christ to have preeminence in the church. In Ephesians 1, he says, "And he hath put all things under his feet and gave him to be the head over," there's that word again. All church, if you want it all, you got to give it all. He says, "Head over all things to the church, which is his body." Listen to this description of the body. Which is his body, the fullness of him that fillth all in all. The Common English Bible says, "Which is his body?" His body, the church, is the fullness of Christ. He says, "Who fills everything in every way?" Church, can I ask you tonight, has Christ filled everything in every way in your life? I say we probably have some work to do because we're still here. But I say, Lord, have your way. Lord, help me to see those doors that are closed. help me to see areas where I'm holding on where I'm the head instead of you cuz he's preaching to us here and he's saying he's got to have the preeminence so he can fill every part of your life so he can express himself through every part of your life. Now, brother Brandham says it this way. He says revealing himself and having first to reveal himself in Christ the fullness of the Godhead bodily. He says, "And then to bring that fullness of the Godhead bodily into a people that he could have the preeminence, the oversight, the leading." Why? Why does he want to have the Why does he want to be the head? Why does he want to have the preeminence? Why does he want to have oversight? Why does he want to have the leading? He says, "And through that purpose, he achieved a church that he, the fullness of God, might bring to pass every promised word of God in these last days." What did Jesus say? I came to do the will of my father. What's the bride going to say? I came to fulfill what Christ desires. Cuz we're built from the same cloth. We're made of the same metal. He came to do the will. We come to do the will as well. What is it to produce the word? Every promise of the word in this day. He says when he gets the preeminence in the church, the position, his place in the church. Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he also, even more than this shall he do, for I go to my father." He said, "See, that was his purpose. There was the manifestation." Let me say it this way. There is the manifestation. There will be the manifestation. What is it? A continuation of the works of Jesus Christ. What was his work? To do the word that was written of him. That was the will of the father. To fulfill every word. Like I said last service, Jesus never overstepped or underepped his authority. He did exactly what the word said he would do. No more, no less. He never presumed. He was perfectly in the will of the father. You say, "That's beautiful, brother John." Listen to this. He says, "And now today," he wants to get somebody that can so see it that they can let the word, he said, see Jesus so saw it was so perfectly born for the day. Church, you're born for the day. That's what he's trying to get you. See, as Christ was born in the right time, in the right season, in the right place, in the right way, in the right circumstances, so you are born the same way. He says, until God was expressed in every move that he made, he was God's revelation, God revealed. That's what God's trying to get in us, that we could be God revealed all over again. That Christ could be revealed through us. He says, "Now he's sanctified with his spirit and blood, a church that he might make every promise in this last day be revealed." See, we put so much on Christ and what he did and the supernatural power and authority that was there. And he says, "Listen, you're just a continuation of what he was doing. He fulfilled the Old Testament. Now he's got a whole New Testament that has to be fulfilled and you're it. Balls in your court. Are you going to take the shot? Are you going to step step up to the line? How's he going to do it, church? Not in dead letters, but he's going to quicken it by the spirit and make it spirit and life. Amen. It has to be revealed in us, not just to us. The purpose of revealing it to us is so that it can be in us. It's the same thing with God. He's revealed to us so he can be in us. The word is revealed to us so it can be in us and work through us. He says, "Now see, he could go back and pick up what those other fellas had left off here in the last days and by his Holy Spirit reveal all the mystery of the seven seals." He said, "See, he's expressing himself." He's not just talking. He's not just speaking. He's not just delivering a message. He's expressing himself. He says that's his purpose. What are we talking about? Dynamics. Not just setting an order, but starting the engine up. That's what he's trying to do. What did he say? He says, "Go back and pick up what those other fellas had left off there. It started and it never finished. It started in the days of Acts and the book of Acts and the days of the apostles." And what happened? It fell off into these different things. But he says, "Now God's coming. He's picked up that purpose all over again. And he's going to finish what he started." He says that's why he died. That's the second fold of his three-fold manifestation. First to express himself in Christ, then express himself through the church. And the same thing, Christ was the word and the church becomes the word when it lets the word go through them. That word preeminence keeps popping up here. That word preeminence means having first place to be the first in rank or influence. In other words, we're coming back to the place where God is first and everything else is second. Everything else is second. That's when God's going to have the preeminence. If he's everywhere in first except in one place, church, that's not the preeminence. And so, what are we waiting for? We're not just waiting for brother Mark to get him in preeminence and sister Morina in preeminence and sister Justine and Sister Selena. Every one of us has to have him in the preeminence. See, he's waiting on us. That's the only thing we to church. That's where our will comes in. Will I give him the preeminence? Will I let him be first? Will I let him be the primary influence in my life? Will I let him be the only one who's got his hands on the steering wheel? That's what God's looking for in our life. Amen. That's what God's trying to do. That's the place that the bride has been placed. Amen. Where God is first. And that's when the power flows through her. When she'll let the word do the work by the spirit. Amen. And that's us putting us outside of every other influence. Closing our minds to everything. I think it was brother Garfield and I were talking about when life has been brought forth in the womb of a woman, it closes itself to everything else. And that's what you got to do is you got to close yourself to everything but the word of God. Your self-help books, your psychiatrist, the the the ins and outs of this world, the social media, everything. It has to be closed out. And you've got to say, "Lord, it's your word or nothing." That's the only thing that can break this veil. Amen. I'll read one quote as we close. He says, "By one spirit, we're all baptized into one body, and that body is Christ, which is the royal seed of Abraham and heirs to everything that's in it." He says, "Amen. Everything that was in God, God poured into Christ. And everything that was in Christ, he poured into the believer." Amen. God above us, God with us, God in us. He says, "Everything, every promise in the book is yours if you can believe it." He says, "If you have faith enough to accept it and believe it." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this evening. Amen. Next service, we're going to pick up on this thought of the preeminence and see what it means and see what it looks like and what it produces because it's a beautiful thing. It ties to so many things. It ties to leadership. It ties to healing. It ties to salvation. Ties ties itself to deliverance. It ties us to the dynamics to knowing what God wants to do with the word to speaking in the right time and in the right season. So many things come back to that idea of God of Christ having the preeminence in our life. Amen. I'll be honest. I read some of these things, church, and I can't believe it. And by that I mean I can't believe it's for you and I cuz I say, "Lord, why me? Why us?" It's that elective love that we've talked about. Amen. The wonderful things that we could be to the glory of his praise. Amen. Who first loved us. It's a wonderful thing that we have. We are privileged to be believers this evening, church. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Lord God, Lord, how wonderful it is to read, Lord, that you didn't have just a purpose to be above us. You didn't just have a purpose to be with us, Lord. But the great unfolding of your mystery is that you would be in us. Lord, your desire, your plan, Lord. Your purpose, your mystery was that you could live through the lives of believers that will take you at your word, Lord, that will yield themselves to your spirit. Lord, that's my great desire tonight, Lord. I believe it's on the the heart's cry of each one of us, heavenly father, is that you would have the preeminence in our lives, Lord, that you would have, Lord, your way in our lives, that we could run our lives through a filter of your will, of of your way, Lord, of your time and of your season, Lord. and having found it, Lord, that we would stay there and we would hold to there, Lord. That we would press the mark, that we would stay the path, Lord, whatever you've called us to do, Lord, by faith, we keep pressing until we get the victory by your word, through your spirit, Lord. I pray you take these things, Lord. They're deep. They're beyond our comprehension, Lord, how this can ever happen, Lord. But we've seen that you started a work, Lord. How thankful we are that you started a work in our lives. that you've called us out and you've separated us, Lord, but you've separated us out for purpose, Lord. And that's so that you could reveal yourself through us, Lord. Help us, Lord, to be available, Lord. Help us to be an offering to you day by day, Lord. That we could take up that cross daily that we could set aside, Lord, the things that this flesh would desire, Lord, that this world is trying to cram down our throats and into our minds, Lord. And that we could take on the mind of Christ, Lord. that we could surrender ourselves to your word and to your will. Lord, bless your people, Lord. Those that are sick, remembering brother Jeremiah especially tonight, Lord, praying a special grace for him, brother Dale Walsher also. Lord, praying your touch on them, each one we pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Thank you. Oh, yes. before we move too far. So, uh, Brother Karma Mills, of course, will be here this weekend to preach on Sunday, but the Sunday after that will be brother Gideon Gunnawan from Edmonton. Now, he's got an earlier flight out than is usual, so we're going to have church at 10:30 on Sunday, October 5th. There will be no Sunday school that day. We'll just go straight into service that day. So, you should still get here the same time as you usually do. So, you're good and ready for the service to move forward that you can get yourself settled. Amen. But we'll start service at 10:30. The deacon the deacons the deacon will send out an email notifying us this to each one of us to remind us, but we definitely want to have church start 10:30 that morning just so that brother Gideon's not rushed in the service. We don't know how long it would take and so that he can easily make his flight. I think he's leaving around 3:00 in the afternoon. So, it could be tight if uh if we started at usual time. So, amen. remember those those uh services in prayer. Remember our travel as well. Amen. Let's sing that song. Jehovah Gyra my provider. 7:22 [Music] Jehovah Jer. [Music] You're my proider. [Music] You are more than enough for me. Jehovah Rafa, you're my healer. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah Sha, you are with me and you supply all my I need Oh, you are more than enough. More than enough. You are more than enough. for me. Jehovah Gyra, my proer. [Music] For you are more than &gt;&gt; Jehovah Rafa, you're my healer. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah Sha, you are with me. Oh, you supply all my needs. Oh, you are more than enough. more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Power of your love. 797 Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. And Lord, I come to know the weaknesses I see in me. They will be stripped away [Music] by the power of your love. So hold me close and let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near and draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. [Music] And Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face with the knowledge of your love as you live in me. [Music] and Lord renew my mind as your will unfolds in my life in living every day in the power of your Hold me close and let your love surround [Music] me. Oh, bring me near and draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle. [Music] And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Lord, unpale my eyes. Let me see you face to face with the knowledge of your love. that you live in me. Glory renew my mind as your will unfold in my life in living every day. [Music] in the power of your love. Hold me close and let your love surround [Music] me. Oh, bring [Music] me near and draw me to your side. [Music] And as I wait, I'll rise up like eagle [Music] and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. So hold me close and let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near and draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like eagle [Music] and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Amen. Lord, renew my mind. Keep your mind set on him. That's what we need to do, church. Remember the things he said. Keep that in the front of our mind when you wake up in the morning. Put the word in front of you. Get a promise from him. Get a vision from him. Amen. Get a prophecy from him. Read something about yourself and say, "Lord, I want to be that today. Lord, help me to be that today. Lord, you told me I'm going to be that today. Lord, help me to produce it. Amen. And then what do you do? Remember we read that that that quote last scripture. He says, "Stay refreshed in his presence." Amen. Say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus." Show him you're thinking about him. Show him you know you're a child of God. And you'll be surprised how it'll change your day as you're going. Amen. We can't be caught up in just what's happening in life and work and school and all these things. We've got to remember we're children of the king. Amen. He's got something he wants to do in us every day. And if we can keep our mind centered on him, amen, he can do something so special in each one of us. We're going to sing that song as we close. My hope 1088. Brother Vichel, I ask brother Garfield if he would close in prayer tonight. Amen. Again, remember brother Joe and I as we travel away. Remember the services coming this weekend. Amen. Many needs among us, the sick, those that aren't here tonight. Amen. Just trusting God to move. Amen. Let's sing this as Brother Garfield comes. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the sea subides, the living sacrifice, the only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. In his tender mercies come with every rising sun. To meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. And his tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust, hallelujah, thank you, Lord, they'll find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. My hope [Music] is in the Lord forever more. [Music] [Music] Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Father, with humble hearts, we come before you one more time. Lord God, we say thank you, Lord God, for your goodness and for your mercies. Surely, Lord God, you have been an awesome God. An awesome God you are tonight, Lord. Lord God, you have proven yourself to us over and over that your love, Lord God, never fail. And that Lord, you are the unchanging God. Lord God, we thank you tonight, Lord God, for the call and for a heart, Lord God, that we're able to respond to that call, Lord God, in in in a time such as this, Lord, where we see the world, Lord God, and nature and all that is around us, Lord God, is at the brink, oh God, of destruction. And Lord God and hearts are seeking for refuge for somewhere Lord God of assurance and we're here Lord God your children Lord God have heard your voice and they recognize the call of God upon our lives Lord. Lord God we recognize Lord God that it's not because we are good. It's not because Lord God we can present any works of righteousness Lord Lord God but because Lord God Lord you had us in your mind predestinated for the hour and Lord God we cannot get away from it Lord God sometimes we feel so oh God drawn back at all these things Lord but but in our heart there's something calling us Lord the oppressing of a call oh God that goes beyond Oh God, oh mortal strength, Lord. And and so here we are one more time in your presence, Lord God, as we lay our hearts before you, Lord God. We ask as we invite you one more time, Lord, to come, Lord God. The greatest that we can ask for, Lord God, is is that you may come, Lord God, and indwell in our hearts, Lord. And and so God, Lord God, we we present, Lord God, all that we are to you tonight, Lord God, that you will come forth, Lord, and and possess our reign, that you'll take forth, Lord God. And Lord God, Lord, in our weakness, Lord God, in our failures, Lord God, and all that we are, Lord, may your presence, Lord God, bring forth life in us, Lord. And and may, oh God, every dead works, Lord God, bring, oh God, be brought to life, Lord God. Lord God, may our bodies, even our bodies, oh God, as mortal as it as it is unfailing, but may oh God, it be a temple, a place, a dwelling place, oh Lord God, that they'll bring forth your presence, Lord God, in a dying world, Lord God, that from the lips of your children, Lord God, as we speak your word and Lord God, and we speak it because, Lord God, there's a confidence behind it, Lord God, it it was spoken to us, oh God, by a vindicated prophet. And we know it is true, Lord. And and so every word, Lord God, we accept, Lord. And Lord God, and here tonight, Lord, your children, Lord, even those, Lord God, the names that were mentioned, Lord God, for whether for healing or for deliverance, Lord God, wherever, Lord God, they are, what condition, oh God, that binds them tonight, Lord God. Lord, we believe that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever as you have declared it, Lord. You said I'm God and I change it not Lord God you have done healing back then Lord God and we believe that you can do healing today Lord Lord God no matter what the proportionate oh God of the sickness is Lord God you're still heal oh God and you still can change Lord God the natural phenomena of our bodies and Lord God and cause oh God even our bodies to obey our confession Lord Lord God may you come tonight Lord hallelujah and Father God, Lord, as we join our hearts together and we agree together tonight, Lord God, that the petitions, oh God, that we present them before you, Lord God, for your children, oh God, we ask that only handsome Lord, Lord God, we believe tonight, Lord God, that you're more than able, oh God, to do all these things, Lord, and and so God, as your children, Lord God, we we under expectation of the move of God that you'll come on the scene, Lord, and Lord God, and bring forth your word and power, Oh God, may you be Oh God the Oh God, the difference between, oh God, us, Lord God, and the world uh Oh God, may the word that we hear, Lord God, and your the confidence of of your people, Lord God, may come alive, uh, oh God, in hearing of your word, uh, Lord God, and may God, Father, in fulfillment, oh God, and confirmation of your word. Hallelujah. Lord God, may we see, Lord God, the signs and the wonders, oh God, bring forth, uh, oh God, confirmation to the promise, uh, oh God. Hallelujah. Lord God, that we are the children of God. And we believe, oh God, that you're more than able, Lord God, to bring forth every word, Lord God, you're more than able, Lord God, to take it from the pages. Lord God, that we stand a firm believing uh Lord God that you're more than able to do it. Uh oh God, may the virtues of healing, Lord God, hallelujah, flow, oh God, through your people tonight, uh Lord God, our father, may good, Hallelujah. Oh God, there be great testimony among your people, Lord God. That Lord God, that you are not dead, but Lord, you're alive among us, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord God we pray God him for a brother or pastor Lord God as he travel as he journey Lord God wherever Lord God he goes Lord we ask for your divine guidance upon his life uh Lord God whatever Lord God is preempt to do Lord God whatever word where whatever position that he will be standing in Lord God we ask for your grace upon his life and may your Holy Spirit go before him and and prepare the way Lord God and Hallelujah Lord God and may God, it will be in accordance to your perfect will. Uh, Lord God, we're trusting Lord God in your divine grace tonight. Uh, Lord God, even for, oh God, our service on Sunday, our brother that will travel, Lord God, to speak your word, uh, Lord God, we're asking from tonight, Lord God, as our hearts are united for this cause, uh, Lord God, may you come anointed, Lord God, by your Holy Spirit to speak into the heart, speak into the life, uh, Lord God. And may a word, oh God, bring forth a difference, Lord God, in the life of your children, Lord God. Bless your people tonight, Lord. Lord God, we say thank you, Lord God, because we believe that all that we ask for in prayer believing, Lord God, you're here, Lord God, and your answer. And so God, we thank you for hearing. We thank you for answering. We thank you for coming overseeing. We thank you for speaking to us tonight. Uh we thank you, Lord God, for the inspiration. We thank you, Lord God, for your divine presence, Lord God. We thank you for healing. We thank you Lord. Uh hallelujah. Father, may you bless us Lord as we commit our lives into your hands. And we say thank you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. And we say amen and amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
