################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-18 - 20250917 - The Token Life Pt 84 - The Restoration Message Pt 5  - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-18
Title:    20250917 - The Token Life Pt 84 - The Restoration Message Pt 5  - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqISTgMW2Zs
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1orCMaAB2OqBPk_yUX0pCGiv2_DTQZVV2/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hello. Do you [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Let's stand. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing, "I love you, oh I love you, man." Sing it again. In moments like these, I sing out the love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. I love you. One more time. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. [Music] In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. [Music] and love you. Amen. Want to welcome everyone here this evening. Uh Sister Darlene, good to see you, sister with us tonight. Some of the prayer requests, uh I guess Mary Beth is still recovering. Mary Beth is here. Good to have you back, Mary Beth. Praise the Lord for that. Um Jeremiah's back doing well. Yeah, Chad's working. Is he? Yeah. Oh, he'll be here. Yeah. Praise the Lord. All right. So, good to have the whole family back and um those who couldn't make it tonight, want to keep them in prayer. You might have saw the prayer request for Sister Ellsworth. So, just keep her in prayer as they just continue to try to um help her and uh diagnose the issue there. I want to continue to keep Brother Dale and Sister Lorie in prayer. uh Sher Lynn Piery, the saints around the island, uh some of the other needs. Brother David had mentioned and sister Cordella uh brother Nelson want to pray grace to all those needs. Let's uh sing let's sing 871 in the presence of Jehovah and a vital to open prayer [Music] in and out of situations. A tug of war in me. All day long I struggle [Music] for the answer to my needs. Then I come into his presence and all my questions become clear. And for that sacred moment, no doubt can enter [Music] in the presence of Jehovah. over God Almighty, prince of peace, trles, [Music] hearts of ended. Thank you Lord in the presence [Music] of the king. Through his love, the Lord provided a place for us to rest. A place to find the answers. Amen. Thank you, Lord. in the hour of distress. Now there's never any reason [Music] for you to keep up in despair. Just slip away and breathe his name. He will surely meet you there. [Music] of Jehovah God Almighty, Prince of Peace, trles and years. Hearts are mening [Music] in the presence of the king. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for getting us all here. Lord, thank you for one more chance to listen to your word. Lord, we pray to you, Lord Jesus. Please bless brother John's. Lord, help him to speak. Lord, what you for what you have for him to speak, Lord. Bless us, Lord, to receive your word, Lord. Help us to recognize it for us Lord to receive it. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for those who are sick. Lord, please be with brother Dale. Lord, please bless Father Paul also with his recovery. Lord, we pray to you Lord to bless sister Lorie Snow. Lord, help sister Violet too. Lord, help them Lord through their situation. We invite you into their service, Lord. Please be with us, Lord. May your presence be with us and amongst us. Lord, we love you and praise you in Jesus name. [Music] Sing number 307. Let's talk about Jesus. Let's talk about Jesus. The King of Kings is he, the Lord of Lords, Supreme throughout eternity. The great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Let's talk about Jesus. Let all the world proclaim the power and majesty of such a wonderous name. The babe of Bethlehem, the bright and morning star. Let's sing his praises. Dear and far, let's talk about Jesus, the bread of life. Is he the savior of the world, the man of Galilee, the prophet, priest and king, the mighty God is he, the well of living water free. Let's talk about Jesus, the prince of peace. He the great physician too down through all history. The lily pure and white, the rose of Sharon and fair, the shepherd of such tender care. Let's talk about Jesus, the rock of aes. He the lamb for sin slain. That man of Calary, the great Emmanuel, the word of God sublime. He is our bride group so divine. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of lords? Supreme throughout eternity. The great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus and more. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord wonderful? Eyes have seen, ears, have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful man. What a wonderful wonderful love. brought our Savior to earth be and our sins which were scared are cleansed for his blood washes wher than snow. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful eyes not seen. Yes, have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. There was wonderful power in his word. For he spoke and the sea was still. All the halts and the blind were made whole. Evil spirits obeyed his great will. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord wonderful? I have seen as have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord wonderful? When he left, he come again. Every promise he made is true. And the power that was his maybe ours. Greater works than all these shall you do. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen. Yes, I've heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful that they all may be one was his prayer. Oh, what wisdom and love ser that we all may be one man. Wanted spirit came in the time. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Amen. Amen. Let's sing number 451. His yoke is easy. [Music] The Lord is my share, but I shall not want. He maketh me down to lie. [Music] In pastures green he death be the quiet yet wers by. [Music] His yoke is easy. his word in his lies. I found it so. I found it so he just be by day and by night where living water flow. Let's speed it up a little bit. And my soul cryth, how restore me again, and give me the strength to take him out the narrow path of righteousness. [Music] snare seen for thy whole name sake. His yoke is easy. His burden, his light, I found it so. I found it so he has be by day and by night where living heaven wers flow though I should walk the Valley of death. Yet what should I fear from my glory? For thou art with me, and thy rod and staff support me still. His yoke is easy. His burden is life. I found it so I found it so he [Music] be by day and by night where waterers flow. Yay. Though I should walk the valley of death, and what should I fear from it? For thou art with me, and thy arand staff support me still. His yoke it easy. His burden is light. But I found his home. I found his home. He test feet by day and by night where living waterers flow. My soul cryth and restore me again and give me the strength to take the narrow path of rightuousness waiting for thy own name sake. Come and help us. His yoke is easy. His burden is light. I found it so I found it. So he leads me by day and by night will liveing [Music] allers flow. [Music] And his yoke is easy. His burden is light. I found it so. I found it. He test by day and by night where living waterers flow. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's stand and we're going to sing uh 9:17 in Christ alone. [Music] [Music] In Christ alone will I glory. So I could pride myself in battles won. For I've been blessed beyond measure and only by your strength I overcome. And oh, I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. But these trophies would not equal to the grace by which I stand in Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength. My source of hope is Christ alone. Christ alone will I glory. For only by his grace I am redeemed. Only here's tender mercies to reach beyond my weakness to my knees. And now I seek no greater honor than just to know him more and to count my kings and crosses to the glory of my lord. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory let it be said on me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. And Christ alone will I self in battles won. For I've been blessed beyond measure. Only by his strength I overcome. [Music] And oh, I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hands. But those trophies would not equal to the grace by which I stand. In Christ the Lord I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. Hallelujah. Lord, that is certainly our testimony tonight. Lord, that we can do all things through Christ which strengthen us. Lord, you're the way maker. Lord, you're the lead. You're the guide. You're the shepherd. You're the great physician. Lord, you are the provider. You're our Jehovah Gyra. Lord, you are our all in all tonight, Lord. And we're resting in your finished work. We're resting in your word, Lord. We're resting in your predestinated plan for each and every one of us tonight. And Lord, we're gathered here once again, Lord, to hear what you would have for us. Lord, that you would draw our eyes to your scripture, Lord. That it would point us to where we're at. Lord, that it would prepare us for what's coming tomorrow. Lord, that it would let us to see what you're doing in this age, Lord. What you're doing in this time and the part that we each one play in it, heavenly father, Lord, we don't want to put it off to another day, another time, another season, another person, Lord, but we want it to be personal tonight, Lord, that we could see what you're doing in our lives, Lord. Speak to your people, Lord. Take this message, take these thoughts, Lord, and may you just speak them, Lord, in a way that would anchor in the hearts and souls, Lord, of the hearer tonight. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we're asking it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to John chapter 3 tonight. John chapter 3. Amen. Good to see each one. Good to see sister Darlene here with us tonight. Amen. God bless you. Appreciate you coming out on a Wednesday night with us. Amen. We want to remember Sister Violet Ellsworth in particular. Certainly in a bit of a rough spot there tonight. Amen. And I was just praying for her today and I said, "Lord, just grant her grace. Keep pain away. just keep her in comfort. Amen. God's got a time and a season for all things. But our prayer is that he would grant her comfort while she's there. Amen. In whatever may happen, but we seek her healing. Amen. We seek God's grace there. Then remember brother Paul as well. He's been sick since uh Sunday night, Monday morning. Amen. And still not uh quite back with us. So we want to remember him as well. Amen. John chapter 3:3. Very familiar story. We'll just read a portion before we get into the word this morning or this evening. It says, "There was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews that came to Jesus by night and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God, for no man can do these miracles that thou doest except God be with him." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats again this evening. Amen. We're preaching the last service on this thought of the restoration message. We took this little detour away from our thought on the mystery finished and we had to preach about why there's even a mystery to be finished and how it's going to come and these different things. Amen. And so we spoke last service about the son of man ministry of Jesus Christ while he was here in flesh. Amen. 2,000 years ago in that prophetic anointing that discerns the thoughts and intents of the heart and tells people things about themselves. And the point remember was not to wow the people. That's never what God send signs and wonders for. for not to make people go. No, it's to catch their attention and it's to prepare them for what God really wants to do. And that's to reach into their lives. Amen. And do something with them. And God used a tremendous healing ministry and a and a discerning ministry through brother Brandon for decades. But the point was to get the people's attention for what was really his true intended purpose when he came in that final Son of Man ministry in this age. Amen. And I want to take us back to the original son of man ministry to Jesus ministry to see how he dealt with people and how his ministry changed and how it grew. And we know that Jesus was trying to turn a corner in that day. Amen. They've been going along for such a long while in the teachings and the of men and the doctrines of men and the traditions of men. And he was trying to get them to turn a corner. And that corner was into a new gospel. And it was into a gospel of grace. And it was a gospel of leadership of the Holy Spirit and these different things. But he's got to do the same thing today. Amen. And the son of man ministry came to turn a corner then and it came today to turn a corner as well. And so we see what they did then they'll do today. What he did then he'll do today. And they'll have the same responses for each different group that's represented there. But we opened up with this story of Nicodemus coming to Jesus. And I always have to smile a bit because Nicodemus comes. He says, "Hey, we know that you're a man sent from God, but he comes at night. lest anybody hear him say that he thinks that he is a man that's been sent from God that God is with him. But I want to just go through this bit by bit because it kind of points to where the son of man ministry goes and how he preaches and how he says things. It says there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. That same came to Jesus by night and said unto him, "Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God. For no man can do these miracles that thou doest except God be with him." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." So watch now. He comes, he says, "Jesus, we know you're that God is with you." And Jesus immediately says something to challenge his belief of whether or not God is with him. Amen. That phrase born again had never been used in the scripture before this. It's not written in the in the books of Moses. It's not written in the the law and the prophets. Amen. It's never been spoken. Now Jesus comes and he uses a new phrase with Nicodemus. And church, Nicodemus didn't come trying to make a a mess of Jesus. He didn't come trying to trick him. He came in sincerity. He came with good questions. Amen. And Nicodemus saith unto him, "How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?" So Nicodemus has no clue what this this idea of being born again is all about this concept that Jesus is telling him about. says, "And Jesus answered and said unto him, verily, verily, I say unto thee, now he said, except a man be born again." Now he says, "Except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God." He says, "That which is born of flesh is flesh, and that which is born of spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto thee, ye must be born again." So Jesus is going a little further. He's explaining what he was talking about and he's trying to see if Nicodemus will catch where he's coming from in the scripture. He says, "The wind bloweth where it listeth and thou hearest the sound thereof, but can't not tell whence it cometh and whether it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit." In other words, when somebody is led by the spirit, there's no nothing to tell you why they're doing what they're doing. It may not make sense. It may not have rhyme or reason. They're doing it and it's no there's no idea why they're doing it. He says that's what people are like that are born of the spirit. Now he's telling them what being born again is. He says he has to be born of water and of spirit. Now that's the word and the spirit. That's how we are born again. People will preach that and they say, "Well, that's water baptism." But church, we're not born of water. We're not born of water. We're born of the word because we got to be born as Christ was born. He was born by a word and then he was born by the spirit. Amen. He was born by the word. Amen. A virgin shall conceive. His name will be called wonderful counselor, mighty God, everlasting father. His name will be called Jesus. And that which is in you will be by what? The Holy Spirit. He was born by a word spoken. And then he the spirit brought him to life. Amen. And we were born of the word just as Jesus was. We are born of the word because our names were written in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. And then the Holy Spirit comes and quickens us into new life. And we're a new creation in Christ then. Amen. We're the fulfillment of the word. It's where we come from and so we must fulfill it. Amen. But he says we have to be born of the water and the spirit, the word and the spirit. It says, "And Nicodemus answered and said unto him, how can these things be?" Nicodemus still doesn't get what Jesus is talking about. And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Art thou a master of Israel and knowest not these things?" Church, Jesus isn't just pulling doctrine out of thin air. He's not making stuff up on the spot. He's preaching out of the word that's already been given to that man. He's preaching the new birth. You go back to Ezekiel 36 and it shows you exactly what it is. The sprinkling of clean water. Amen. It's the washing of water by the word and then by the spirit. It's the spirit of God coming inside of the believer. Amen. It's all there. And he says, "Listen, you're a master of Israel. Today we'd say you're a doctor of divinity and you don't know what I'm talking about. How is it possible that you don't know what I'm talking about? That's what Jesus is saying to him. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, we speak that we do know and testify that we have seen, and you receive not our witness." Jesus says, "Listen, I'm not just talking about this. I am proof of a birth by word, by water, and by spirit." I know what it is because I'm a product of it. I have I have been born the way that you've got to be born again. I'm not just making it up. He says, "This is stuff that we know about and we're talking about." He says, "If I have told you earthly things and you believe not, how shall you believe if I tell you heavenly things?" In other words, if they couldn't take what Jesus did in the physical, in the natural, that was obvious, that was clear, if they couldn't believe that, he says, "How are you going to believe something you can't see that you have to take by faith?" Remember what brother Bram says? He says, "You can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things. You can't teach somebody algebra if they don't know their ABCs." And he's saying, "Nicodemus, how is it that you don't even understand the ABCs?" Because what he was doing is he was trying to show Nicodemus they were at a junction in time, that there was a changing of the dispensation, that there was a changing in the way they were going to believe, the way they were going to worship, the way they were going to function. He says, "You got to have a new birth. This kingdom you're looking for is going to come by water and by spirit. That's what you're looking for. You're not coming, it's not going to come by the Romans being kicked out. It's going to come a different way." And why doesn't Nicodemus get it, church? He's a master of Israel. He's got a an LLD. He's got a doctor of divinity. He's been st taught in their best seminaries. He's been studying this all his life in sincerity. And why doesn't he understand it? Because they've been preaching, teaching for doctrines, the commandments of men. And so what he's been feeding on is the understanding of men rather than the understanding of God. He's been steeped in what they've had th hundreds and hundreds of years to build up. And they they're so set in tradition. They're so set in stone. They're so set in what the church has always said and that that when Jesus comes with a revelation of what that word really meant, he doesn't have a clue what he's talking about. And it blows his mind. He says, "How how is this even possible? How is this going to be? How does this even work?" Remember when Jesus was in the temple just before he he goes for his crucifixion, remember he had to be examined by the priests for days on end. And then they they declared him they found no fault in him. Amen. And they come to him with these these trick questions and these these fake questions and they make up a scenario and try and trip him up. Amen. And they always remember when they came to Jesus church, they weren't looking for truth. They were looking to trip him up. Now, let me tell you today, if you see somebody's just talking to you to try and trip you up, what do you do? Turn around and walk away. Disengage. Disengage. There's no reason to talk to somebody who's trying to trip you up. But if they come in sincerity, you can answer. And their attitude will prove how they're coming. Amen. But they were not coming to receive truth. They were coming to try and trip him up to get him to say something that they could use against him that they could weaponize and say, "Aha, this is who he really is. This is what he really believes. People have nothing to do with him." Remember what they did? They they said, "Hey, Jesus, a man got married. He had a wife and he died and they didn't have kids. Now he had six other brothers and so the way they did it back in those days was that the brother would go have relation with the wife to try and cause her to have a child so that the family name could carry on. He said so the next brother came in and married her and died with no children and they went down through the line. So in the end seven brothers had married the same woman had all been intimate with her and they said and then finally the woman died. So you have seven men dead, you have the woman dead, they're up in heaven. Who's married to her? Whose wife is she? Now, that's a good question, but it's a pretty awkward situation to be dealing with in church. But they're just trying to trip Jesus up. But watch what Jesus says now. Now, we're talking about the son of man ministry. I want you to catch what's going on here because it's got to happen again in our day. And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Ye do not knowing the scriptures nor the power of God." I love that. He says, "You don't know the word and you don't know the power of God." These are the Sadducees that are asking this because the Sadducees didn't even believe in the resurrection. He says, "And you're asking me about a doctrine you don't even believe in." He says, "You don't know the scriptures. Resurrection's in the scriptures if you see it. You don't believe in the resurrection. So why are you asking me about the resurrection? If you don't believe what I believe, then why are you asking me about what I believe?" But he says not only that you don't believe you don't know the power of God because your belief your unbelief what you believe what you've accepted as your your religion has completely nullified the power of God to do anything according to his word in your life. He says you don't have a clue because you've already decided what is right and what is true and therefore God can't work with you. He says for in the resurrection they neither marry nor are given in marriage but are as the angels of God in heaven. There's no marriage between people up in heaven. Why? Because we're married to Christ. It's the bride and Christ. It's not relationship between myself and Blanca. We're now a part of the bride. And we're all married to Christ. Okay? He says, answer number one. Then he says, "But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have you not read that which was spoken of you by God, saying," Now, I want you to see this. This is such a simple answer, church. How would you answer to them and say, "What about the the the resurrection? How do we know that there's a resurrection? How do we know that there's something beyond this death? And Jesus goes and he pulls one simple phrase. I don't believe any theologian today, I don't believe any of us would have come up with this answer. But the word knows the word. And he says, don't you know what God said? He said, I am the God of Abraham and the God of Jacob, or sorry, the God of Isaac and the God of Jacob. God is not the God of the dead, but of the living. His point is that God said, "I am the God of Abraham after Abraham was dead. I am the God of Jacob after Jacob was dead. I am the God of Isaac after Isaac was dead." He says, he didn't say, "I was the God." He says, "I am the God." Even after they're dead, I am still their God. He says, why is that? Because God is a God of the living, not the God of the dead. He says they're alive elsewhere. Death is just a portal to another dimension. They're waiting over there. They're alive. He's still their God. They're still his children. What a simple answer to such a huge concept. I am the God of the living. He says, "That's the proof of the resurrection." How simple is that? That's what the son of man ministry does is he goes and he will just take that simple thing and say, "There's your proof." And they had no answer to it. They had no answer to it. It says, "But look at this." He said, "But when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine." Amen. Jesus was dealing with men that didn't believe the promise of the word. They didn't believe in the supernatural. And therefore, they ridiculed the idea of any of those things happening in real life. Amen. It was beyond their limited imagination. Their foregone conclusions about what the word meant limited them from experiencing the fullness of it. So what did Jesus do? He answers them in simplicity from the very word that they profess to believe. and he proves them wrong. Amen. But they have no response. Why? Because they hadn't been taught a response. All they knew was their creeds and their dogmas. And he undid it with one simple phrase. I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And you know what they did? They went, "Huh? Yeah, whatever." And walked away. They walked away. What is it? They had all the prophets to read from. Church, they were working with the same material Jesus had. the exact same material. Jesus never came and added one word. He preached out of the same Bible, out of the same scriptures that they had. They had the same material, but they had lost the reality of the word by their own traditions. And when the reality came, they couldn't accept it. Amen. They were so secure in their in their religion, their self-proclaimed righteousness, that when righteousness itself came their way, when the fulfillment of the word came their way, they couldn't accept it. Let me put it this way, church. There's a difference between religion and truth. There's a difference between your beliefs and faith. Amen. There's a difference between theology and the word of God. Amen. And what we see here is a prime example of that. He was making it very obvious what these men had. Amen. That what they had was nothing more than religious hot air. That's all it was. They had nothing redeeming about them in their teachings and in their way of life. Look what Jesus Look what it said after Jesus had finished preaching earlier in Matthew. It says it came to pass when Jesus had ended these things the people were astonished at his doctrine. Why are they astonished church? It says for he taught them as one having authority and not as the scribes. Oh man, that would be the worst if somebody came in and said, "Boy, he preaches so different than brother John. He preaches like he knows what he's talking about. That would that would cut me to the core. That would hurt. I don't mind if you say somebody's more dynamic than me because that's not hard. But if they say, "Boy, he preaches in a way that shows us that he knows what he's talking about and brother John, he just doesn't do that." That would hurt. And that's what Jesus did there is that people said, "Boy, he preaches in a way we've never heard before. He preaches like he really knows what he's talking about, like he's experienced it, like he has it." Amen. Jesus wasn't one to back down from calling things the way they were. But you'll see that anytime somebody came in sincerity, in humility, or with a real need, he always responded. Jew or Gentile, it didn't matter. If they came in sincerity and humility with a real need, he always responded well. What he didn't respond well to was people that were full of themselves. people that had all the answers or people that were insincere in their requests and were looking for affirmation rather than a change in their life rather than to let truth do the work rather people that were too dignified to admit that they were wrong. He'd say this to the Bible scholars and priests of that day and says and the father himself which has sent me borne witness of me for ye have neither heard his voice at any time nor seen a shape. He says, "And you have not his word abiding in you." Now, this is one of the most critical thoughts you'll find when it comes to how do you know a believer. Watch how Jesus proves that they don't have the word of God in them. He says, "For whom he has sent him you believe not." See, everyone's pointing to God up there. And when God comes down with a message, they turn it off. Why? Because they've already got their own message. They've got their own gospel. They've got their own religion. And they've got their own creeds, dogmas, the theology, all these different things. Amen. And so today, what do they say? I believe God's word. I believe Jesus. I've accepted him as my savior, savior. And then God sends down his messenger with a message. And what do they do? They turn him away. Why? Because they don't have his word abiding in their heart. They've got something else in there. Amen. That they reject the word that God sends. And that is the proof that they don't have the word abiding in them. He says, "Listen, search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me." This is what I tell people to do, church. I say, if you've got questions, study the scriptures. Don't study your church theology. Go study from Genesis to Revelation and pull what you believe all the way through there. I said, ba, I say better than that. Don't pull what you believe. go look for what the scripture says about it and then make your belief based on what the scripture says. If you go in with a foregone conclusion, you're probably not going to find it. But if you really want to know what it says, if you really want to know what it means, pull it from Genesis to Revelation and those scriptures will line up. We can't cherrypick scriptures. And I hope you've seen that as I've done this little short five-part series on on a restoration message and why we believe in a prophet these things. I haven't shied away from scriptures that people use to try and disprove it. But scripture lines upon scripture, word upon word, line upon line, and they've all got to build a picture that agrees with itself. Amen. We can't be scared to do that. He says, "And you will not come to me." He says, "That ye might have life." I was talking to a man last year over a couple of months, and he'd reached out to me. He had many spiritual questions, many scriptural questions. He had some some personal issues he wanted me to talk to him about. And then then he said, "Hey, while I've got you on the phone, can I can I ask you just some some Bible questions?" I said, "Sure." He says, "Does does the true church go through the tribulation?" He says, "We're doing a Bible study. We're doing these Bible studies. We do these three-hour Bible studies." He said, "And we're we're doing a study on the tribulation." He says, "And we've got a mixed group here. We've got some people saying that we don't go through the tribulation, some that we go through partway through the tribulation, and some that we are we we go we we we're we're taken away at the end of it." I said, "Well, it's got to go before. You've got to go before." I said, "We're we were judged in Christ." And I went through all these scriptures with him ju just off the top of my head. And he said, "You know what I like?" He says, "What I like," he says, "sort giving me scriptures from the whole Bible." He says, "Cuz when we're studying, we're just looking at one little portion." Now, that's okay. I said, "That's okay, cuz sometimes you're getting into the depths of it. But if you have a Bible question, you got to get a Bible answer, not just a one verse answer." Now, there may be things in the scripture that are only mentioned once. Do we throw them away? No. God mentioned them. They're good. Amen. that's good enough for us. But he he said, "That's what I like." He said, "Is that we're so stuck in this one little spot that we aren't getting an answer and we finish after three hours and nobody knows what's right and what's wrong." He says, "But you've given me an answer through the entire scripture." He said, "I appreciate that." We talked about jud uh the original sin and godhead and these different things. And and and so I just when I was studying this, I actually went through and I reread everything I wrote to him and and I put a lot of time and effort into I put hours of study into it to just reconfirm to him why I believe what I believe in these different things. Amen. But in the end, he rejected what I had to say about so many things. He said, I notice, he says, you quote this this this this William Brandham a lot in your services. He listened to some of our services. I said, 'Yes, I do. He says, 'Well, I don't agree with everything he says. I said, ' Okay, why not? Well, da da da da da. I said, 'But where are your scriptures for that?' And I we, you know, Godhead was a real sticking point. Original sin was was impossible for him to accept. But I said, if you can't answer my questions about the original sin, which I've answered to you by the Bible, I said, you got some serious issues with what you believe. I said, 'How can you answer these these these these questions I raise unless it it it is through the original sin as I've described it. He says, 'I don't know. I just believe it was a simple test of faith, simple test of obedience. Do it or don't do it. I said, but there's so much that comes out of that. There's so many things that Jesus said. There's things that are in the genealogies. There's things that Paul said in these different things. I said, these all point to this. I said, 'What are you going to do with that? He said, 'Well, I just I can't accept it. Why, church? Because where he is, they don't preach what I preach. And it's that simple. He's in a a I wouldn't call denominations. It's kind of a semi-independent group. And I listened to to just some portions of what his pastor preached, and it was generally good, solid, basic Christian preaching. But when you start getting into specifics, they fall apart. When you start getting into the book of Revelation, they don't have a clue. And what you find out is that they really don't have a clue about much, unfortunately. But his problem was, this is too different from what I'm hearing. There's no way it could be this. What a shame. But I'll tell you this, church. His attitude was wonderful. His spirit was wonderful. I don't write him off because he's rejected it. By no means do we write people off because they reject it the first time. Listen, I know of a brother in Quebec that was in the message and he walked away from it and he spent 25 years seeking for truth only to come right back to the message and say, "I had it all along and didn't know it." Church is not over till it's over. As long as we're here, God is still calling people. The only thing holding him back is that the last one isn't in. And I say, "Praise the Lord." That means there's a chance for our loved ones. Amen. But we aren't there to judge people because they turn us down the first time. Listen, God's got a time and a season for every one of his children to come in. Remember that woman, Brother Brandham saw on the other side of uh on the on the other side of the curtain of time. And the young woman came up to him and she greeted him. He says, "Do I know you?" She said, "You led me to Christ." And she was over 90 years old. over 90 years old and she finally gave her heart to Christ and she was there. Look at the thief on the cross, church, a few hours before he died, seemingly in a hopeless condition, lost in sin, judged for his mistakes, and God puts himself on the cross right next to him and says, "Today you'll be with me in paradise." What a wonderful thing. What a wonderful thing. Amen. But people are scared away because they hear something they haven't heard before. And we saw it in Jesus day. Look what Jesus preached. And I know I preached on this many times, so I'm not going to belabor it tonight, but just to set a pattern here this morning or this evening. He said, "Then Jesus said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you, except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Who so eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood hath eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He that eateth my flesh and drinkketh my blood dwelleth in me, and I in him. How do you think that one went over, church? It says, "As the living father hath sent me, and I live by the father, so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me. This is that bread which came down from heaven. Not as your fathers did eat mana and are dead. He that eateth of this bread shall live forever." He said these things said he in the synagogue. This was in church. This is in public. This is not to the disciples church. This is wide open for everyone to hear. He's having a set of special meetings and this is what he preaches on. He says this things he said in the synagogue as he taught in Compernum. Amen church. He's preaching what sounds like a cannibal cult. A cannibal cult. Can you imagine how that went over? Like a lead balloon is what we would say. It ain't going to float. Watch what it says. Many there of his disciples when they had heard it said, "This is a hard saying. Who can hear it?" That word hard means harsh. It's severe, abrasive. In other words, it's like trying to swallow sand. I don't know if you've ever swallowed sand. I know many of our young people have as very young children. Sand doesn't go down easily. It sticks in your throat. It doesn't go down because it's dry and it clings, makes you cough, it makes your your your throat raspy. Nobody wants to eat sand of their own valition. Not once they know what it means. They said, "This is like swallowing sand." It says, "When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, does this offend you? What and if you shall see the son of man descend up where he was before. It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profiteth nothing. He said the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. He did not say the miracles. He did not say the signs and wonders. He says my words are spirit and life. And there are some of you that believe not. He says for Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believe not. From the beginning, he knew it, church. And yet he called them my disciples. Yet he gave them a ministry of healing, of signs and wonders, casting out devils, raising the dead, even preaching the the the the gospel of repentance. He says, "And I know I knew who believe not and who should betray him." He knew the one who should betray him and he knew all of them that didn't believe. But he didn't turn them away, did he? church. God doesn't have to turn us away. We'll turn away of our own accord if we're not his. That's what he's saying. He's saying, "I didn't turn you down. I let you come in. I let you have a part of this ministry." But watch this. And he said, "Therefore said I unto you that no man can come unto me except it were given unto him of the Father." Church, I don't like to see people reject the word. None of us do. When we give a witness, when we give a testimony, when we share what we believe and somebody turns it down, none of us like it. But the simple fact is not everyone's called to it. It's the unfortunate truth. Amen. Not everyone has a name that was written in the lamb's book of life. He says from that time many of his disciples, church, you notice what it says. It didn't say they left him. Says they went back. They went back to what they had left. They went back to dead religion. They went back to powerless churches. They went back to traditions of men. Scripture says, "As a dog to its vomit." That's what they did. They went back to the thing that they had already said, "It doesn't hold what we're looking for." What a shame. Why, church? What pushed them away? Not the signs and wonders, not the loaves and the fishes, not the raising the dead. His words, his doctrine. They couldn't handle his doctrine. Amen. He's preaching eternal life here and they couldn't take it. Says from that time many of his disciples went back back and walked no more with him. Then said Jesus unto the twel will ye also go away. Then Simon Peter answered unto him, Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life. Church, Peter had no clue what Jesus was talking about here. No clue whatsoever. But he said, I'm sticking with you because you're the one that has the words of eternal life. He says, "And we believe and are sure that thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Now, I'm setting a pattern here. And the pattern is that Jesus in his son of man ministry, he comes, he declares a time, he declares a season. Remember his first sermon. What does he preach out of? Isaiah 61. The spirit of the Lord is upon me and has anointed me to preach the glad tidings and to set the captives free and and these all of these different things. And what did he do, church? He preached it and then he demonstrated it, didn't he? He went out and he healed the sick. He set the captives free. He raised the dead. He did everything that Isaiah 61 said he was going to do. Why was it to prove that he was the real deal? But after a while, what did he do? He moved into his other scriptural purposes. He had to prepare them for the Holy Ghost. He had to prepare them for the corner that was coming up. He had to prepare them for the day of Pentecost. He had to prepare them for Jubilee. He had to break them free from the shackles of what men had done to them through hundreds and hundreds of years of teaching the law and the prophets incorrectly. Amen. Church, look at what he preached. Now, put your spiritual thinking caps on. What did he preach? He preached on the future home. He preached on oneness and godhead. Amen. He preached on holiness. He preached on the resurrection. He preached on the token. Amen. Are you hearing what I'm saying tonight? He came and he preached all these things they had no clue about. And while he was preaching it, they had no idea. But what they did find out later was they were a part of it. He's preaching it and they don't have a clue. Even his disciples don't have a clue. And it would say later on they remembered. Oh, that's right. That's what he said. Now I get it. Remember on the way to Emmas, he's telling them all these things that were going to happen, showing in the scriptures what had to happen. They're like, oh wow. It's amazing. Amen. And when he started to preach those things, strange fire, doctrine they never heard, that's when they walked away. By the end of it all, church, Jesus had 120 followers. Thousands upon thousands ate the fishes and loaves. Thousands upon thousands were healed. You go read through the the the four gospels and you'll find places where crowds came to Jesus and the scripture says he healed them. Everyone. Everyone. Nobody went away. Not healed. Nobody went away not delivered. Nobody went away unfed. Church. But when he started preaching the depths of the word, that's when they started walking away. Those that claimed they believed him, those that claimed that they knew who he was, they walked away when he started preaching strange things. Let me remind you what Paul said of his own ministry. Remember what happened. He's standing before Felix and he says this. He says, "But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which who calls car heresy, church? After the way which they call heresy, who the people that laid charges against them, the ones that brought them before the magistrate and these different things, the way that they call heresy, so worship I, the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets." See, he's drawing a distinction. He says, "They believe in the law and the prophets, and I believe in the law and the prophets, but my way is not their way. What I believe is called heresy by them. We're both preaching out of the same law and the prophets. We're both preaching out of the Old Testament." He says, "But my way is called heresy by everybody else." That word heresy means sect. It means a body of people following beliefs of their own choosing. He says, "That's what they call us. They call us a sect." church. What would they call his his beliefs today? A cult. That's the simple truth. I don't like to say that, but today people call us a cult because we believe things that they call heretical heresy. Things that we've made up. And the the sad fact is it's completely opposite. They've made everything up. And there's a small body of truth, small body of believers that will hold to that truth. And they're the ones that are called the heretics. Amen. Paul would have been the weird Christians today. Him and his group, the weird ones. Amen. I'm not trying to make us into that. But the simple fact is when Jesus Christ came and preached, they rejected it. When the apostles came and preached, most of them rejected it. When Paul came and preached, they almost exclusively rejected it. And then he went to the Gentiles, and yes, some of them took it, but many rejected it. The truth is more often rejected than accepted. Amen. What's the problem? Jesus said, "The problem is you don't have the word abiding in you to start. You've got something else." Amen. That's the simple truth. Jesus said, "My sheep know my voice and they follow me." That's it. Amen. That's the identifier. I'm not here to judge people. People turn us down. That's okay. That's between them and God. But at some point, the line is going to be drawn. The door is going to be closed and let him that filthy be filthy still and let him that holy be holy be holy still. There's going to come a time where God says enough is enough. I don't put the timeline down. I don't close the door. He does it. I keep preaching the doors open. I'll keep preaching till I'm out of here. The door is open. Amen. But I spent half a service now setting us up on this thought of the restoration message on this this idea of the son of man ministry coming back. And so if Christ was in the son of man ministry there, which he was, then when he comes back, we can expect the pattern to repeat all over again. Do you believe that? Amen. That's the way the Bible works. The way it is is the way it keeps happening over and over and over again. There's nothing new under the sun. Amen. If the son of man came the first time and was rejected, what's going to happen the second time, church? A worldwide revival is going to go and sweep up everybody. No, he's going to be rejected all over again. Amen. It would be so bad. The scripture says that when the son of man comes, will he find faith on the earth? Remember what Elijah said? He says, "I alone am left. There's nobody believes you anymore, Lord." And and God said, "Listen, I've got 7,000 that have not bowed the knee to Baal." But they're spread out everywhere, Elijah. That's why you don't know. They're all over the place. It's not the massive church. It's not a big denomination. And it's not a big group of people, but it's a little light here, and it's a little light there, and it's a person here, and it's a person there, and they're all distributed. And people think there's none. But there is. And it's a body of the bride of Jesus Christ that's believing this word. Amen. It'd be so scarce, so rare to find a believer in this age that the Bible says, "Will he find them?" He will find them. But I want you to realize something. If you're here tonight and you truly believe this end time message, you're one in a million. You are you're you're rarer than hen's teeth because most people think they're believing the truth and they're in error just as they were when the first son of man came. Amen. We've read multiple times how that messenger in the final age would come and he would find a religious people just as Christ did 2,000 years ago. They'd be self assured in their religion. They'd be self-righteous. They'd be convinced of their own correctness and they'd be unaccepting of anything else. That's how Christ that's what Christ came to. Amen. And so we would recognize that to happen at the same time. The people will be blind to their own condition yet they would claim to be Christians. And Paul would say it this way and again I preached on this so I'm not going to belver the point tonight. He says this know also that in the last days when last days what are we in church? What time are we in now? Last days. Okay. So this is a scripture for us only for us in the last days. Perilous time shall come. That word perilous, it means fierce, hard to bear, dangerous times. This word perilous is only used twice in the entire Bible. You know when the other one is? It's the description of the man of the gatherines. Remember the one that had a legion of demons inside of him? So the description of the perilous times is the description of the man of the gatherines unable to be controlled by anyone completely overtaken by demonic power out of his mind. Remember because when Jesus healed him it says they found him clothed and in his sound mind. That's what we're going to be dealing with in the last days. Okay? demonpossessed people out of their minds. Here's their description. Now watch the danger. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent. It means lacking self-control, fierce. That word fierce means savage. Aren't we seeing that today? Look at what just happened with Charlie Kirk getting shot. You talk about savage. Not only did somebody kill him, but people went savage on the internet. People are crazy, church. They are demonpossessed. And not only the left, both sides. Absolutely demonpossessed. Striving for power. savage, fierce, despisers of those that are good. That's absolutely the truth. When a man can get killed in front of his wife and children, and people celebrate, that's despisers of those that are good. Traitors, heady, that means reckless and thoughtless, high-minded, puffed up, self-conceited, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Now, I want you to catch that phrase, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Does it say they don't love God? But it says they love pleasure more. In other words, church, he's just one of many gods they have in their life. And he's not first. He's at he's second at best. And chances are he's more much further down the line. They will profess a love of God, but they love pleasure more than they love him. It says, "Having a form, having an appearance, having an outward shell of godliness, but denying the power thereof from such turn away." So he is not speaking of worldly people, church. He is speaking of people that profess to be Christians. And this is the description of them. He says they'll have a form of godliness but deny the par from such turn away. Don't have anything to do with them. Don't associate yourself with them. He says for of this sort are they which creep into houses and lead captive silly women laden with sins led away with divers lust. Now that word that that phrase silly women means weak women. Now sisters, we're not preaching against you. Remember what it means in the scriptures. A woman is a church. So weak churches, church, what you know what what the scripture says strength is to a man. Go look in the Proverbs and Psalms. What's strength to a man? Wisdom. So a silly woman is a weak woman is a woman without wisdom, without understanding. And these kinds of men, these kinds of people will go in and they'll take control of bodies of professing Christians. It says, "And they'll be led away with divers's lust." And what do you find? Everyone goes to a church that preaches what they want to hear. Right? Well, you're never going to get changed if you go around listening for what you want to hear. You're going to stay the way you are. You're never going to be transformed by the gospel that you're hearing if it's exactly what you want to hear. He says, "Ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth." I want to remind us Paul is preaching this scripture to believers and saying, "Look out. Look out." Because there are people that going to say that are going to say they're just like you and they're not just like you. And they're going to have all of these things in their lives. Amen. They're comparable to the demoniac of Gera, a legion of of demons in his body. Amen. They're not of a sound mind. Church, how can you just look at this list here? Lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, no natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Where's the fruit of the spirit? Where's the holiness? Where's the life transformed? Where's the new birth? It's not there, is it? Paul says they have a form of godliness, but they deny the power of godliness. What does that mean, church? It means that they will preach the word, but they will deny its power and effect. Deny that it has the same power and effect. Amen. They'll read something, and I've heard this. I've heard it with my own two ears, seeing with my own two eyes. They'll read a portion of scripture and then they will say one of three things. One, it doesn't mean what it says. Flat out. It doesn't mean what it says. Well, what does it mean then? It means whatever they want it to mean. The second thing they'll say that doesn't apply today because it's a different world and it's a different society. It's a different time. And then the third thing is it just doesn't happen that way today. So, it either doesn't mean what it says, it doesn't apply today because we're different, or it doesn't have the power that it had back then. Amen. They refuse to accept the full effect of the word. Why? Because they don't have the full effect of the word. They don't have a revelation of the word. It's like Jesus said, they can't truly hear the word. They can't accept it because it's not in them. I'm not going to say the man's name because you know what? I you know I heard brother Ron Spencer say something about Charlie Kirk. He didn't have the message. He didn't have the Holy Ghost. He said, "But I believe God's got a place for him somewhere." Cuz he stood firmly publicly for what he believed. And I would like to believe that's true. That God has a place in the end for him for standing on the truth that he had. Amen. So, I don't want to name this man, but he's a very well-known Christian preacher and teacher, and he's sitting up on with a panel of three three men. One of the other ones is RC Spruel, which is also a well-known Bible teacher today. And somebody asked him the question. They said, "Is God still sending prophets today?" And you know what he said? No. He said, "I do not believe God is giving direct revelation today." That's a direct quote of him. I don't believe God is giving direct revelation today. He said divine truth has already been given. Therefore, God is not giving divine revelation today. But church, we just read in Daniel a service or two ago where Daniel's given divine truth and doesn't understand it. And God says, "Seal up the book, Daniel." But God, what is this going to happen? What does it mean? Not for you, Daniel. seal it up until the end of the end of time. Then John goes and John sees all things. John understands all things and he writes it in symbolic form, not in revealed form. Then when those thunders sounded, he goes to write it and God says, "No, John, don't write it. Seal it up till the end time." So there's there's there's divine truth that's been given, but not all divine truth has been revealed. And how does God reveal something? I will do nothing except I reveal it unto my servants, the prophets. And so, and we'll get into this as we go. It's not that God is giving new truth. It's that God is revealing the truth that's already there. Look at what Paul preached. Paul had a revelation of the resurrection and the rapture. Church, Paul preached the rapture. Did Paul get the rapture? Nope. So, God's got to reveal the rapture to somebody. And the Holy Spirit's got to do that. That's what this man said. He says, "Well, the Holy Spirit is here to reveal the truth. He's here working in our hearts." But what does the Spirit say to the churches? He says it through a seventh church age messenger. That's what the Bible says. So, if you're going to believe what's written in the Bible, you'll believe that he sends prophets. Ephesians 4 says he sent prophets. I was listening to Donnie Reagan the other day. He says, "You know what? Everything is pluralized in the five-fold ministry." So that it's not just one of anything. Prophets, apostles, pastors, evangelists, and teachers. That means there's at least 10 of them in the world because two is the minimum you can have for plurality. There's got to be at least 10 God- called men to fulfill a scripture. So you can't just say he only uses a prophet. He uses a prophet to bring that word. He uses preachers, evangelists, teachers, pastors to spread that word. Amen. But he uses a prophet to open it up to us. Amen. God already gave his word, but he needs somebody to reveal it. He needs to bring understanding to those that read the book. Remember when Philip was called out into the desert and he saw the unic and the man was reading Isaiah, he says, "Do you understand what you're reading?" He says, "How can I except a man show me?" And Philip got in there. He revealed the scriptures to him. He opened up to him. The guy said, "Hey, here's water. Let's get me baptized." And Philip did. And then he was caught away in the spirit, back to where he needed to be. What is this man's problem? Well-known man. He lacks a revelation. He's been bound by what everyone else has been teaching and he's accepted it as the truth. Now, he's a cessationist. He doesn't believe that. He believes that the day of the apostles, the day of the power of the Holy Ghost, the day of the of the spirit working in the churches. He doesn't believe in gifts. He doesn't believe in any of those things, church. Why? Cuz he doesn't have it. And because he doesn't have it, he says it must not be. That's not what God called us to do. Abraham didn't have Isaac for 24 for 25 years, but he still believed it. God's opening up his word to us. That's what the spirit's doing is quickening his word so we'll believe for what's coming, for what God has already ordained in our life. It meant he doesn't have what the word says he ought to have. And therefore he says that was for another day. It's for the past. It's not for today. He's claiming to believe what Paul believed. He preaches what Paul preaches. And yet he refuses to believe in the power that Paul had. Why? Because he doesn't have it. He's never seen it. He's never experienced it. And he's been taught it's not there. And because that's what he received, that's what he got. You I was reading you know you say I I believe in God but then you say I don't believe he's the same as he always was. That doesn't make sense. Scripture says I am the go I am I am the Lord thy God. I change not. There's no variableness neither shadow of turning. And yet people say well I believe in him but I don't believe he does the same things today. Well that's your problem not his. I was reading in devotions this morning in first Corinthians where Paul said the kingdom of God is not in word but in power. And what do we have today? We have a bunch of people preaching but no power, no evidence, no confirmation, nothing, just theology. And that's what Jesus came to. A bunch of people preaching without authority. G Paul said, "When I came, I didn't come to you with these the the these words of men, these these smooth words." He says, "I came in power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit. That's how I came. That's why you accepted me cuz you saw that I had what I was talking about. Let's come back to the scriptures as we start to wrap this up tonight. Revelation chapter 3. We've read it multiple times. So I'm again I'm not going to drag too much. It says unto the angel of the church of the leadyans write under the messenger the seventh church age messenger write this. These things sayeth the amen the faithful and true witness the beginning of the creation of God. So here's his message to the leadyian church. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou art cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Why does he do it? He says, "Because thou sayest." In other words, this is your testimony. This is your selfassessment. You ever do one of those self- assessment tests? You know what 99% of us do? We write what we want what we think we want to be. We write what we want to be rather than what we are. I'm seeing some smiles. Except sister Justine. You write a self assessment test. You want to give your you want to put your best foot forward. And so what you choose is what you wish you were rather than what you are. And excuse the results. Here's what they said. I am rich, increased with goods, and have need of nothing. Wow, what a wonderful testimony if it was true. This is not just speaking naturally. It's speaking spiritually. You look at the Pentecostal church, they say, "We've got it all." And I've said before, I've watched some of their services. You talk about worship, you talk about music, you talk about excellence. We couldn't even get in the door with our worship. Amazing, phenomenal musicians, worldclass singers, rich increased with goods have need of nothing. Every service is a great service. We're shouting, we're dancing, we're speaking in tongues. We go home sweaty and tired out every time. Camp meeting all the time. That's what some people want. That's what some people want. Remember what Paul said? Sorry, we didn't finish. They say, "I'm rich, increase with goods, have need of nothing. And knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked." What did Paul say was coming in the last days, church? Perilous times. Amen. Now, look at the fulfillment of that. The Holy Spirit says this age, you say you're rich, you say you have every blessing, say you don't need anything, and you don't know you're wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. What is a church? It's a people that profess to be one thing and are actually another. This is a total fulfillment of what Paul said they would be. So, if they're not what they say they are, they're completely different. They're not even close. Notice he doesn't say you're half clothed. He says, "You're completely naked. You're not okay. You're miserable." Like they are complet They're diametrically opposite. We'd say today what they say they are and what they are is as far away as east is from west. It's not even close. You ever go play something with somebody the first time and maybe it's, you know, basketball or hockey or something and and you go out and you play with them and and maybe they really talk themselves up and you're really expecting something and they go out and they're not quite it, but they usually have a little bit of something. You know, this is not this people. They say they're Wayne Gretzky and when they come out they're skating on their ankles. Anybody that plays hockey knows what I'm talking about. Their feet are like this on the ice and they can't stick handle. They don't have anything. Nothing of what they profess, nothing of their testimony is true. But yet they're convinced they are the greatest Christians in the world. He says, 'I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes is that thou mayest see. We preached on this a couple services ago. It's godly character. It's the righteousness of Christ. It's it's the revelation of the word. He says, "Now as many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent." And this is the first portion, the first purpose of that Leodysian church age messenger. Amen. He's got to break the people free from their self- congratulating Christianity. Amen. Inflated, arrogant, delusional. He's got to break them. He's got to snap them out of that and get them to see that Christ is not working in their midst. Amen. I know I've said I'm only going to use scriptures in this little series that we're doing right here on why we believe in an end time prophet, but I want to use a quote. Are you okay if I use a quote? We believe it. For those online, take it or leave it. But I thought this summarized this whole thought of how this man will come, how this messenger will come, and what he's got to deal with. It says this, "The last day messenger will appear in God's appointed time. It is the end time now as all know for Israel is in the homeland. Any time now he will come according to Malachi. When we see him, he will be dedicated to the word. He will be indicated. In other words, pointed out in the word. Revelation 10:7. And God will vindicate his ministry. He will preach the truth as did Elijah and be ready for the Mount Zion showdown. We're going to preach on the Mount Zion showdown sometime. I got a bunch of notes on it. I can't wait to preach on. It's a beautiful thing. He says, "Many will misunderstand him." Why? Because they have been taught scripture in a certain way which they consider truth. When he comes against that, they will not believe. Even some true ministers will misunderstand the messenger because so much has been called God's truth by deceivers. What's he saying? He's saying people are not consciously rejecting the truth. They didn't just go and and and lead themselves astray intentionally. Somebody that's in a Baptist church today is not out there saying, "I want to go and determine this and that." No, they are raised up in it and they just come in believing it. And so they've been taught the scriptures in a certain way. So the Baptists don't believe in the Holy Ghost the way we do. You go talk to different ones about predestination, they don't believe it the way we do. Why? because that's how they've been taught and they just can't break out of what we would call a denominational mold. They can't do it. They're raised in it and they're just locked into it. They're locked into that idea. Amen. I don't believe they're doing it uh what they're believing. They're believing in sincerity, but they're wrong. And that's what this prophet's job is to do is to snap them out of that, to try and shake them awake. And how's he going to do it? We'll talk about that in a bit. But we know that in this church age, Christ is outside of this group and he's trying to fellowship now with individuals. He's calling people. He's not calling a a a church, a a specific group, you know, he's not coming to the Baptists or the Pentecostals or this. He's calling to get one here and one there and one here and one there. He's always done it that way, hasn't he? He's trying to get them into fellowship with him. He's trying to get them to open up to him. And so, this messenger has to call those people out when that great is judged. Remember, it's the the Catholic Church and every denomination that came out from her and held on to any of her doctrines. Amen. It's the whole ecumenical church movement. There's a message given just before that that happens. And we heard a prophet say it in our day. He says, "And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, of her unbelief, and that you receive not of her plagues, for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God has remembered her iniquities." So, he says there's got to come a voice that says, "Come out of her. Get out." That's what God's been doing through prophets for for thousands of years. He's saying, "Get out and get in. Get out and get into the word. Get into the ark. Get into salvation. Get into God's provided place of worship. And how did he do it? Through a seventh church age messenger, a prophet. And he did it as Christ did. The son of man ministry came back. And what did he do? He said, "It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." And he started showing the signs and the wonders of the Messiah himself. discernment of the thoughts and intents of the heart, raising the dead, healing the sick, casting out demons, even judgment for those that went against him. He did church. Everything that Jesus Christ did, William Brham did in his ministry and more and by that I mean greater volume because he had decades of ministry. Remember I talked about it last service in South Africa alone seven dump truck loads of crutches and wheelchairs from one set of meetings went around the world seven times from 1933 to 1965 over 30 years of preaching Jesus had three and a half and he was limited by how far he could walk. We had a man that had an airplane. We had a man that had a car. A man that had boats. He could go anywhere just about any time and be there. Went around the world over and over and over again. And what was he doing? Telling the people, "Jubilee time is here." And he did it through signs and wonders. Amen. But that's not going to cause a separation. He's got to say, "Get out of her, my people." The first thing he does is he catches their attention. That's what Jesus did. He caught their attention. But what causes a separation? See, now some people, most churches, if you went to Brother Brandham's and you got prayed for and you got healed, they're not going to kick you out of their church for that. They might say, "We don't preach it or we don't believe it." But if you got the evidence, they're not going to say anything about it. Remember what happened in Jesus day was that man got healed and they said, "Hey," they went to the to the mother and father and they said, "Is this your son? Did he get healed?" They said, "Ask him. He's a man. He's a grown man. He can tell you." Because they didn't want to get kicked out of their churches. Some churches would kick you out for believing in divine healing, but most of them were okay with it at that time because they wanted it. They wanted the supernatural in their midst. Amen. But what causes separation, church? When you disagree with what they're preaching, brother Brandham himself, remember his his Baptist pastor tried to get him away from those visions and those dreams and then his doctrine. And in the end, Bill, brother Brandham had to turn in his card, his Baptist minister's card. He says, "I can't be affiliated with you. I'll turn it in. You don't have to take it from me. When you dispute denominational thinking by the word of God, that's what causes the separation. Scripture says, "Can two walk together except they be agreed?" And it would take a restoration of truth, a revelation of the word to cause that separation. And so that that prophet has to come and he has to untie all those denominational knots. He's got to cut through it with the purity of the word, the sword of the word. I think it was Alexander the Great that he went to a place and they had a knot there and they said, "Whoever untie whoever can untie this knot and it was a big knot and it was tied heavy, a big huge thing." They said, "Whoever unties it will be the king or the emperor." And he just took his sword and he just cut the whole thing. He didn't untie it. He just cut it apart. That's what the prophet came. He untied all those knots that the denominations had tied up through all those years. Amen. He got to cut away the bondage of denominational thinking and and the doctrines of men and the confusion of men and the conclusions of men. Amen. And he had to do it by preaching the original word in its original form because that's the only way you can have the original faith. You can't have the faith of the word unless you preach the word. He's got to bring it in its fullness. Amen. You know, I was watching brother brother Mvin over in in Calgary. He goes to brother Barry Johnson's church and he was he was preaching on what this this seventh church age messenger did and about the key doctrines that brother Brandham preached that were so different from what was widely accepted in that day and even today. And I wanted to share it. He did a beautiful job of it. And so I I took it and I threw it in chat GPT. I said turn this into text so I can use it for me. And we look at this list and these are this is not an exhaustive list but it's a it's a pretty good list. And these are the things that brother Brandon preached that were in many ways completely different or very different from what the nominal Christian world was preaching. Look at that first one. Godhead Christ is the mystery of God revealed. The first thing he hits on false trinity. And that's the thing that ties 99% of the Christian world together is they all believe in a trinity. And he hits it and he completely dispels it and he shows us Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He preaches us the Godhead and the purity of the word. Amen. church, you believe the trinity, you can't even put the word together because it falls apart. The whole thing's apart. You can't even fit into into what the word says about you. If you believe in the trinity, it doesn't work. Amen. You can't see what the indwelling of the spirit is. You can't see oneness with Christ. If you don't understand the oneness of God in Christ, if you don't understand the Godhead, you're going to struggle. And so when you say the trinity is wrong, that right there is going to cause a separation from virtually every church because you do have some that believe oneness. You have Pentecostals that will do it. There might be a couple more, but the oneness they preach wasn't right either. So he came and he preached it in a completely different way. Why was he doing this church? Why would he go down and preach all of these different things? You look at water baptism, virtually everyone was preaching in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. He says it's a false baptism. Nobody ever baptized in that. the simplicity of the word church. He says, "Read your New Testament." Nobody ever baptized in that. But what are they baptized in? The name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He says, "If you're not baptized in the right baptism, it's a false baptism. God doesn't accept it." He go through all of these different things. Amen. He didn't do it for popularity, that's for sure. Jesus wasn't trying to be popular. Amen. And brother Brandham would go to such lengths to preach things that were opposite to everyone. And it got to the point where men were saying, "Brother Brandham, I want to lay hands on you and pray over you." Why? To get him to stop preaching the word. Everybody wanted him to come and do healing campaigns and show the signs and show the wonders and show the discernment and go through the crowd. People that didn't have uh prayer cards and just show the the presence of the Lord there. But what they didn't want was the word. Remember what Jesus said? I think it was in John. He said, "This is the condemnation." He says that light has come into the world and men love darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. Now you see all those men preaching the word and it's wrong. They did it sincerely, church. There's forgiveness for sincerely wrong. But what happens when truth comes and it reveals your error? That's when we find out who's really a believer because the believer will go with truth rather than the kingdom they built, rather than the church they built, rather than the reputation they built. They'll lay it all aside for truth because the word is what matters most. But those people, they had to walk away from it. But look at all these things that that were preached here. He was trying, Brother Brandon would say, he was tying up the loose ends. There's things that were were were were there that have been kind of probed at all through 2,000 years. Let me go back to something. This is the condemnation that light came and they love darkness rather than it. And brother Bram started preaching these things and they said, "Brother Bram, stop doing it. You're going to lose the people. You're going to lose your effect. You're going to lose your sponsors." And in the end, only a few churches had their doors open to him. I think the full gospel businessmen were with him to the end if I'm not mistaken because I was just listening to the rapture, which is just about two weeks before or sorry, uh, leadership and he's preaching at church that I believe was sponsored or supported by full gospel businessmen. So, I think they were that and I think brother Jack Co and Shreport. I think that's about it for nominal Christian churches that would have him. Otherwise, they met in auditoriums, they rent hotels, they do whatever they could just to have a place because the churches weren't open to them anymore. They rejected him completely. But remember what Jesus said. Remember the parable of the sewer where they went out and the and and the the farmer swed the good seed and then an enemy came in and swed the the tears the weeds amongst it and they said, "Hey, you got tears. You got weeds in your wheat field. What do we do?" He says, "Let them grow together." But at the end he says gather the tears for one thing burning. Burning. They've got to be gathered together. And what gathers them together? That ecumenical movement where they'll unite under the doctrines that they hold in common. Primary one will be the trinity. It binds them together. Brother Ram says when you see that ecumenical move happening, look up. Get ready because they're gathered for judgment. And then what did he say? and gather my wheat into the barn. And who gathers that? It's a prophetic message, son of man ministry that pulls that little tiny group into the barn and gets them ready for a resurrection and a rapture. But brother Brand was here and he was tying together all these loose ends. And you know, we see people and I was amazed. I' I've talked before about there's a a man in Dallas, Texas. I ran across on YouTube. I was doing some research on something and he was preaching on the seven seals. had preached out of the book of the revelation and he was about 80 or 85% right. I was amazed. Now maybe he read some stuff from brother Bradom but he didn't he couldn't have read it all because he was off majorly on a few things. But just in sheer studying he had come so close. You know you look at the wonderful Bible scholars and ministers and even priests that had great revelations of certain aspects of scripture. I mean I've got a a Cyrus Scoffield Bible up here. His notes are fantastic about 92% of the time. And he was a trinitarian church, but he had so many wonderful insights into scripture. Just studied and studied and studied and put things together. Beautifully done. You look at Charles Spurgeon, the prince of preachers. Anybody ever read some of his sermon notes and things he gave his students? Amazing. Blesses me to no end. Blesses me to no end. Look at Clarence Larkin. Clarence Larkin purely on the basis of heavy study of the scripture taught on the seven seals. He's about 95% right on the first seal and from there he goes into total darkness in terms of what he preached pretty much. But he got almost the first seal right purely on the basis of study. I was reading a quote before I came up here. Brother Bram says when you seek God out by man's wisdom you only get further away from him. 95% away is still not there. Like we said before, close only counts in hand grenades and horseshoes. But to think that that man, Clarence Larkin, so dedicated himself to the scripture that he almost got the first seal figured out, I say, "Wow, that's amazing." Listen, Brother Brandon wasn't the first to preach serpent seed. It had been preached before. Widely rejected by virtually everyone. All sorts of these different things. Amen. What was it? people probing at it in their sincerity, in their desire for understanding of the scripture. They go and they'd study and pray and study and pray. And I believe God blessed some of them. You can see, boy, you you look at some of those earies, you look at John Wesley, some of the things he preached, amazing, amazing. And his brother, just absolutely beautiful things that they had in the scriptures. But remember what we see here. Look at this list. Seven church ages. most that's that's what we would call dispensationalism really today would would feed into why we believe in seven church ages to a gentile church throughout the last 2,000 years. That's something that really didn't pop up until the 1900s widely in Christianity. But he comes and he preaches that 70 weeks of Daniel. Nobody understands 70 weeks of Daniel except a message believer. Nobody. They've got elements of it. Nobody understands it. Seven seals. Good luck. Good luck. Go read everything out there on the seven seals. Don't Don't do it. It'll be a waste of your time. Total nonsense. Makes no sense. Seven the seven thunders. Yeah, right. Not going to happen. The rapture. Most people don't believe in it. And if they do believe in it, they can't place it at the right time. The tribulation, three and a half years. Everyone preaches seven years virtually. We don't preach it. The token original sin. That's a huge one. The original sin sets us up for why we needed a new new birth in the first place. You don't understand that. You don't understand why you need a new birth. You don't understand why you need redemption. Who is this Melzdc? That's that's Christ revealed. And people say it was just a man. Nobody knows where he came from. Nobody knows where he went. That's why they say he's without father, without mother. Marriage and divorce. Look out. Funny thing is, I think the Catholic Church is the closest to right on marriage and divorce of anybody. They say don't do it. Virtually everybody else has all the reasons for it. I'm being facitious on that a little bit, but I think the Catholic Church is one of the few that's actually held a line on divorce, generally speaking. Restoration promise, coming of Elijah, seventh angel messenger. Again, nobody believes it because if they did, they'd be looking for him. There are a few out there still looking for it. Kingdom of heaven parables, Israel's blind, the mystery of iniquity. Who is the son of predition? Mystery of Babylon, the mark of the beast. Everybody's looking at a chip in your hand or a chip in your head. They're saying it's here. It's here. It's here. And he says you've already got it and you don't know it. Amen. The new birth. Look at what people preach as a new birth today. One, they don't preach as new birth. They say, "Except Jesus into your heart." You'll never find that phrase in scripture. Jesus said, "You must be born again." Predestination. That's an amazing one. I love predestination. And the prophet himself only got it completely right in the last year of his ministry. Amen. He's not preaching outside of the Bible. He's restoring us to the truth that was already there. He's not coming with a new message. Amen. He's not coming with a new message. He's there to get rid of the confusion, of the fog, to connect the dots of all these things. And God was working through his ministry to clear things up. Amen. And provide direction to the bride long before he ever got to the seven seals. It's like I said before, he didn't get all this in 1963. God had been using him since 1933 to develop that man. And I've said it before, you can't pre you can't get to the results of 63 unless you start in 33. You got to go through the maturing and the growing and the development that God put his prophet through. You want to become an adopted son, go through the process of an adopted son. Listen, Jesus had to grow in wisdom and stature. Brother Brandham had to grow in wisdom and stature. Guess what? We got to grow in wisdom and stature. That's just the way that God works. Amen. You want the same results, you got to go through the same process. God doesn't call us all to be prophets. That's for sure. But there are no shortcuts to becoming an adopted son or daughter of God. That's for sure. But remember what Paul what brother Brand would say. He said, 'I preached what Paul preached. Remember he saw the vision of the bride and these different things. He said, "How are they going to be judged?" And he said, "They'll be judged by Paul's message." And he says, "I preached what Paul preached and the whole bride scream back." They said, "We're resting on that church. We can't the the book of Revelation says you can't add one word or take one word from it, otherwise you lose your name out of the lamb's out of the book of life." He can't preach a new gospel. He's got to reveal what's already there. And the problem is is that they have this foregone conclusion today and they've had it for a long time that what they preach is the truth because it's widely accepted. And that prophet had to come and try and break them out of that. Remember what the scripture says? We preached out of Malachi. He says he's got to restore the children back to the fathers. Brother Brand would say or Jesus would say he's got to restore all things. He's got to restore the faith of the original fathers. And the Bible says Paul said faith cometh by hearing. Faith comes by understanding and understanding comes by the word of God. What brings faith? The word of God. If you want a rapturing faith, church, you've got to have a rapturing word. If you want a healing faith, you got to have a healing word. If you want a changing faith, you've got to have a changing word. If you want a delivering faith, you got to have a delivering word. If you don't believe in a rapture, you're not going to have rapturing faith. Remember what faith is? Bram said, "Faith is a revelation of the will of God." So when I believe that I'm going to have rapturing faith, why do I believe I'm going to go in a rapture, church? Because I believe that God said there's going to be a rapture, and I believe it's for me. Therefore, I believe there will be faith on the day that I need it to go in that rapture. But in the meantime, I believe that there's healing in his wings, that by his stripes, we are healed, that there's deliverance, that there's provision, that there's leadership. And so I've got faith in it because I've got a word that tells me it's available to you and I. You can't have faith in something you don't believe in. Amen. That faith is that God is wants to do something. That God said he's going to do something. And so that faith holds on no matter what. Amen. Now watch this last phase of the prophet's message in our day. Now remember, they had a form of godliness, but they're denying the power thereof. Watch what happens in Revelation 10. It says, "The angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heaven." This is the angel of the covenant, is Christ himself, "and swore by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven and the things that therein are in the earth and the things that therein are and the sea and the things which therein are, that there should be no time no longer." Paul said, "At the end there be perilous times." Daniel's told, "Seal up the book till the end of days." John, seal it up until this time. Okay? It's a perilous time, but it's a time of promise as well. He's only coming for He's coming for the promised people, church. He's not coming for the sinners. He says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the Leodysian church age messenger, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to assurance the prophets." Remember, there's that mysterious book. He comes down. He's got the open book in his hand. It was sealed with seven seals. John knew what was in there. John knew the things that were bound up, but he wasn't allowed to tell us about it. Daniel spoke of some of it. And so, a prophet had to come to show us what those seals were because a prophet is the divine revealer of the word. That's what he does. He speaks as thus sayeth the Lord. So, the amazing thing is is John foretold it. He writes it down in symbol form. And then what happens is God sends down a prophet in this age and he looks backward in time. those seven seals. He looks backward in time and he goes through seal number one, seal number two, seal number three. He says, "We're under seal number four. Now is the time of seal number four." And then he will point forward and he says, "Now we've got seal number five. That's tribulation." And 06, that's for the Jews. So he's pointing backward. He's showing what's been. He's pointing forward to what will be. And then he says, "We're right here." And what about that seventh seal? Well, that seventh seal breaks over four, five, and six because it goes over the whole thing. It's the coming of the Lord. It's the opening of the word, but it goes all the way to the end. Okay? He comes down. The scripture says that seventh church age messenger, that seventh angel messenger's message is sounding. It's going to finish the mystery of God. Notice it says should. See, in English, that word should means it's probable. You know, I would say when we leave church, we should go home. That's the reasonably expected thing to happen. But there's an element of doubt there cuz some may go to McDonald's and get an ice cream. Some may not make it home. And we think, well, that means there's kind of an iffy bit about this. The mystery of God should be finished. But that's not the original word. The original word says the mystery of God will be finished. There's no doubt about it. It's the ending of the mystery of God. Then what's that mystery of God? Prophet said it's all those mysteries that were under the seven seals. We had that list that we showed. All those were under those seals hidden under there. But then he would say he'd look down through time. He'd go through those seals. He'd look through the last 2,000 years and he'd talk about those riders. Remember he had a white horse rider and a black horse rider, a red horse rider, and then a pale horse rider. And one had a a bow with no arrows and he had a crown on his head and then another one had a sword and another one had a balance. and all of these different things. And he showed us what every one of those were. He walked us through the church ages. Showed us when they started, when they finished, who the messengers were, what they preached, what the problem was, what the solution was. Took us back into history, took us back into the word, revealed all of those things. He showed them what led the churches wrong, how they got out of it. Amen. He preached it from Genesis to Revelation. And it completely changed our understanding of the scriptures. Completely changed it. Nobody preached what he preached, church. Completely changed. Why church? Because when Christ is present, he always breaks the bread. He always opens the word. Amen. So, Brother Bram comes and he preaches that original word that Paul preached and he proved it was the same. How? He got the exact same results. He preached what Paul preached. He preached what Christ preached. He proved that Christ was there. He had the signs and wonders. He had the discernment. He had the healings. He had the visions. Everything that Christ did on earth, everything that Paul and the apostles did, brother Brandham had it in his ministries. Nothing held back. God held nothing back, church, to give us the evidence that Christ was here. Amen. And people would come to him and say, "We agree with your gifts and we agree with your signs and wonders, but we disagree with your doctrine." And it's the exact same thing that they did to Jesus Christ. What' they do? They rejected the word and they crucified it. And brother Brandon would come and he say he say I indict you for the second crucifixion of Jesus Christ the word because they turned him down all over again. And so he's outside the churches knocking through a prophet's voice catching one here catching one there. And what happened church? This happened. A people accepted it. A people heard that and they said that's me. That's for me. I recognize that I've got a word abiding in here that got quickened as soon as I heard that prophet's voice or eventually. Right, brother Vichel. It may not happen instantly, church. I sat under it for years. Believed it since I was 10. Fought it since I was 10. Gave my heart to God at 17. 17 or 70, it matters not. Just accept it. Brother Ram said, "If you've got a call to to accept it, a call to come forward to it," he says that's the greatest thing, the most wonderful thing you could have, and don't hold back. Accept it while he's got it. Amen. But it's a small group. It's a small group. The prophet's gone. As brother Paul laughed, Moses, my servant, is dead. But that doesn't stop the message. It doesn't stop the promise. It doesn't stop the Holy Spirit. Amen. The prophet's gone, but he church, he was just here to show us Christ. He was just here to introduce the bride to her bridegroom. And now he's standing outside. Remember Eleazar? Once he introduced Rebecca to Isaac, I must decrease and he must increase. And God took him out of the picture. Why? Because God will let no man stand between him and his bride. Brother Ram wasn't trying to stand there, but he had to pull him back so that it would be a relationship between us and him. Amen. And what is it? Revelation 10:7. It's time to finish the mystery. What is it, church? It's the mystery of godliness. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. It's Christ in his bride working one last time in the lives of faithful believers. Amen. And now we've got a part. Prophet's gone. What do we do? Revelation 10:8. take the book and eat it and it'll have an effect. It'll have a beautiful effect. Amen. And that's what we're going to get into over the next few services. God bless you. Let's stand this evening. I know I've been a little longer tonight. I apologize for that. I'm not sorry, but I apologize. It's never my intention to go long. I didn't have long notes, but um somebody kindly reminded me last service that I was talking too quickly and so I was trying to go slowly and carefully tonight. So hopefully you're able to keep up with that. Amen. But we're going to come back to this thought by God's grace if he would lead on the mystery finished in the next few services and then we'll slowly close out this service on the Holy Ghost. There's some other things that the Lord would have me to preach, I believe. Amen. But I want us to get us into the final stages of what it looks like as we're getting ready for this rapture, this resurrection. Amen. That what God's supposed to be doing in this people and what a surrender bride is going to look like. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, how blessed we are again, Lord, to know that we have eyes to see and ears to hear. Lord, some of us had to come out and they heard a cry that said, "Come out of her, my people." And they made that move, Lord. They separated themselves. And Lord, they took those steps and they paid a price for it. Some are still paying prices for it, Lord. But Lord, I look around today and I see the blessing. Lord, I see the fruit of a decision well made, Lord, when people walk towards you and your word, Lord. So, we're thankful tonight, Lord. We don't want to take these things for granted, Lord. And I know it's it's common knowledge to many, Lord, but there's those that have never heard it before, Lord. And I pray it would set an anchor in their heart, Lord, for why we believe this end time message, Lord. Why we quote a prophet, Lord, why we look to him for truth in this age, Lord, when so many people have been led astray. Lord, I pray you help us to not just read the book, Lord, but to eat the book, Lord. That it will become a part of us, Lord. That our lives would reflect what we've been eating. Lord, it certainly, Lord, we can't tell a lie for long. What we're eating will come out, Lord. I pray you help us people to see, Lord, that we're eating from the open book. Grant us grace, Lord. Remembering those that are sick, Lord, those that aren't here tonight, Lord. Praying a special mercy and grace for Sister Violet tonight, Lord. Praying you just go to her, Lord. Brother Earl as well, Lord. No doubt alone, praying a special grace to him. Heavenly Father, Lord, Brother Paul as well, that you would just raise him up, Lord. Help him to feel completely better. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. He is able, more than able. 7:21 Key of C. [Music] He is aable for you. He is able more than able [Music] to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than a to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. He is aable, more than a to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable more than aable. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable. more than able to make me what he wants me to be. I found it all. 1182 key of F. [Music] I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all when I found the Lord. I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord one more time, I found it all. When I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king, I found the truth. What I've been searching for, I found it all. and I found the Lord. I was reading in devotions about the rich young ruler and he came to Jesus and he said, "What must I do to receive eternal life?" Brother Brown would say he knew he was missing something. Jesus listed the different laws, you know, love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, honor your father and mother, and these different things. He said, "Hey, I've done that all my life." Jesus said, "One thing thou lackest." You have everything. Your lack is that you have everything. You don't need me. You have everything. Give up everything and come follow me. Take up your cross and follow me. That's what a prophet did in this age. He went to people. He says, "You think you have everything? Give it up so you can find Christ." And he calls us to do the exact same thing today. I'll say this. You know, and I didn't play the clip from Deep Calla to the Deep. And I'm sorry to hold you this evening, but he had a man come up and stand before him and everyone's up there coming up for leukemia, you know, and that that that that shock that went through the crowd that when they when he said that girl had leukemia, it was a death sentence and the different ones. But that man came up and he said he says, "You're not up here for anything for your body or sickness." this. He says, he says, "You want a real revival in your church." Amen. He says, "You want something you don't have." And he came to a prophet to ask him to pray that his church would receive a true revival. I find so many times, and I speak by experience, what holds us back is what we're holding on to. And God's just asking us, give up what you're holding so tightly to, and you'll experience more of me than you've ever had. But as long as we hold tightly, whatever it might be, long as you hold tightly, I can't do anything for you. You got to let go. That young man had one thing that he couldn't let go. Jesus said, "You got to let it go." It says, "And he went away sad because he had many things." Amen. Don't let it hold you back. Whatever you're holding on to, Amen. Let go. Let God do something for you. Amen. We're going to sing one more song. Brother Mark, I'm going to ask you to close in prayer if you would. We're going to sing that song, I Worship You, Almighty God, 882. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise. For you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. Oh, I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. One more time. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightuousness. Oh I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, we're thankful, Lord, for of your presence with us, Lord. And without you, we can do nothing. And Lord, we're thankful, Lord, that you're here, Lord. Revealing yourself, Lord. Getting a bride ready. Getting the world ready. Everything is Lord in motion Lord in this end time the last of last days Lord for the gentile nation Lord nations Lord upon the earth. So we're thankful Lord that it's been revealed Lord to us and Lord that we can know today what's going on and we can Lord not be in darkness but in light and Lord understanding by revelation the things that you have done Lord and talked about for centuries and Lord we know Lord now what to expect Lord and what to see prepare us our hearts Lord and even so come Lord Jesus and Lord just take your bride Lord and we know that it's soon pray Lord that you would just give us the conviction, Lord, and the revelation to get ready, Lord, for that day. So, we're thankful for Brother John bringing these things, Lord, to us, Lord. And we're thankful, your grace, Lord, and we remember all the needs, Lord. And we're thankful, Lord, for Lord, our worship, Lord, here and the music, Lord. We thank each one, Lord. We pray. And we just ask, Lord, that you would just give us Journey's mercies to our home. Bless the service, Lord, coming up if you should, Terry, and be with us all. be with all those that are sick and needy in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
