################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-23 - 20251022 - The Token Life Pt 91 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 11 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-23
Title:    20251022 - The Token Life Pt 91 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 11 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuYuvUNEMsc
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rfSnBQ3XFk-KlzC09cDxCk-kKfQL1nla/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Oh. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] understand. God still moves. [Music] Amen. In the heart of his people, God still moves. Praise the Lord. He does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he slumber. God still moves. Praise the Lord. God still moves. Oh, God still moves. Hallelujah. God still moves in the heart. of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep. Hallelujah. Nor does he slumber. God still moves. Yes. Praise the Lord. God still moves. Oh, God still moves. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. Yes. Amen. He does not sleep. Nor does he slumber. God still moves. Hallelujah. My God still. Let's sing it one more time. God still moves. Oh, God still moves. Hallelujah. God still moves. In the hearts of his people, God still moves. Hallelujah. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still moves. Amen. Aren't you glad that God still moves? Thank the Lord. Amen. And I believe he'll move upon us tonight if we just uh put our faith together as we as we uh begin this service. And we want to sing number 597. He's my Lord. Let's sing that. Ask brother Man to get open in prayer tonight. Tonight to remember to pray for brother John of course he brings the word. remember also brother Dale and uh just by way of the short report he's doing really well. He stopped taking painkillers and uh he says he's uh he's feeling good. He says he's saying now I can live again. So uh so we thank the Lord for that one step at a time but it's going in the right direction by grace. Amen. Samuel Snow as well also remember Lanny Kurlet as he recovers from his surgery. So we're glad for the good report today and Sharon and Pery of course saints around the island. God's grace to them. Sister Brenda's homesick tonight. So we want to remember her and Grant's not here at least not yet and the Collins as well. And brother Gerald and Sister Bennett. So does anybody else uh just continue to pray uh for one and all as we approach the throne tonight? May God just be with us tonight. small group believe in a big message by grace. So let's uh sing this and brother man lead in prayer. He [Music] there is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; He gives rest to the weary. Gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt. Hallelujah. About it. He's my Lord. Hallelujah. And he's my Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There is no other one. Praise the Lord. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? He gives rest. Amen. To the weery gives new life. To the hopeless there's no doubt. Hallelujah about it. He's my Let's sing it one more time. Praise the Lord. He's my Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There is no other one. Amen. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? Hallelujah. He gives rest to the weary. Gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt. Amen. is my Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we want to thank you Lord for that your that this assurance that you are our Lord. Father, Lord, as we come before you, Lord, I pray that you just help us to set aside the cares of this world, Father, and to enter into communion with you, Lord, forgive us, Lord, of anything that stands between us, Lord. And may we just open our hearts, Lord, every aspect of our lives to you, Father. May you just minister to each and every need here this night, Father. Lord, we thank you for what you've done for Butterdale, Lord, and the different saints, Father. Lord, it's wonderful to see the testimonies come from these prayer requests. Father, may you just continue to strengthen brother Dale Lord and grace Lord to uh Samuel Snow. Also good to see him returning home, Father. May you just continue to recover and bless him in his recovery, Lord. Same with Lanny Clint, Lord, please especially for the salvation of his soul, Lord. May you just speed his recovery. Sheron Pery, Lord, the Saints, Lord, Sister Brendan, those that couldn't make it here tonight, Father, may you just grant them a special blessing, Lord. Lord, as we sing your praises, Father, may you just move mightily among us this night, Father. Grace, especially to brother Jonathan, Lord, as he prepares and comes to minister, Lord, we didn't come to hear him, Lord. We come to hear from you. May you just bless our ears, Father. May we just hear what you would have to say to us this night, Father. Grace to the service, Lord. May you just be with us, Lord. Grace to the musicians and song leader, Lord, as we continue to worship, Father. Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. He's the only one that can calm the storms of life. There's nobody like him. Praise the Lord. 354. Joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. To know Christ is joy unspeakable and full of glory. [Music] I have found his grace is all complete. He supplied every need. Oh, while I sit and learn at Jesus feet, I am free. Yes, free indeed. Amen. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory and the half has never yet been told. I have found the pleasure I once grave. It is joy and peace within. What a wonderous blessing I am saved. From the awful sin. Amen. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. where the half has never yet been called. And I have found that hope so bright and clear, living in the realm of grace. Amen. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. Glory full of glory is joy unspeakable and full of glory and the half has never yet been told. And I have found a joy no tongue can tell. How it waves of glory roar. It is like a great flowing well springing up within my soul. [Music] It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory is joy unspeakable and full of glory. And a half has never yet been told. And I have found a pleasure I once grave. It is joy and peace within. [Applause] Oh, what a wonderous blessing. I am safe from the awful of sin. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory and a half has never yet been told. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and for glory and a half has never yet been told. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. 737. Think about his love. Amen. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace. And that's what's brought us through. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Great is the measure of our father's love. Hallelujah. Oh, think about his love. Amen. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace. Hallelujah. That's brought us through. Amen. For as high as the heavens above, oh great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Amen. Great is the measure of our father's love. Let's sing it again. Hallelujah. And think about his love. Amen. Think about his goodness. Amen. Think about his grace. Yes. Praise the Lord. That has brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our Father's love. Hallelujah. Great is the measure of our fathers. Let's sing that again. Sing it again. Think about his love. Oh, think about his love. Hallelujah. And think about his goodness. Yes. Amen. Think about his grace. Praise the Lord. That's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. 392. Blessed assurance. Praise the Lord. Blessed asssurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a for taste of glory divine. He of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit [Music] and washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Amen. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Amen. Praising my Savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapure burst on my side. Angels descending ring from above. Hallelujah. Echoes of mercy. Whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. And this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. perfect submission. All is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. watching and waiting and looking above, filled with his goodness and lost in his love. Amen. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Amen. Visions of rapure now burst on my side. Amen. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Amen. This is my story. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Amen. Amen. Let that be our testimony. Amen. We're praising the Lord all the day long. Amen. singing and making melody in our hearts. Let's sing 10:42. My peace I give unto you. Amen. Praise the Lord. My peace I give unto you. [Music] Amen. It's a peace that the world cannot give. It's a peace that the world cannot understand. Peace to know and peace to live. My peace I give unto you. My joy I give unto you. Let's stand. It's a joy that the world cannot give. &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise the Lord. It's a joy that the world cannot understand. Joy to know and joy to live. My joy I give unto you. Hallelujah. My love I give to you. Praise the Lord. It's a love that the world cannot give. Oh, bless the Lord. It's a love that the world cannot understand. Love to know, a love to live. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. My joy I give unto you. Hallelujah. My joy I give. [Music] And it's a joy that the world cannot give. It's a joy that the world cannot understand. [Music] Joy to know, joy to live, my joy I give unto you. Amen. Lord Jesus, Lord, I'm thankful I can say I have a joy in my heart tonight, Lord. When we talk to friends and colleagues and people of this world, it seems so few have any joy, Lord. They don't have happiness. They don't have contentment, Lord. They're surrounded by fears and doubts and worries and concerns, Lord. But we know that as we've gathered unto you, Lord, Lord, there's a peace. There's a rest that we have, Lord. And even when things don't look good, Lord, even when things are going the way the Bible says they have to go, Lord, we've got a peace and a rest in knowing that we're secure with you, heavenly father. We've got a place to go, Lord. We have a shelter in a time of storm, Lord, that nothing can harm us or pluck us out of your hands, Lord. So, we're thankful we have an inner rest, an inner joy this morning, this evening, Lord, a love, Lord, a peace, a hope, Lord, all of these things that you've given us by your word and your spirit. Lord, I pray you encourage us tonight, Lord, in the message that's coming forward. Lord, may it just minister to our hearts and our souls, Lord. May it just lift us up, Lord. May it prepare us, Lord, to face another day, the rest of the week, heavenly father. Lord, may it just tighten the ranks a little bit, Lord. Draw us closer to you. We pray, heavenly father. Lord, many not here tonight, we pray your grace to them, Lord. Draw them back to church. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn to John 14 if you would. John chapter 14. Good to be here today. Amen. What a beautiful day it was. I got to go out and take a walk with Biscuit this afternoon. And uh thank you for your prayers for my father. He's home. He's resting comfortably. He said he got 10 hours of sleep last night. So uh that's done him some good. And then Biscuit's doing very well also. So we thank the Lord for that. Just by way of reminder, I'll be preaching this Sunday and the Wednesday, but after that, I'm gone to Calgary for a week for work. So, Brother Mark will take the Sunday, November 2nd, and Brother Garfield will take the Wednesday, November 5th. So, just remember them in prayer. Come expecting, support them. Amen. Give them somebody to preach to and uh just come and enjoy the word as it comes with some different gifts. Amen. I was talking to brother John Andy's just before service and he's in New Zealand right now and uh about to preach a family camp. So he said to greet the church and so I'm passing on greetings for brother John Andy's all the way from New Zealand tonight sitting in the airport. Amen. God bless you. John chapter 14 and 12 says verily verily I say unto you he that believeth on me the works that I do shall he do also and greater works than these shall he do because I go unto my father. Amen. God bless You can have your seats this evening. Amen. We're continuing our thought on the mystery finished and we've closed out the thought on the preeminence that we spoke of for two or three services there. We can never get away from that because everything we preach, Christ has the preeminence. The the living word is the center of our lives. Amen. But now we're moving into what happens when Christ has the preeminence because he's got to have the preeminence so he can reveal himself in us. Well, the question now becomes, what does his revealing look like? What does this mystery finish look like? How does he do it? What does he do? How do we know that it's him that's doing it? And we open with the scripture in John 14. And notice that the the condition for this is that he that believeth. He that believeth. Now, that sounds awfully simple, doesn't it? But remember what Jesus said, he that believeth and is baptized, he's the one that's going to be saved. Belief always takes you into action. If you really believe, it takes you into doing something. But he says here, "Verily, verily, I say unto you." That word verily in the original is actually amen. And so Jesus says, "Amen." Amen. And that means truly by when it's spoken by the person that's that's saying something. And so when the person that believes it and receives it responds back with amen. So somebody says truly truly, "Amen. Amen." They say something and if you believe them, you say, "I receive it. I receive it. Amen. Amen. So be it." And so the actor, the word, amen, has to have two parts. It has to have somebody that gives the truth and it has to have somebody that receives the truth. Amen. Amen is not complete until the speaker says it and the hearer says it. That's the fullness of the word. Amen. Amen. So this is this is a people that believe it and they receive it. And he's saying this to the disciples if you remember. And this is well before the day of Pentecost. This is Jesus talking to them before he he's crucified. And they had already healed the sick and raised the dead and cast out demons. They delivered. Many people had many wonderful works in their life. But Jesus said, "He that believes on me, the works that I do shall he do also." He's pointing to something greater than anything they'd achieved so far. Amen. We preached on that. I'm not going to beat a dead horse tonight. But notice that that what's coming down is that they have to do the works of Christ. Not just works, but now it's the works of Christ. And remember Jesus said, "My works are to do the will of the father." not just to do anything. And when you look uh when you're reading through the scriptures, you'll see that sometimes it was God's will to heal everyone. And it says they came to Jesus and he healed them everyone. Sometimes he healed one. Sometimes he healed none. And what did he do? He rebuked the people and tried to snap them out of their unbelief and their cold formality and their religion and those things. Amen. There was no formula to God's will. There's no formula to it. You're not going to figure it out by logic. You're not going to say, "This is what God did here. Therefore, that's what God's going to do there." That doesn't work that way. Amen. I've talked about it before where David fights the Philistines and he goes down and he says, "Lord, do I fight them?" Jesus. And God says, "Yes, go back and fight them. I'll give you the victory." And so, he just goes down in the valley where they were. And he just goes in and he faces them head on and he defeats them. And the next time they come, the exact same place, the exact same people, the exact same problem. David says, "Lord, do I go down and fight them and will you give me the victory?" He says, "Yes, I'll give you the victory, but this time go around the back." And when you hear the sounds of them marching in the trees, they're not marching in the trees. Hear the sound of them marching through the trees. He says, "That's when you attack." Exact same situation, exact same problem, exact same people, completely different leadership. Church, you know what that tells me? Seek him in everything we do. Don't presume. Presumption is what kills believers. Not kills them literally, generally speaking, but what does it do? It puts us into a place where we can lose the battle. Amen. We've got to seek after him day by day. So Jesus showed that it's not a formula, but it's by personal leadership of the spirit of God according to the word of God. Remember what Jesus would say to Nicodemus. He said, "The wind bloweth where it listeth." In other words, the wind blows where it wants, and thou hearest the sound of it, but thou canst not tell whence it cometh and whether it goes. He says, "You can hear it. You can't see it. You don't know where it's coming from. You don't know where it's going." And he says, "So is it. So is everyone." Everyone that is born of the spirit of God. You look at the wind, especially here in Newfoundland. We know a lot about wind, don't we? And guess what? You can't control it. Even Eddie Shear can't predict it. You can't see it. You can't change it. It just is. It just is. And there's no rhyme or reason to it. And believe me, you know, we live down in that that that section of Conception Bay South, right on the water, and boy, you can leave the house and go to the post office and come back and the waves are going in a completely different direction because the wind has changed in that quick. That's the way the wind blows. And so it is. He says, everyone that's born of the spirit, there's no logic to it. There's no logic to it. You're not going to become a child of God. You're not going to understand the mind of God by by by by human reasoning or by trying to figure something out. Amen. That's just not the way it works. Amen. The the people of God, they'll never go against the word of God, but it's not predictable the way that believers will act. When I look at my own life, things I've left, places I've moved, when I've moved, I would have said, you know what, that's really weird. And I've made decisions that by most people's logic wouldn't have made a lot of sense when it came to employment and churches and ministry and all these different things. There's things in there that most people would have said probably not the best move. But through it all, there was leadership. By God's grace, by God's grace, there's leadership. And in the end, you see his hand and what he was doing at every step of the way. When you look back, he doesn't give us foresight. What does he give us? Faith. It's a walk of faith, not a walk of foresight. We're not prophets. We don't get to see everything. But if we can see what he's doing by the word and we can put it there, then we can say, "I've got faith that this is the right way to go." Amen. But the will of God is not the will of man. God's ways are higher. The scripture says his my ways are not your ways. My thoughts are higher than your ways. So you can't be stuck in your humanity with these things. Amen. To the to the human mind to be led of the spirit is off-putting. It's disconcerting. It's uncomfortable. Absolutely it is. Amen. It doesn't work with our human mind or logic. Brother B would say this. He says he said that he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he also. He cannot change that decision. He said these signs shall follow them that believe. He says if the life of Christ be in you, if the mind of Christ, he says, then we're concerned and do the things of Christ. I want to ask you as we're getting into the last couple of services in this series, what concerns you today? What concerns you when you get up in the morning? Amen. What is your priority? What is it that's courarssing through your mind? What is it you're seeking? What are you pushing for? What is it that inspires you daily? Do you even have inspiration? That's a hard question. Do you have inspiration for your day? Amen. Remember we led read last service there scripture that says in him we live and move and have our being. That means we ought to have an inspiration day by day. It ought to be a Christ inspiration. Amen. What is it that concerns us daytoday? What is it that gets us out of bed? What is our purpose from God that we're trying to achieve on a daily basis? Church, this is where we're at. We're the hands and feet of Christ. That means we've got to be doing something every single day for him. Amen. That has nothing to do with age. We can't put that on brother Bob and Sister Brenda. Sister Brenda's not here tonight. She's homesick. God bless Sister Brenda. She's always faithful. Amen. Sister Moren, Brother Mark Bark, Brother Gerald, Sister B. We can't say, "Let's put that on them." They're the ones that know what they're doing. This is not about age. This is relationship. It's always about relationship. It's come down to relationship. Look at the the prophet Samuel, just the young man. And if he could open his heart and let God speak to him, what can he do today? We don't have to be prophets to have relationship with God. We don't have to be prophets to be placed into a purpose, a kingdom purpose in the things that we do. Amen. But a life surrendered leads to relationship with Christ. So whether it's our young people in school, whether it's our older people in school, whether it's high school, whether it's elementary, whether it's homeschool and working with the homeschool group, whether it's those that are in university or or or community college, whatever it might be, when you're there, you're not just there to get an education. You're there to show Christ when you're at work, brothers. Remember when we preached on adoption, he said he was looking for what? Adoptive mechanics and teachers and this one and that one. We are lights. We are cities on a hill that cannot be hid. We're the salt of the earth. And so when we're in these places, we've got to realize there's more to this than just me getting a a paycheck out of it. There's more to this than me having a career or putting food on the table. Amen. We have to have a kingdom purpose. is not just a money purpose or an education purpose. I said before how much I appreciated brother Joe's difference and his approach to education compared to me. And that's what I went in there and my goal was to get in and get out and have as little to do with people in there as possible. Now that guards me, but it doesn't make me much of a testimony generally speaking. But when he went in there, he held his standard, but he did not shy away from talking to people. And I believe he was able to be a witness that I couldn't be just because he wasn't scared to talk to people. Amen. I I mentioned last service how I bought a a used pair of skates for myself. My mine are about 25 years old and starting to fall apart. They used to know how to build skates. 25 years out of a pair of skates. That's pretty good. But I I I went there and I I reached out to the guy and and the ad said he was a he was a professional hockey player. And so when I got there, I just wanted it was later in the evening. My wife had gone with me. We're all the way out in Loi Bay. It was dark. It was rainy. We just wanted to get there and get home. But when I walked in and I went to put him on, he just started talking and he seemed to want to talk. So, we stayed there for about 15 minutes just talking. But when I got back in the van, I I apologized to my wife. I said, "I didn't go in there meaning to stay long, but he just wanted to talk." And I said, when it happens then when those things happen, I said I just let it go because I don't know what's going to come out of that conversation, church. They may never see a Bible, but they may see me or you. And so that conversation might be the word revealed to them, and we don't know which direction it's going to take. And there's one thing I I know about professional uh athletes is that when they go out of their their competition, they usually have rough lives because they go from being a great person to being a nobody a lot of times. You know, if you're a Wayne Gretzky, everybody's always going to recognize you or or or whatever. But if you're just a run-of-the-mill pro, you walk down the street, nobody knows who you are 10 years later, much less 15 like this guy. And so I don't know where he's going with this. So I told her, I said, "I just when these days I'm I'm treating people differently, and I trust that it's the maturity that God is placing in my life as a pastor that I've got to be willing to let people talk and work with them and greet them and and meet them wherever they come to me, however it can come because I don't know when there's a I don't know who's the last seed. Let me put it that way. And it can be a pro hockey player. It can be a drunk on the road. It could be one of my colleagues or it could be one of my children. I don't know who it is." And so I said, "I'm sorry, but I just have to I I'm relaxing and allowing myself to just let God do something if he would want to do it." And you never know. You never know what you would say. So whether it's it's my mechanic, whether it's the guy doing the body work on my my car this week, whether it's my my my work colleagues, whether whoever it might be, I'm always putting just a little bit out there just to see if they respond because I'm trying to be about my kingdom purpose. Amen. We're the hands and feet of God, church. We're the body of Christ. We've got to be doing something for him. Remember we read that quote last service where brother Bam said, "God's got something in his mind that he's trying to do and it will behoove us to take a little time and pray and find out what the father is doing. Are we praying? Are we praying, Lord, would you have what would you have me to do today?" You know, I don't know what's going on in everyone's life, but I've appreciated my daughter. and she'll come back and she'll share what she shared at work that day with you know so and so who has a a family hardship or they have we prayed for pets church we're we're agnostic when it comes to prayer we'll pray for anybody you don't have to go to our church you just have to ask and we'll pray for you amen we prayed over all sorts of situations for things at her work and she lets them know they know that if she says she's going to pray she's going to pray she comes comes home and have family devotions. She says, "Hey, we need to pray about so and so or such and such." And we do. And we follow up on it until we get an answer. Amen. That's what we're supposed to be doing. And I'll say this, if I'm honest, I'm waking up differently these days. And I don't know if it's just me. Maybe maybe it is the Lord knows. Amen. But there's almost a nervousness at times because it seems like things are getting so tight. Things are winding down. And I'm saying, "Lord, what would you have me to do? Lord, why am I here today? What is the touch point for me, for somebody else, for your kingdom today? And that's a serious thought. That's a sobering thought. But what does it do? It sets an inspiration in my heart to do or say something for him that would make a difference in somebody's life eternally, whatever it might be. Amen. Remember what Jesus said? He said, "The harvest is ripe, but the laborers are few." Amen. Are we working for this guy or are we working for this guy? Amen. I know that's personal, but that's the life of a Christian when we come into spiritual maturity. Amen. Is that we're living for the kingdom purpose. Amen. That takes a a real commitment, church. That takes a heart desire to do something like that. Amen. It takes understanding the value of your relationship with Christ. And we're in the last times. And Jesus said, "You've got to continue what I've been doing. You're my hands and feet. You've got to continue because I'm going back to the father and you're going to get the same spirit and it's supposed to do the same things through you. It's the exact same thing that's supposed to happen. You say, "Brother John, what's my part? What do I do?" There's only one way to find it, and there's only one way to get it. He says, "I'm sure of this tonight. If you'd stand still long enough, don't get all frustrated. Stand still. God will reveal his design divine purpose to you. He says, "Get quiet and get still before him." I mean, I was talking to somebody the other day about our young sisters, not our young sisters, young sisters in general. Because I'll tell you what, these days it's tough to be a young person. It's tough to be a young man. It's tough to be a young sister. If we go back 30 years ago, every young sister was going to get married. That was pretty much guaranteed. That's what happened. But I'll tell you what, looking around today, not everybody's getting married. And not everyone's getting married at 21 or 22 or 19 the way it used to be. Amen. And so what does it take? It takes a a a seeking of God to say, "Lord, what would you have me to do with my life until?" Amen. And it's like Jesus, some, you know, sometimes he healed them all, sometimes he healed one, sometimes he healed none. There are those that need to stay home, and that's God's leadership. There are those that need to go to school and be a witness because they might have something else in store for them. And there are those that need to go into the workforce to do something else there. That's between you and God. But don't assume it's one or the other. Prayerfully seek it. I wouldn't push any young woman into the workforce. My daughter works. But when we were seeking with her, we looked for something that would keep her away from everything brother Brandham warned us about. It put her in a place where she could be a Christian woman and not get into a place of authority. She shouldn't have responsibility. She shouldn't have relationships she shouldn't have and allow her to live a clean life without having to to compromise to do what she wants to do. Amen. prayerfully seek and not get frustrated. You know what happens when we get frustrated, church? We start using these. We take things into our own hands. That's exactly what we do. I'm I'm testifying that's what we do. We take things into our own hands. And we're not going to get into it tonight, but we'll get into it Sunday, Lord willing. That's when we fail is when we take things into these little grubby mits of ours. That's when we fail. That's the only thing Moses did wrong, church. He took things into his own hands. He took things into his own hands. God isn't in a hurry. We're the ones get frustrated. We're the ones that get frustrated. We're the ones get tired of waiting and we take things and put it into our own hands. I was listening to that service you told me about, Brother Mark Donnie Reagan, preaching there. And he was talking about Saul. And Saul lost his kingdom over not waiting about a half hour. That's it. A half hour. And he took things into his own hands and God ripped the kingdom out of his hands. Amen. Church, the scripture says Jesus said to the disciples, he says, "Go and wait in Jerusalem until you be endued with power." That's what the Holy Spirit is. It's power. Amen. And the the power over others wasn't what they needed. Power over self was what they needed. Power they needed was not over sickness and death and hell and the grave. Amen. But they needed to have victory over self so they could yield themselves so they could start doing the works of Christ. Not the signs and wonders, the works, which is the will of the father. I heard a preacher say earlier this week, he said, "Spiritual maturity is coming to the place where you rely only on God." And if that isn't the truth, I don't know what is. Spiritual maturity is when you come to the place where it's it's him or it's no one. because when our grubby little mitts get involved, it doesn't work out so well. It just doesn't work that way. I thought that was pretty good. But I want to show you the potential for the believer in this age tonight. I want to give you an encouraging service, and I hope it'll inspire you over this these last few services we're preaching on the Holy Ghost. I want you to see there's more. There's not more of me. There's more for me. Amen. And that comes by giving myself away, by pouring myself out. And when I pour myself out, then he can pour himself in. And that's when we can start to see a greater reality of God. Amen. We're talking about bride potential tonight. If I was to have a a subtitle or a sub subtitle, it would be bride potential. Amen. I want us to see a greater reality of God in our lives. Amen. I don't I don't think the rapture is going to take us by surprise, church. I believe it'll be a slow progression of the reality of God in our lives. And I want to be a part of that. Brother says, "The works that I do shall you do also, not another work." But God wants to bring the Holy Ghost in you to continue the same work that he was doing in Christ. He says, "The work wasn't so needy in the days of Luther. That was God's church. A little bit more needy in the days of Wesley because the world, the Bible said, would get weaker and wiser and more wicked all the time." The world is getting more wicked. We know that. why men do things today that a hundred years ago you wouldn't have thought there'd have been a human being that cruel. That's absolutely the truth. He says so the Holy Spirit has been moving. There was just a little breath of it with Luther, a little blow of it with Wesley and a deeper blow of it with the Pentecostals. He says now the breath and the spirit have become the same church. What he's saying is it's no longer a movement. It's a person. Do you understand what I'm saying? It's not winds blowing. It's the spirit coming itself. Amen. He says she is uniting together bringing forth the same powerful blow of the Holy Ghost like he did back there is manifesting the same works that he did back there is being manifested right today. The exact he says it's the same thing. That's the potential for the bride of Christ in this age church. I say Lord let that be me where there's a unifying of him and me. There's a unifying of us together. Look, this is a body work, not an individual work. Can I say it that way? This is a body work. We've got to be in unity for God to really use us. That's the way that God does it. See what says there? He says, "She is uniting together. We've got to come together before he comes together with us because a kingdom divided against itself can't stand." So the the working of the spirit is to unify us together. We've got to be united under the same headship, Christ. We've got to be united under the word. Amen. Not just under social desires or a need for community or or a place to hang out with people. Amen. We've got to see our individual place. And we've got to be okay with that place. We've got to be content with what God has for us and be okay when somebody else has a different way, a different place, a different purpose, a different gift. Why are we okay with it? Because it's not my place. It's up to them. It's up to them and God. Amen. Church, our body works best when it's healthy, when it's connected, and working together. Anybody ever see an arm that was separated from the body that was working well? anyone? Me either. But yet, that's what we have too many times is people that'll say, "Well, I'm just going to go do this." And it's their own agenda. It's their own way. It's their own thinking. And it causes separation rather than unity. If it's the spirit of God working in us, it will unite us because there's only one way to get into the body of Christ, and that's by the Holy Ghost. So the Holy Ghost is a unifier, a joiner, not a separator of the body. That's the way that the Holy Spirit works. Amen. So when we're if our body works best when it's healthy, connected, and working together, then guess what? The body of Christ is best when it's healthy, connected, and working together as well. Listen, I can I can place this down here, and I can probably get this up somehow with my feet if I really want to, but it's a whole lot easier if I just reach down with my hand, isn't it? But the problem is some of us are hands and feet hands and we want to be feet or we're feet and we want to be hands. Brother Matt will know about this. There's sometimes when you don't have the right tool and what do you do, brother Matt? You make No, you don't. He does. You improvise. You use the wrong tool. And what you hope is the wrong tool works the one time you need it on this one thing. And when that breaks, then you go build another one. That's what brother Matt does. We're not brother Matt. Amen. We're not brother Matt. But for most of us mere mortals, when we don't have the right tool, what do we do? We go and we try and juryrig something together. And it might work, but it never works as well as the right tool. That's for sure. That's for sure. Amen. And so many times that's the problem is people want to be something other than what they are. They want to be in a position other than what God has for them. And so they're discontent in the position they're in because they're putting themselves there. And they're discontented because they're not where they ought to be. They they're not satisfied in any place. But because they want to be here, they'll keep pushing. But we got to find where he wants us and sit there and be content. And I'll tell you this, when you find your place and stay there, his yoke is easy and his burden is light. Because you're not doing it, he's doing it. You're not forcing it. He's blessing it. Amen. That's the way God works. That's the way God works. I'm not sure why I'm here. This was sort of in my notes, but but we'll just trust the Lord on it. Amen. But the problem so many times is we want to be something what we're not. And by that I mean we want to be something that God hasn't called us to be. You know, we all want to be um listen, as as a young woman, I think most most young women would love it if a if a young man came over from the other side of the room, you know, at a youth camp and said, "You know what? When I walked into this camp, you're the only one I saw. You just stood out. Your grace, your long hair, your beauty, your modesty, everything about you is perfect. And I just wanted to tell you that you above all else at this camp are the greatest young woman here. We would love that. We would love it if we had the perfect form, the perfect clothes, the perfect nose, perfect hair, perfect complexion, perfect shoes, the whole package. Amen. But remember what Paul said about the body. He said the parts that are seem that seem more feeble are the more necessary ones. You know what? You know, people walk up to brother Paul on a regular basis and say, "You know what? that physique. Wow. They do it all the time. But you know what people don't do, Sister Amber? They don't walk up and say, "My, what a beautiful heart you have." Boy, you really work that heart out, do they? But let me tell you that perfect form that brother Paul has, he can still function if he was ugly. But take away his heart and see how well he does. See, remember what Paul said? He said, "The things that are least comely, God has given greater importance." Amen. Those that are unrecognized are often the most critical. Amen. Church, we're not working for men's accolades. Can I say that? What we're working for is eternal treasure. And that comes from finding our place and staying there and say, "Lord, let you bless it because I'm doing your will, not mine." Amen. I'll tell you this. People may not come up and say, "You've got a beautiful heart pumping in there." But I'll tell you this, go without your heart a day. Go without your liver a day. You'll die real fast. It's the critical things. Listen to what Paul said. This is in the amplified. I thought it was a little better this way. He says, "But God has so adjusted. He's mingled, harmonized, and subtly proportioned the parts of the whole body, giving the greater honor and richer endowment to the inferior parts which lack apparent importance. See, we assign all of the all of the importance to the visible things." Remember brother talks about a woman and he says her prayers were the reason for the success of a set of meetings. One woman that was praying on her knees in her closet. He said she was the reason the meetings were successful. One woman. Everyone will give all the credit to brother Brandham. Brother Brham says it was this woman that had a burden on her heart that made this happen. This is what Paul's saying. See, we assign importance, but there's what we see and there's what God sees. Why does God do it this way? He says, "So that there should be no division or discord or lack of adaptation of the parts of the body to each other." See, we can say, "Well, well, brother so and so or sister so and so, they don't really do much. Let's just let them go. They can do whatever they want. They can come. They can go, you know, whatever. We'll just slot them in." No, we can't do that. We adapt to all of the parts of the body. We make them all welcome. We pull them all in. That's what we're supposed to be doing. Why? But the members are but the members all alike should have a mutual interest in and care for one another. In other words, God's not coming for a bride that's all about looks. It's not about who looks the best or or or who has the best figure or these things, but what he's coming for is a bride that's in unity and a bride that's in balance. That's what he's coming for. Amen. And so in these things, she won't be like so many today. And you have to laugh. I was speaking with my wife about the things that women do to themselves these days. And you know, I've got a niece or a cousin and her eyelashes are about yay long. When she flaps, you feel a breeze. When she blinks. Who told you that looked good? It It looks inc It looks insane. I saw I saw a video. God forgive me. I saw a video of a of a a young girl that had those same kind of lashes sitting on a speedboat and her her eyes were going cuz they were so long and the boat was going so fast. She couldn't control her own eyelashes because the lift from the speed of the boat, the wind passing over it caused her eyelids to flutter uncontrollably. Church, you've gone too far. Don't go that far. But every woman today in this world seems like they want to push out or push in every part of their body. Thin them out here, push them out there. curves here, flat there. Everything's about putting on a show. Everything's about hiding the reality of who and what they are. That's not who God's coming for in a bride. Amen. He's coming for a bride that is dressed in his clothes, his righteousness, that is pure, unreprovable, unblameable, without wrinkle, spotless, modest imbalance. He's not coming for a Dolly Parton. Okay, that's not what he's coming for. He's coming for a bride that glows with the humility of the gospel. Amen. That does not look out there to affirm or confirm her beauty. We'll be touching on this in the next series, but I want to give you this one thing. People ask, "Is it wrong to do thus and that?" I say, "That's the wrong question." I say, "What is it that's causing you to even add it in the first place?" Because there's only two influences. It's not about right or wrong. Paul said, "There's nothing wrong in and of itself unless it's strictly forbidden by the word." But what influence is it? Because he says, "I won't allow it to have power over me." That shows there's an influence. There's a power behind everything that's coming into our lives that's being offered to us to take into our lives, I should say. Amen. of this this bride that Christ is coming for is one that is focused on pleasing one person and one alone and that's him. That's him and she'll stand alone when she does that. Brother Abraham says when God made the covenant with Christ, Christ made it with the church and the same Holy Ghost was on Christ will have to be in the church or it won't go in the rapture. He says he doesn't have a freak body. There won't be one piece of it hanging this way and one hanging that way. Called Methodist, one Baptist, one Presbyterian, one Pentecostal, one message. If we're going for titles, we might as well add our own in there. It's not a message church that's going. It's a bride that's going. Not all that say Lord, Lord. Not all that say William Brandon, William Brown, not all that say message. Amen. by the souls that have received him. He says it'll be it'll all be the Holy Ghost that was in Christ Jesus will be in the church. In other words, it won't be conglomerated because he's talking about groups here. That's what he's talking about. Okay? What are our groups today? And I'm sorry to say we have it. We have groups gathered around brother so and so, around this gift, around this ministry, around this style of preaching, this style of teaching. I'm sorry to say it, but it's in the ranks, church. It's been a long time. It's been a long time, hasn't it, Brother Gerald? Absolutely, it has. But I believe God is leveling the field. I believe that God is making changes where he's taking the big eyes away. And what is the purpose? We must decrease so that he can increase. That's what he's looking to do. Amen. And as he increases, it'll be because we have humbled ourselves before him rather than raised ourselves up before the people. Amen. He says it'll rapture it and it'll go right straight to its place and God's covenant people will go in go in in the rapture. He says, "Hallelujah." Church, what needs to happen? We've got to get in position. Amen. Not what I want. Clearly not what I want, not what you want either. Amen. But what God has for ordained for us, not what you prefer, not what we prefer for ourselves. Amen. But we've got to get to the position where God has called us and remain there and be content and at peace there. And that takes prayer. That takes prayer. And once you've got your answer, that takes commitment. Because guess what? Not everybody's going to have a revelation of your position. Can't you say that? Amen to that, brother Bob. Not everyone's going to have a revelation of your position, but that doesn't change a thing. Jesus had critics. Guess what? We're going to have critics, too. Because some of us have to mature and recognize God uses other people. And he uses them in different ways than we do. That takes commitment. That takes being willing to be molded and shaped and prepared so that you can fit into the body of Christ. And that takes the Holy Spirit. I've said it before so many times. What makes us one is not that we're all on common ground, church. The the Christianity preaches out of this. This is supposed to be common ground. And do we all get along? Nope. Not at all. So, it's not about common ground that's going to hold us. Amen. But what gets us along? What keeps us together? There's only one thing, church. The Holy Ghost. The reason I get along with brother Matt is the Holy Ghost. That's it. The reason I get along brother Mark is the Holy Ghost. That's it. And everyone in between. I went to two extremes there of the church. That's the reason we get along is because they've got the same spirit and we're in the same body. And therefore, we have to get along. Amen. It's the only way to get into it is by the Holy Ghost. He's the one that makes us get along. He's the one that gets us to our place. He's the one that gives us contentment. He's the one that helps us find purpose, his purpose in our life. Brother Van puts it this way. He says, "Now today, you see, faith is designed to do this. The same faith today should see the same thing. A faith of the church today should see the same program of God." He says, "I want you to don't miss this. Now, the church today that's called of God will certainly see the program of God because the program of God is written out here." And he's pointing to his Bible. He says the blueprint and the Holy Spirit by faith is the one who reads it and sets it together. How do we know the program of God? He sends us a message. He reveals his word to us. Amen. But there's a focus in the word that God reveals to us. And when we recognize that message, what do we become? Remember Christ is revealed in the final age as the amen. Remember that when you look in Revelations 3, he says, he says he's the amen, the the beginning and the end in these different things. Amen. And so the amen is not just the speaker, but it's the receiver. It's not just the giver, but it's the manifesttor. It's Christ being revealed from what he said he do to what he is doing. Amen. And so it's a manifestation of the word of Christ and it's in his bride which is his final work. Amen. So what is it that what happens when we receive the message? We become the amen people. That's what happens. We become the so beets. We become the truly truly the verily verily. We become the proof of the word. That's what's happening in this age. Amen. There's a people that will receive what God has sent us. We'll believe it. We'll apply it and we'll have faith in it until he does exactly what he said he was going to do, which is a resurrection and a rapture. That's what we get that nobody else does. Amen. When the word of God went out, church, because it is the amen, there is automatically a people that have to receive it because God's word won't return to a void. It always goes out with purpose. Amen. And so God's word is the driver for all the things that we see happening. When the Bible says, "By his stripes, we are healed." The amen of that is there's somebody that's got to be healed. We're the amen. You see that? When he goes and he says, "He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted." Guess what? There's a brokenhearted person here for him to bind up. worthy amen of that scripture. Amen. When he says, "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed." Guess what? There's an amen. People that say, "That's me." And they don't just say it, but they become it. They are it. They go in a resurrection. They will go in a rapture. They will fulfill that scripture. We can look at God's word all through history, and we can see where he gave it. And then we can see where he fulfilled it. And who does he fulfill it in? People. It's a person. It's always a person. It's the Amen people. Amen. And God has spread the fulfillment of his word all over time. And and in these last 2,000 years, that that that group is a bride of people prepared, the true church. And they're there to receive it, to apply it, to believe it, to manifest it, to prove it, to show it to the world. Amen. We're the evidence of the word today. That's what you are. Whether you you you recognize that or not. Abraham says God allotted his word out to each age. And each one of those ages has to manifest that. He says, "And he also fore ordained men for that age to fulfill that word." Every time he allotted his word, he allotted a man for it. When he allotted Moses time, he allotted Moses to it. When he allowed the time for the son of God to be born, he allotted him to it. Every age he's allotted his man for ordained as the Bible said. Now, we can look at that and we can put that on prophets and ministry and these different things. But watch, he's preaching on the rapture here. I don't know if you noticed, but it's not only prophets go on the rapture. It's a people. It's a body that's going to go. It's the body bride of Christ. He says, "And the portion of his word that's allotted for this day, his Holy Spirit is here to manifest that portion of the word." That's why it's so important to know your day and its message because that's what you're supposed to produce. That's what you're supposed to fulfill. We preach the same gospel as Paul preached, but he was only fulfilling one portion of it. There are portions he fulfills and we fulfill, but there are portions that only he could fulfill. And there are portions that only we could fulfill. They fulfill the resurrection. Guess what we do? We fulfill the rapture. And no matter how much Paul believed, he can't fulfill the rapture. Only we can because he's dead and gone on to the other side. Amen. They overcame the air age and its challenges. And most of them paid it for it with their lives. We overcome our age. We've got a price to pay that's different than theirs. It's the same word, but they have something for them and we have something for us. We have different instructions even in this age because the challenges are different. Amen. Their problem was they'd left their first love. Not in Paul's day after Paul went on. Those people, what happened? They left their first love and their challenge was to reverse it by coming back to Christ the word and letting the Holy Spirit take over the church again. And some people heard it and received it and they did it and they were overcomers. Amen. The problem we have today is that people think they're Christians and they're not. They're just religious. And the challenge is to receive the correction of the word, of the full word, and actually receive Christ. That's the challenge. The problem is you think you've got it all. The challenge is to recognize you don't and actually come into Christ. Amen. people that are so convinced they're Christian, but they're just religious actors. That's really what people are today in this Christian world. Unfortunately, church, we live in the most deceiving age of all. Satan's had 6,000 years of practice to bring him up to here. Amen. And we're in the most subtle of ages where where Satan's got so many avenues to get into our lives, it seems. Remember what the what the scripture says that it would that that all no flesh would be saved except he cut time short. But out of this impossible age, out of this fallen age, out of the most subtle of all ages where even brother Brown would say that this this the two spirits working within the framework of the church are so close that they would deceive the very elected if it were possible. out of that comes one thing, an amen bride. That through it all, she says, "I'll believe it." And God is drawing a bride out in a supernatural way. Church, you're sitting here supernaturally this evening. It may not seem like it may seem like you're here cuz mom and dad go to church. It may seem like this is just what we do, but there's a supernatural event that's going on, and it's the preparation of a bride for a rapture tonight. That's what's going on when we come here. my that's why I don't understand when people miss church. It's because they don't understand what's happening. That's what's going on. It's not just here. It's at home in your devotions and these things. But let me tell you, it's special when you come together with believers. Amen. You're strengthened with believers. The anointing is more powerful with the believers. The encouragement you get from the believers, the fellowship, it keeps us together. It keeps us as a body. Amen. because we only get a a half a day at best every every week and the other six and a half days we're out here and we're there and we're working and and making a living and and trying to live. But we come in here and it's a time for the body to get together and help heal and and join itself together. Amen. It's the most subtle of times, but God's still doing something and he'll take us through. He says he deals with the church as individuals, each individual in the church. And now it's gotten out of time. And he says, "And it's no secret. We all see it. When a man is proven and God loves him, he takes him out somewhere to himself there in front of the angels. He does something for him. He lifts him up there in the presence of God and gifts him and fills him and sets him out." That's the age we're living in, church. I'm preaching about bride potential tonight. You say, "I don't have that yet, Brother John." I'm showing you potential. I'm showing you potential. Listen, Brother Gerald didn't get where he is overnight, as far as I know. Amen. Our elders didn't get where they were going overnight, but they got there. They got there. And that's what I want you to see. There's potential. Amen. This is it. He said, "The same Holy Spirit that saved the Lutheran, that sanctified the Methodists, that baptized the Pentecostals, is now setting in order the coming of the Lord Jesus." He says when it'll be so powerful that body will come into this group a church that'll draw the rest of them from the grave that he would draw together in crawl that are one in Christ both in heaven and in earth both above and below all of them have to join together he says there'll be a resurrection that's what the Holy Ghost is for what is the Holy Ghost without us they cannot be made perfect church if they can't be made perfect without those that gone apart and have gone by way of the grave. How much more can we not be perfect unless we're together as a body? That's why Paul said, "Forsake not the assembling of yourselves together." All the more as you see the day approaching because it's a gathering time. It's a unifying time under Christ the word by the power of the Holy Spirit. You can't be gathered together and unified if you're not present. It doesn't work that way. It doesn't work that way. He says they lived in one day under that. We live in another day. He said when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise up a standard against it. See now when we need it, when we need it, the spirit of God raises a standard. He says, "What is it?" He is pouring in his spirit. I say, "Lord, pour in your spirit tonight. Lord, I need more of your spirit tonight." Why? Because the enemy is raising their standards. And there's got to be somebody to meet the challenge. and not just meet the challenge, but overcome the challenge. Amen. He's looking for overcomers in this age. He says, "Then those who are resting out yonder in the grave or under the altar of God, as the scripture says, are crying, "How long, Lord? How long? How much longer?" He says, "God is waiting on me and you." The church is waiting on me and you. He says, "Adoption time." What is adoption time? How are you ready for adoption? for placing as a son or daughter of God. When the tutor comes and says, "He talks like you, she walks like you, he thinks like you, she reacts like you, she is you all over again." That's what he's looking for. Adoption time when God can pour into us his fullness, his power, his resurrection. He says that when the church and Christ become so close together till Christ becomes visible among us and raises the dead and we go into the rapture. I say Lord help me be a part of that. Oh my. We're talking about bride potential tonight church that Christ and you could be so close that he is visible in our midst and it causes the resurrection to happen. Hallelujah. What a position he's offered us. Look, this is a look at the message here. What was the Holy Ghost given for? What's it given for? It's to raise the dead and take us in a rapture. That's the ultimate goal. Get us out of here and get us back to where we came from. But it's got to be a people that wants to go and a people that's ready to go and a people that's calling to go and a people that's laying down so they can get out of here. That's who he's coming for, church. Paul said in Romans, he said, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall," that's a guarantee. He shall quicken also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. That's the ultimate purpose of the Holy Spirit. Get us out of here. But to do that, church, he's got to do a work on the inside. And that's why we're here. That's why we're stuck here for a while because we can't have another Adam and Eve all over again. We can't have that. We can't have that. Amen. The Holy Spirit has to do a work in our souls to get us ready for eternity. Brother Ram says God's everlasting eternal token. It's eternal life by eternal go by the eternal God. Anything that had a beginning has an end. And everything that had a beginning and everything had a beginning besides God. He says God's the only form of eternal life there is. And when God places his Holy Spirit in you, which is God. And when God places himself within you, you're as eternal as God is because you're a part of him because you become a son or a daughter of God and you are displaying his word. He says, "Hallelujah. I feel religious." Notice how he says it. He places his spirit within you. Why? Because you're a part of him. And you become, you always are, but you have to exhibit the nature and attributes of a son and daughter of God. That's a process of time. Adoption is a process of time. The placing happens in a moment, but the process to get to the placing that takes time. It's the becoming of a son of God. It's the becoming of a daughter of God where he look where the tutor looks at you and he says you're just like your daddy. And that's when the father says all right you're ready to be placed. He says that's true. God identifies it himself. You've got eternal life and that's God in you. And this word is God and that word lives and produces one thing itself. I saw there's a man that calls himself a prophet. And he was preaching to a mostly poor group of black people. And he was saying, "If you want to, how many here rent?" And they, you know, a bunch of them raise their hands. He said, "How many of you owe payments on your car?" Raise your hands. He said, "If you'll give a a car payment to me," he says, "I guarantee your car will be paid off in the next year. I guarantee that God will give you a house in the next year." You're talking bribe potential, and all we can focus on is paying our car off or paying our house off. What a shame. And there's people just lapping it up because they're so desperate. So desperate for this world. Poor things led astray by a false prophet. Amen. But what's he wanting to give us? The word. The word. He says just exactly what God has ordained for this age. You have it. Amen. And the Holy Spirit being displayed. Yes, sir. What is it? The word has been quickened to you by the Holy Spirit to vindicate this age that you have passed from death unto life. Now, church, I don't know if you know this, but dead people don't act the same way as living people. They don't. They don't. Take my word for it. Dead people act differently than living people. Dead people just are. Living people, they have purpose. They build, they create, they share, they work with each other, they interact. Dead people just lay there. And what do they do? They decay. They fall apart. They do nothing. Amen. We can't say we pass from death unto life and do what everyone else is doing. You can't. And by everyone else, I mean this world. If our life is no different from the world's except that we go to church, we haven't passed from death unto life. We're just acting. Amen. That's straight, but it's true. Because he says the word produces itself. So when we've come into Christ, the word has to be produced. I was thinking on this, we'll get into it. This is my most favorite saying now in this next series. So many people are talking about what the Holy Ghost won't do. You know what I want to know, church? What will the Holy Ghost do? That's what I want. I want what he does, not what he doesn't do. That's what'll help our young people. That's what'll help us all is if we know what he'll do. And he says here, he'll display the word. He'll produce the word. He'll produce a life that's worthy of the gospel is what he's saying. Amen. Can we say we've been born again by the spirit if our life is no different than the world except we go to church? That's not a born again experience. We've been born again by the Holy Spirit. What's it doing for us? What is it doing for us? I'll tell you one thing. It's separating you from this world and it's drawing you closer home. That's what it does. That's what it does. That's my prayer every time I'm in that office. Lord, draw us a little bit closer to you and draw us a little further away from this world. Amen. It draws us closer to to Christ. And church, we don't always feel it. We don't always see it. We don't always know it's happening on I I look around tonight at the happy couple. Happy couples. Sister Brenda's not here. I'd hope to have two at least, brother Bob. You know, Sister Brenda, come on. We look around and you've been married over 50 years, right? How long? 43. And brother Gerald's I think over se how many years 60 55 53 after 53 years and we look around and we see the joy and love on their faces. We see how brother Mark can start a sentence and sister Morin will finish it. Right? We see how brother Bob starts to say something and Sister Brenda is already rolling her eyes because she knows what he's about to say. And she finds it mildly amusing, but she can't let that go. So, she rolls her eyes instead. And we see Brother Gerald will start to say something and Sister Betty just puts her hand on his knee and says, "Come on, Gerald." Now, guess what? That didn't happen overnight, did it? It didn't happen overnight. How did it happen? constant relationship, unbroken relationship, commitment. And I'll tell you this, they can't finish each other's sentences and have those little things pass between. They don't even have to say words, church. They know what each other's thinking half the time. But let me tell you, can you tell me the day that happened? Joel says, "Definitely not. You can't tell me when it happened. All you know is at some point it happened and it's happening. And it's happening. Amen. The results showed eventually. They're showing us marriage potential. But when they started, it was just potential. But now they've got what we want in our marriages. I think whatever she wants us to do, right, brothers? That's what we want. Too brave to even nod. But I want you to take that. As far as I know, our elder married couples are happy. Help me. Yes. Nod. Amen. It's like it's like the brother that was down the states and he always drove a pickup and and his wife said, you know, how come you don't cuddle up to me in the car the way you used to? He says, I haven't moved my position. They used to have the bench seats, of course, you know, and she'd cuddle up to them. But anyways, take that. Take the happiness you see in Nan and Pop. Brother Mark and Sister Moren, the rice smiles that Sister Betty shares from time to time. Take all that and multiply it by a million. And that's the potential we have with Christ. Because guess what? Now, Sister Moren has been known for her sweetness all her life. always evente tempered, always a sweet word. I'm teasing Sister Morin right now and she knows it. But imagine the possibilities if your spouse was an actual angel rather than just a figurative angel. We say, you know, our brothers, if we have any good sense of us, we say our wife's the better of the two a lot of times because she to have a little more patience, a little more grace, a little more love, a little more endurance maybe. But take that and imagine that your spouse, no matter what complexes you offered, what pain you threw at them, what misunderstandings, what tantrums, what tiredness, whatever you threw at them, it didn't matter. They always came back with love, the right answer, the right response, the right touch every single time. That's what Christ offers because he's perfect and he's bound himself to us by grace by grace to take us through so that we're fit for him. Can you imagine? I think that make us want to be more like our spouse if our spouse has acted like that rather than abuse their good nature. You know, I've always said this. I've always said it to the wives because I've experienced it myself, but I believe it works both ways. Treat your spouse the way you want them to be and watch them grow into what you want them to be. Because we desire to meet the expectations of those we love. If my treats if my wife treats me like I'm the world's best husband, guess what? I want to be the best husband. If I've got any good in me at all, I want to be what she believes me to be, how she treats me to be. And it raises the standard up in my life. Amen. That's what Christ is doing with us is he's saying, "Listen, I picked you for a reason. I picked you because you got the right stuff. You're built from the same things I'm built from. You're going to overcome because I've made sure you're going to overcome because I'm here to take you all the way through. And it doesn't matter if you lose your tentrum, your your temper go into a tantrum. Doesn't matter if you fail. Doesn't matter if you think you're nothing. Doesn't matter if you have a big nose. It doesn't matter. I've chosen you. I've espoused myself to you. And I'm going to see it all the way through to a marriage and a marriage supper. That's what he's trying to do. He's encouraging us. Come along. Don't look at yourself. Look at me. Don't get caught up in yourself. Get caught up in me. Let yourself commit to me and watch what happens when you do. If you're tired of trying, commit to him and let him do the work in your life. Amen. You know, I always enjoy it when I'm watching kids play or even teaching my own and they're whether they're playing a sport, you know, trying to figure out how to do a slapshot or how to swim or whatever it might be and and they're saying, "I can't do it. I can't do it." You know, because usually what happens is they watch their their their older kids do it or they watch me do it or or whatever and and it looks so easy and then they go and do it and they can't do it at all right away. say they can't do it. And so what do you do? You work with them a while. You work with them a while. And then what happens is one day they do what they've been trying to do because you've told them you can do it. You can do it. And so what happens is they go out and they score that big goal in a game or or they finally get going on their bike without the training wheels and all of a sudden they're like, "Hey, I can do it." And they're unstoppable after that. They're unstoppable because you've taught them they're more than conquerors. They didn't realize it, but you've taught them they're more than conquerors. And so what do they do always? They go into delusions of competency and they go too far and next thing they're coming in with blood dripping all off their face because they went too fast on their bike. But they can ride their bike. They can ride their bike. Amen. No different with God and us when God gets us centered on him, listening to what he's saying, doing what he's telling us to do, abiding with him, reading his word, having conversation with him. What does he do? He centers us in on what we can do, what we're meant to do, what we're supposed to do. And all of a sudden, what happen is faith kicks in and we finally do it. And once we do it once, church, you never wonder if you can do it again. I mean, golf to me is the greatest example of this. You hit one good shot and you're convinced you can hit every shot good. You can't, but you're still convinced you can. And you go after it again and again and again. It's a it's a game of of futility. Absolutely it is. Well, for me, but this Christian walk is not a walk of futility because as you take one step, he gets you ready for the next step and the next step and the next step. And it's all a walk of faith that's producing the word inside of your life. I'll tell you this, God does one thing for you in your life. You'll trust him for that the rest of your life. You commit your finances to him once and he comes through. You know what? That should give you faith to commit him the rest of your life. God heals you once, give you faith for the rest of your life. Because when he's done it once, you know he can do it again and again and again and again. And all he's waiting for is a people that'll be the amen people. Be it unto me. I accept it. It's for me. Amen. What happens? as we start to develop some confidence in what he's saying about us rather than what these five senses and the inner five senses are screaming at us day by day. But it comes by focusing in on him. What's a coach trying to get us to do when you're when they're training us? Do what they want us to do. Stop trying it our way and start doing it their way. That's how you're going to win. That's how you're going to succeed. And it's no different with God. Brother says it this way. He says, "But a man has a soul." He says, "And therefore that soul is a part of God. And even in its fallen state, yet it's the greatest species of all the species of the earth is the man." He says, "And then get him in connection with his maker. He becomes a superman almost because he's a son of God. He becomes acquainted with his maker, with the creator of all things. And then when that man there acquainted with his maker becomes a part of his maker, comes back into fellowship with his maker, every divine word becomes a living reality to him and he believes it. I feel like I need to read that again. He says, "A man has a soul. Therefore, that soul is a part of God. And even in its fallen state, anybody feeling fallen this evening? Yeah, cuz I'm in the flesh. Brother Joe's back there screaming. It's obvious, Brother John. We're all in a fallen state. Just move on. Even in its fallen state, you know what he's saying? regardless of what it looks and feels like. Okay? It's the greatest species of all the species of the earth is the man. And now what do you have to do? He says, "And then get him in connection relationship abiding with his maker. He becomes a superman almost because he's a son of God." Where is the power for that child of God? connection with his maker. Connection with his maker. He said he becomes acquainted with his maker with the creator of all things. And then when that man there acquainted with his maker becomes a part of his maker. How do you become a part of your spouse? Connection. Connection. Listen. If we put brother Mark here and sister Morin over there, guess what? There's no connection there. They've got to get together. They got to spend time together. They got to talk to each other. They got to share things with each other. They got to plan things together, make decisions together, produce things together. That's all part of being in connection. Amen. He says he becomes a part of his maker. He comes back into fellowship with his maker. Every divine word becomes a living reality to him. And he believes it. We're talking about the bride potential tonight. The amen people. You know, it amazes me when we look back when God offered relationship finally to a people because remember God offered relationship to individuals from the beginning. He had an individual relationship with Noah and we see him come through and he has an individual relationship with Abraham. And then from Abraham he goes to Isaac and then Isaac to Jacob and Jacob to Joseph and Joseph on to Moses. It was always just men or or or or a family if we could put it that way. just one one person and then everyone kind of came in under that blessing and that's why they call him the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. It was a a direct thing with those individuals. But now God takes Israel out of Egypt. He takes them into the promised land and he comes and he reveals himself to them. He speaks to them and what is he doing? He's offering relationship. And what do they do? They turn him down out of fear. They turn them down out of fear and they say, "Work through Moses and give us a law and we'll have relationship with you through the law. We'll have relationshipship through you with another man." And that decision became a thorn in their flesh until Christ came and took it away. Because what did they do? Remember, they chose the law of God over the relationship of God. And that brought judgment instead of grace. Remember the scripture says love coverth a multitude of sins. Love is relationship, okay? Not works, not performance. Listen, I love my wife whether or not she makes a fantastic meal every night, which she does, by the way. But if she stopped, I would still love her. I would still love her if she didn't make her hair beautiful every day because she was too busy. because there's too much going on. I would still love her. Why? Because we're in a relationship, not in a work. That's not what it is. We're not under works. Amen. Love is gracious. Works is legalism. That's really what we're getting at. Amen. And so, it's because I'm choosing relationship with her rather than what she does for me. The relationship supersedes all the works. You see that love covers a multitude of miss meals. I'm choosing that and she's chosen that with me and that works pretty well for us. Amen. But we would be most miserable if all it was was, well, you didn't do this and therefore I'm not going to do that. And it becomes a tip for tat and it destroys the marriage. Church, I mean, you look at Abraham, you talk about grace. I was talking with a with a brother about this this week. Abraham lies to Aimilec. He says that Sarah is my sister. It was a halftruth because she was a half sister. He says, "She's my sister. That man is a righteous man." But he takes her for his wife. And God comes to him at that night in a dream and says, "You're a dead man because you've taken another man's wife." He says, "God, you know me. You know my heart." He said he was she was his sister and I took him at his word. And God says, "Go to Abraham and pray for him." He says, "And then I won't kill you." You talk about grace. Abraham has lied. Abraham has put another person's life in jeopardy. And the grace of God tells that man, "Go and ask Abraham to pray for you. Humble yourself before my son, before my prophet." That's what grace looks like. That's not law. That's grace. Abraham was surrounded in grace. He was wrapped in grace. And the bride is no less wrapped in grace. Amen. Church, I say, "Lord, I want grace tonight. Wrap me in your grace." I'll say this in my prayer. I I think I inherited this from brother Gerald. I say grace so many times when I'm praying to God. Lord, grant brother so and so grace. Grant brother, sister so s grace. Lord, we need your grace in this situation because that's what we're robed in is his grace, not our works, not our righteousness, not something we've done to deserve it. I want grace above all else. I want grace. But the children of Israel said, just give us a law. We'll do the law. We'll relate to you by the lives that we live. And they never could. And they never did. What an opportunity, miss, church. What an opportunity. Amen. They figured they could do it on their own. They figured they could live a life that could satisfy God. And they gave up relationship for works. And what did that do? It put the burden on their shoulders instead of his. Because with Abraham, Abraham just had to walk. The burden was on God to produce the child. But when you take law, now the burden's on you to do what God wants. And we see what the law produced. Judgment. Judgment. Judgment. Amen. They made it about them instead of God. Now listen to this as we close this evening. He says, "Now that's where people think today of divine healing or some any other work of grace of God that there's something you have to do. There's nothing you have to do but believe. Just believe God." And they if they would have continued on, he's talking about the children of Israel walking with God. If they would have continued on, the promise wasn't given them under the law. He said the promise was given them before the law without any conditions to it. I've given you this land. Go on over into it. But before they got to that promise, they decided there was something they must do themselves. He says, "And that we still find that among human beings were prone to be that way. There's something we've got to do. We feel that that we've got to have something into it also. He says you do have something into it. That's your surrender of your own will, your own ideas to the will and idea of almighty God and it's finished. He says that's all there is. He says just take his promise. Don't think of nothing else. Walk by it and God does the rest of it. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this evening. I say, "Lord, help me surrender my own will and my idea, my own ideas to the will and idea of almighty God." And then say, "It's finished." See, that's where we stand. Having done all stand, stand and say, "Lord, I believe. Lord, I'm trusting. Lord, I'm holding. Lord, I'm waiting." And we stay there until he does what he said he was going to do. Why? because we're the amen people. Amen, Lord. Be it unto me, Lord. I'm part of your bride. I'm part of that end time body. I'm part of that true church. And I'm trusting you to do what you said you're going to do. I'm expecting the promise of your word. Amen. And that means living like we mean it. That means talking like we mean it. That means testifying like we mean it. Amen. It's living like we're going to experience it because we are. One day it's got to happen. Amen. We're the final Amen. We're the final voice. We're the living proof of the word for this age. We're elected to vindicate God's word in this age. You will judge the earth, not by the words you say so much as the life you live. Amen. You know, I had to go to court this week. Uh a brother that borrowed my car got a bad parking ticket and I had to go to court to to try and fight for him. And I'll tell you what, it was it was a female justice that was there. And I I appreciated her attitude. She was considerate for those of us that were not lawyers. And she was looking to show grace rather than judge us all. And what a wonderful thing it is. Amen. But she's there in the end to back up the law. She's there to hold us to the law. Well, Christ comes and he's here to hold us to the word, but not to judge us, but to get us out of here. It's a different thing. He's no longer our judge. He's our advocate. He's there to encourage us. He's there to bring us up to it rather than push us down because of it. Do you see the difference? The judge has now become the advocate. It's grace, grace, grace. As brother Gerald always said, crying grace, grace, grace. And that's what he's pressuring us with, grace. He's wrapping us in grace. Keep going. Keep moving. Keep believing. Keep pressing. Keep trusting. Keep praying. Keep asking. Keep hoping. Keep the faith. Amen. That's what he's looking for. That's the bribe potential of this age. Amen. Is when we can let God's word have full control in our lives and rest on it. Rest on it until he does what he says he would do. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, it's good to be a Christian today. Lord, it's good to be living under the promise of your word. Lord, it's good to be living under the presence of your spirit in our lives, each one. Lord, I pray that we take what's been said tonight, Lord. And I don't believe any of us can say we've got the full potential tonight. We have all the potential, Lord. But I don't believe it's all realized yet, Lord, because we're still here. We're still fighting. We're still believing, Lord. And we've got battles to fight, Lord. We may have battles we lost today, Lord. But we're believing we're overcomers. We're believing we're victors. We're believing that you're raising a standard in our life, Lord, that will overpower the enemy, Lord. We want to be a witness. We want to be a testimony for you, Lord. And I pray that your spirit would be on the youngest to the oldest, heavenly father. Lord, that you would help us to live a life that's worthy of this gospel, Lord. That it would reflect the vindicated word of this age, Lord. That people would see us and see a reality, Lord, of you day by day. Open their eyes, Lord. Open our eyes, Lord. Help us to see oursel in your word, Lord. Help us to trust the process, Lord. Help us to commit ourselves a new to you every single day. We pray. Strengthen your people, Lord. Strengthen us, Lord. Encourage us day by day, Lord. Lord, we see where David went to ziglag and things looked so hor just absolutely horrible. Looked like everything was lost, Lord. But the scripture says that David encouraged himself in the Lord. Lord, I pray we've got something to encourage oursel with, Lord. The testimonies you've given us, the answers you've given, the provision, Lord, the leadership, the guidance, the healing, Lord, whatever it may be. Lord, let us remind ourselves of what you've done in the past, Lord, to raise faith for what we need you to do in the present and future. Lord, let us look at our book of remembrance tonight and in the coming days, Lord, to know that you are all that you say you are. Lord, you're a God that never breaks his word. Lord, bless your people tonight. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Be it unto me. Uh 10:08. Be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. is. Oh, I can stand secure right upon my heart. the truth. [Music] &gt;&gt; Your word, oh Lord, be it unto me. be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand secure [Music] right upon my heart. The truth that sets me free according to your word. Oh Lord, be it unto me. One more time. Be it unto me. According to your word, according to your promises. Oh, I can stand secure right upon my heart. The truth that sets me free. [Music] your word, oh Lord, be it unto me. Holy Spirit, rain down. 7:17. Holy, holy spirit reign. Rain down. Oh, rain down. Oh, comforter and bread. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Won't you rain down? Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, [Music] rain down. Holy Spirit, rain [Music] down. rain down. Oh come and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Won't you rain down? Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit [Music] rain down. Oh, Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Oh comforter and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, [Music] rain down. Amen. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. 12:15. And as we close, I'm going to ask Brother David to come and close in prayer if he would. Amen. It's good to see Sister Kimberly back and Wesley doing better, I assume, as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glad to see that. Amen. It's always such a hardship when the young ones are sick. You know, us adults, we kind of just suffer through it, but they tend to be so miserable and they can't do anything. But it's good to see him back and we certainly appreciate that. Amen. Remember one another. Remember the services coming up. Amen. We need more of him, that's for sure. Amen. Let's sing this as brother David would come. You alone are all I need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are all I need. You alone I am complete. Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. I'll come running after you. You alone are all I need. For you hold my destiny. You alone are all I need. You alone I am complete. Draw me. Draw me Lord and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me. So draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me, Lord, I'll come running after you. [Music] [Music] Bless you Lord. We appreciate your word Lord tonight. And Lord, we know Lord we we never get our hearing vain Lord. But every service we go to Lord every time we hear your voice Lord is a blessing to us Lord. Lord, we just pray this blessed Lord as here tonight, Lord, that your word that we've heard, Lord, that you accomplish what you said to accomplish, Lord, that you're building us, Lord, your word. Build us up, Lord, in the most holy faith, Lord. We bless you, Lord, and praise you, Lord, for all your kindness to us, Lord, your patience, Lord. Lord truly Lord Lord in debt to you Lord in what you you've done for us heavenly father we thank you Lord for all the prayer requests Lord has been mentioned here Lord you've answer your prayer for each one Lord as a blessing Lord we cannot praise you Lord and give you enough glory for your goodness and your kindness to us now Lord if we leave here tonight Lord we just pray you go with us Lord and Lord and bless our our times Lord away from you Lord as it is here Lord but we keep our mind on you Lord We keep reading your word and studying, Lord. And help us, Lord, to be fervent, Lord, in our walk with you, Lord. Not just in prayer, Lord, but here in our walk with you that we'll be true disciples, Lord. Watch over. If we pray as we leave here tonight, Lord, that give us a safe trip to our places of home, Lord, a place of abode, Lord. And Lord, Terry, Lord, we meet again, Lord, in this place, Lord, we pray you your Holy Spirit will increase. And Lord, if we get a double portion someday, Lord, but we're all waiting to receive, Lord, as you get to Elijah. So bless us each one now, Lord, and may we be a blessing to you. Everything belonging to your blessed Lord in Jesus Christ name. Amen. [Music] Oh. I've come running after me. [Music] For you might you alone you alone. I am glory that Glory. [Music] Lord, I come after you. You're Lord. I love you. [Music] Holy [Music] My name forever. And I love you. Hallelujah. [Music] Your holy He is My name is my word. I'm Glory. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
