################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 20250406 - The Token Life - Pt 47 - The Divided Kingdom - Pt 2 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    20250406 - The Token Life - Pt 47 - The Divided Kingdom - Pt 2 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12_lX63ZNFE
========================================

Description:
Quotes and scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/10jWPK9SBpGyrh5aWq28vrXqp6KBH2D5s/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Let's stand. I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Light of the world. You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore thee. Hope of our lives spent with you, man. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonder fall to me. King of all days. Oh so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to this earth you created. All for our sake he came forth. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonder to me. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Beauty that made this heart adore the hope of our lives spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonder. all to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to be. Amen. Let's sing number 1067. Lord, I know the time is near. Everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consume me in fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayet on my knees lay before the holy consumeing fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. [Music] hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought gain lay before the holy consume me in fire. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. And all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing to be Lord I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear will lay before the Holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds, every prayer set on my knees lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. And all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. to hear him sing. To hear him say, "Well done, my precious one. Well done. Well done, my faithful one. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through me. Amen. Amen. Welcome everyone here this morning. Got some prayer requests here. First of all, the family of Sister Shirley Snow who recently passed away. Want to keep them in prayer in the church in Central as well as those that are going to be traveling from this congregation there the week. Just grace to uh to that need. I was speaking with uh brother Adam coffee yesterday and he's got a MRI on the 23rd. He's having some uh flare up in his in his hands and so he's just asking for prayer for that as he gets that looked at and we just trust that everything will be okay and uh that that need will will clear up for him. Grace to sister Becky, the need that uh you had mentioned a little bit ago for sister Katrina. She continues to recover and for brother Nelson Guy, grace to him. So sing that second verse and and the chorus and and we'll have uh brother Mark if you can come and pray [Music] please. hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought gain lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. [Music] Amen. Heavenly Father, we come again, Lord, as we, Lord, just put our trust in you, Lord, and we present ourselves, Lord, and give our hearts over to you, Lord, totally, Lord, in this hour. That's what you desire Lord is to have Lord each heart Lord that it would Lord just be totally or given over Lord to the Holy Spirit Lord and Lord that then you can move Lord in your bride and your body and Lord that you would have total control to fulfill your plan Lord in this hour. So we lay humbly before you Lord asking Lord your grace Lord that we know Lord that we make a lot of mistakes Lord and Lord that we have a lot of things Lord in our flesh Lord Lord that we have to overcome Lord in this hour and we ask Lord for your overcoming Lord of power Lord in each one's life Lord but our faith Lord is perfect faith Lord same as Abraham Lord that was all Lord that happened but his faith was perfect Lord Lord, we Lord just ask Lord your grace Lord that you would just provide Lord each one here Lord with what you would Lord know that each one needs Lord we again Lord ask Lord for these prayer requests we ask for Lord also for brother Adam Lord and he goes his through his procedure pray your grace to him Lord and remember also sister Rebecca and sister Katrina and brother Nelson Guy Lord we pray your grace Lord to them Lord Lord and again remember me remember in the family of Shirley Snow Lord with the lost Lord their loved one and remember their father also Tom Lord we pray your grace Lord to be with him Lord. So we ask Lord that you would just come Lord. We dedicate ourselves Lord to you Lord and we just put ourselves into your hands Lord that you would take full control Lord that brother John and the people Lord and the ministry here Lord we just ask Lord your grace and Lord that your will be done and we pray in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Forgot to mention u sister Kimberly had to go home not feeling well. So, just want to pray for her as well. And just a a quick praise report for myself. Had a really good trip in Halifax. I appreciate your prayers. Some of the work we were doing was um uh prone to uh failure and uh it went off uh without a hitch. So, we're really thankful for that right down to the weather. So, God is good. Let's sing uh 167 uh Keep Me True. We're going to try a bit of a medley here. So keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true. Keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true, man. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true, man. Oh, keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me [Music] true. Keep me true, Lord. Jesus, keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. One more time. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There's a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. And if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwelt in you, dwells in you. And if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal bodies. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal bodies. If that spirit dwells in you, and then if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you, and if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you, it will quicken in your mortal bodies. If that spirit dwells in you, man. Oh, we will quicken your mortal bodies. If that spirit, one more time, you and if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you, and if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you. It will quicken your mortal bodies. If that spirit dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal bodies. If that spirit dwells in you, the windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. I gave you my old tattered garments. He gave me a robe of pure white. I feasted a mana from heaven and that's why I'm happy tonight. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my soul. Since Jesus made everything right, I gave him my old tattered garments. He gave me a robe of pure white. I feasted on mana from heaven. And that's why I'm happy tonight. One more time. All the windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my soul. Since Jesus made everything right, I gave him my old tattered garment. He gave me a robe of pure white. I feasted a mana from heaven. And that's why I'm happy tonight. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea? We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. ever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me, man. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throng upon the glassy sea? We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. river. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. One more time. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throne upon the glassy sea? We'll join our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Amen. Let's sing 581. That's the deer. And as the deer panteth for the water, so my soul long after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my [Music] spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I want you more than any other. so much more than [Music] anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Cuz I want you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. [Music] You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my night. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king. I want you more than any other. so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can [Music] satisfy. You alone are the real joy giver in the eye. All of my mountain. You alone are my strength, my shield. to you alone. That's my spirit. Cuz you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. I sing 881. [Music] When I think about the Lord, how he saved me my and how he filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turn me around. How he set my feet on solid ground. Makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy of all the glory of all the honor and all the praise. makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus, for you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he heal me, man. Thank you, Lord. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he pick me up and turn me around. How he plant my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Makes me want to shout. Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Let's stand. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he fill me with the Holy Ghost, how he me, my thank you, Lord. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. Makes me want to shout. Oh, how was you? Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout, [Music] "Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the honor and all the glory and all the praise. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, you're worthy. Lord, we're unworthy. [Music] Lord, but you've made us worthy. And because of that, we get to come here this morning, Lord. And we get to stand in your presence, Lord. We get to worship you. We get to praise you, Lord. And it's acceptable worship to you, Lord, because you've done a work in our lives, Lord. You've made us fit to come into your presence, Lord. You've called us. You invited us, Lord, as we were. And you've changed us, heavenly father, into creatures of eternity, Lord, into sons and daughters of God by your spirit through the word. Lord, we're thankful this morning, Lord. We want to worship you and praise you not with just our lips and mouths this morning, heavenly father, but with our lives and with our minds, Lord, and our day-to-day decisions and actions, heavenly father. Lord, we pray you help us to just glorify you day by day, Lord. that people would see that it's not us who lives, but it's Christ that lives within us day by day. Thank you, Lord, for the power of your Holy Spirit within us, heavenly father. It is what makes the difference. You are what makes the difference inside of us, heavenly father. Lord, we're resting on you. We're resting on your word. We're resting on what you said you are going to do, Lord. And as you started the work, you're going to complete it in each one of us, heavenly father. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for your promises, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your word that is yay and amen this morning, Lord God. Lord, we just want to give you everything we are and everything we have this morning. Lord, may your word just have its way. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would again to Romans chapter 7 this morning. Romans chapter 7. It's good to be here. Amen. Welcome each one here. We want to remember the Snow family, of course. Sister Shirley Snow, that's brother Tom's wife, not brother Ron's wife, passed away. We know this weekend the funeral is on Tuesday. So, we want to remember them in prayer. I was talking to her daughter, Sister Marian, last night and she was relaying just very thankfully when they were here and in the hospital and it was on a boxing day and I'm getting a real bad echo here, brother Matt. I don't know if you can help with that, but um and how you know, brother Bob and sister Brenda went up and brother Mark and Sister Morin went up and she was just crying on the phone with me just in memory of that and how appreciative she was of these people that really didn't know them a whole lot and didn't spend a whole lot of time with them, but yet they came up to give them some fellowship and give them some company in the in the holiday season and whatnot while they're in the hospital. So definitely remember them as they go through that. Remember brother Grant, he's got a lot going on with school right now. He's got the heaviest workload he's had so far and it's very overwhelming and so we want to remember him in prayer as well day by day. Amen. Romans chapter 7, I want to finish where we finished last service and then go on to where we want to go today. Romans 7:23 says, "But I see another law in my members." This is Paul now the prophet to the age and man full of the Holy Ghost. I see another law in my members waring against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death? But I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin. And let's continue on to Romans 8. Paul says, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do and that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemned sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. And I want to take a second service on this thought that we started last service on the divided kingdom. And last service we preached mainly out of Romans 7 if you remember. And it's it's not one of those services where you come out feeling all wonderful about yourself because we are talking about the battle. And we are talking about the struggle that we deal with on a daily basis. And we talked about how our soul is the eternal portion within us. It's the part and attribute of God that's inside of us if we're a child of God. Amen. But when Adam s when Adam fell, that soul was still belonging to God. But this body fell into sin. And so we set up this battle where this body of sin was what housed this this soul, this eternal portion of God. And it set up that great battle that we face on a daily basis. Because in our soul, in our heart, when we come to Christ, that then it has its own desires that are changed into his desires. But this body of flesh, it still has all the desires that it's had since the very beginning. And that never changes, church. It never changes until that body is glorified. This body wants what it wants. And you cannot change it. It doesn't matter how much you do to it, how much you don't do to it, how much you starve it, how much you beat it up. It's still going to have desires. But what we can do is we can control the strength of those desires by how we feed it or how we stop feeding it as the case may be. And guess what? It wears on us. It tires us out. It frustrates us at times. It it makes us think maybe less of ourselves than we ought to. And remember what we said in in last service. And I want to read exactly uh the way we read it last service in this in this version that I put here for verse 24. Paul said, "I'm a miserable human being." Oh, I I love the way the spirit of God can talk through a man that's yielded. I'm a miserable human being. Paul said, "Who will deliver me from this dead corpse?" Anybody want to be delivered this morning? Has anybody felt miserable this week? I'm feeling miserable this week. I'm tired. I'm wore out. I'm a miserable human being because I'm dealing with this flesh. But then he comes right back around after saying that, saying, "I'm a miserable human being." And what does he say? He says, "Praise the Lord." He says, "I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord." So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin. It's an odd thing to say after saying how miserable he is. He's saying, "Thank God." Church, when a prophet of God says, "Thank God," after saying something that ought to beat us up, we ought to know there's more to what he's talking about than what he's just told us. He spent all of verse all of chapter 7 telling us how miserable and how hard and how easily we fail and how easily we get broken down and how how far our good intentions take us, which is about this far. Telling us everything that's against us. And even the fact that as a prophet of God filled with the spirit of God, he's saying, "I can't do it and I'm miserable in doing it." There's these failures in my life. But yet, he says, "Thank God." Why? Because he has a battle in the first place. Because he's had a mind. He's had a soul. He's had a heart that's been changed so that there is a struggle. There is a battle for the things of God to do what God wants him to do. Amen. He's had something settled. There's been a stake driven down. There's been a standard raised in his life. Hallelujah. That says, "I am not my own. I'm not fight. I'm not doing what I used to do. Now there's a battle." And because there's a battle, it shows that there's a victory that has to be won. Something's got to win. Somebody's got to win this battle. Paul says, "I'm glad that I'm in a battle." But he's not glad because he's just in the battle, church. He's glad because the battle means there's victory coming. Hallelujah. There's something coming that's going to set him free from the struggle. There's something that's going to set him free from the dayto-day grind. That's where we're standing this morning. I'm here to tell you, you're in a battle. But I want to say when a prophet of God says, "I thank God I'm in a battle." It's because victory is on the way. It's because there's an end to this battle that's in our lives. Amen. This is not a battle that will end. This is a battle that's already over. You have to see from the eternal. That's why God sends prophets is to get us to see beyond the circumstances and the day-to-day situations and the hardships and the failures and the trials to get us to step back and see the way that God sees these things. And when we see it from God's side, the battle is already over. We are already sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, it says. And you can't be there unless you're an overcomer. But the scripture says, "We are already there." Why? Because in the eternal eyes and sight of God, this is already over. You've already won. That famous song that the cathedrals used to sing, I've read the back of the book and we win. Not we win though. We've already won. That's why when God sends something by his word, it is eternal. It is settled. It is done. And so, we're resting on that this morning. That when God sends a battle our way, it's because there's a victory that's won. Not there will be one. There's a victory that's already been won. And all you have to do is walk through the script. That's all you have to do this morning. Amen. I want to show you what victory looks like this morning. I was so looking forward to preaching the service this morning. Amen. I want us to live in victory. I want us to see ourselves the way that God sees us this morning. I want us to remind ourselves of what God says about you and I this morning. Cuz if we can see it and take it and believe it, it'll be victory in our lives this morning. Amen. Do you want victory this morning? Let's read it. He says in Romans 8, he says there, he just said he's miserable, church. He's just said he struggles. He's just said, "I fail. I can't seem to win for losing." And then Paul comes right around. He says, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit." And I want to just preach my heart out this morning on this. Amen. If you'll stick with me this morning, let's see what the word means this morning. Amen. Because this is the victory. This is the benefit of the believer that's been filled with the Holy Spirit. Paul says, "There is therefore now no condemnation." What that means for you this morning, you have a clean slate. Now, we don't know what clean slate means anymore because all we have are computers. But in the old days, you had a piece of tablet. They had tablets back then made out of slate or stone. We've got a slate quarry up here outside of CBS if you notice. And on that slate, they would write out things with chalk. And when they had filled that slate off, then what would they do? They'd wipe it off and they'd start again. But see, what we see in those days was they would have a slate that recorded everything you did. And when you wiped it out, you couldn't say they were wrong or they were right. There was no no record there. Paul's saying there is no record. You have no marks against you. You have no sins against you. You have no faults against you. You have no flaws recorded against you. There is no record of wrongdoing if you're walking in according to the law of the spirit of life that we're going to talk about this morning. Amen. You have no sins recorded. You have no speeding tickets. You have no felonies. You have no misdemeanors. Amen. You are in perfect unity with God in this scripture. Amen. That word condemnations, he says there's therefore now no condemnation. It doesn't just mean your conscience isn't bothered anymore. We're way past conscience in the scripture, church. It means that you are beyond judgment. Hallelujah. And if you are beyond judgment, you are beyond punishment. Okay? You notice how in this world, we seem to have people that are above the law. We have a prime minister that can do just about anything he wants, break all sorts of ethical rules, and they'll still keep him in power. But you do one little thing, and they'll send you to jail. Some people are above the law. I'm here to tell you this morning, you're above the old law. Hallelujah. It's not that you're just beyond it. It's that it no longer applies to you. You're above the law this morning. Amen. You're outside the law that originally had power over you. Amen. What used to hold you in its grip now has loosed its shackles. It's changed. It's handcuffed from off your life. No wonder Paul would say, "Thank God." When he finished Roman 7, no wonder he was saying thank God because he knows Romans 8:1 is coming. He knows what awaits the believer that will keep pressing on. Amen. He says to them which are in Christ Jesus, what's it what's the way you get into this position of no condemnation, you got to get into Christ. That's the only place you can be. Amen. Doesn't say you have to be in a certain church. Doesn't say you have to sit under a certain pastor. Doesn't say you have to sign your name to a book. But it says you've got to be in Christ. And that's the only place of liberty for the Christian this morning. It is not in some church or denomination. Amen. No priest, no minister can set you free this morning. The only way you can do this is you got to get into Christ. That's the only way it can happen. Amen. How do you get into Christ? Paul said in 1 Corinthians 12, for as the body is one and had many members, and all the members of that one body being many are one body, so also is Christ. He says, the body of Christ is just like your body. It's got lots of different pieces and parts, but together they form one thing. They all work together. Then he says, "For by one spirit are we all, no exceptions. You cannot get into Christ any way except by the spirit of Christ." He says, "By one spirit are we all baptized into one body." We've all got to be born again. He says, "Whether we be Jews or Gentiles, bond or free, we've all been made to drink into one spirit. For the body is not one member but many. So how do we get into Christ? Do we come to church? Do we sign our names on a book? Do we get baptized? Do we shake hands with the preacher, the pastor, the minister or the pope? No. Those are all good things. But that is not how you get into Christ. You get into Christ by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is the only witness that you have passed from death unto life. You can come to those pearly gates on that morning and say, "I signed my name to a book. I said amen." In church, I nodded when brother John was preaching. That won't get you in. You got to come with the token of the Holy Spirit that you pass from death unto life. It's the only thing that'll work. And how do you get the Holy Spirit? We preached it. Acts 2:38, "Repent and be baptized for the remission of sins in the name of Jesus Christ and you shall receive the Holy Spirit." Acts 2:38 has never stopped working. It still works today. I'm a witness of it. It still works today. Amen. Thank you, brother Mark that. It still works today. We have complicated the new birth. We have so complicated it. Simple, heartfelt repentance. Accept the work of Calvary. Be baptized the right way and go expecting the spirit of God to fill your life and change you. That's it. That's it. The rest will come. The spirit of truth will lead you into right. It'll take you away from wrong. But you've got to take it the way that he said it. Repent. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. And he'll give you the spirit of God. That simple. That simple. Amen. And then from there, you accept the word of God as it comes to you. Listen, don't expect yourself to be this amazing Christian from day one. You've got to grow. You've got to mature. You've got to be tested. You got to be tried. And the word of God has to do a work in you by the spirit of God. You're not born an adult in Christ. You're babes in Christ, the scripture says. But from there, you'll grow into be somebody like brother Bob or brother Mark or their wives. But it takes time. But it starts with simple faith and obedience in the word of God. And that's it. Amen. He says, "And you do that." He says, "Then they who there are those who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit." What's the effect of the new birth? What's the effect of the baptism of the Holy Spirit? It makes you walk a different way. That word walk means to conduct oneself to live and it's a new way by the spirit. Remember before this no matter our good intentions we walked according to the dictates of this flesh. We are under a spirit of disobedience the Bible says and we've now come under the spirit of life the spirit of truth the spirit of light and that cannot be in you and something not change. Something has to change. Everything has to change because you're under new management. There's a new boss in the house and you've got to be listening to him now. Everything has to change. Amen. And so we see here that when the spirit of God comes in, you walk a different way. You live a different way. You talk a different way. You decide a different way. Your focus is different. The preeminence of things in your life is different because you're under the new management of the Holy Spirit. You've got somebody else in the control tower. Amen. And so you ought to do only one thing and that's walk according to God's will and God's word which is the same thing Paul said in acts he says for in him we live we move and we have our being as certain also of your po own poets have said for we also we are also his are his offspring. So before we were surrounded by guilt, we were surrounded by shame. We were surrounded by ungodly desires. But now in Christ, everything has changed. And everything in my life ought to be Christ, Christ, Christ, Christ. And sometimes we fail. Sometimes we fall. We get frustrated. We say things. We snap out. We fall. We fail. That's okay. But it's Christ that's trying to drive through us. And we're just in a process of bringing this flesh under subjection day by day. Start with an inward work rather than trying to reform. I was listening to brother Bram this morning. He says we've got a we've got a country that's trying to reform itself. He says and it will never work. You need an inward change. You need a new birth to make it work. Amen. What happens? He changes the desires. He changes the decisions. He changes the direction. He changes the way that we live. Amen. Remember this is the law of the spirit of life. Amen. It's not the law of life. It's the law of the spirit of life. Amen. Because that law only works if you have the Holy Spirit in your life. See, too many people today are trying to produce a life rather than get the spirit of the life. And so what they end up doing is they end up walking away from the true word of God because they're led by their own desires. And so we get things like the the prosperity gospel and these things where they say, "Well, I'm going to ask what I want. I'm going to pray to God and he's going to give it to me because I'm a child of his." No, we get the spirit to bring us into what life is really supposed to look like. And it changes our mind. It changes our desires so that it brings us into the mind of Christ so that we can ask what God would want us to ask. Amen. It settles us down and it brings us flesh subject to the word of God. Amen. We have to yield to that spirit. That's what it does. It'll bring a yielding to that. Amen. The Holy Spirit's here to give us that mind of Christ so that we ask according to his will. It's here to set our desires on higher things than just houses and cars and vacation and luxury and ease of life. Absolutely. Amen. And in other words, our part to play is surrender. It's always surrender. For the believer, it is surrendering to the spirit of God. You want to know how to get victory this morning? Surrender. Surrender to Christ, though. Not to the flesh. Not to this carnal mind. surrender to the power of God inside your life. And as we sing that song, let go and let God have his wonderful way. And watch what he can do in a surrender vessel this morning, day by day. Paul would continue in Romans 8, he says, "For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do and that it was weak through the flesh." Listen, our fleshly strengths are not enough to overcome. It's not enough to fulfill the law. It was insufficient to meet God's requirement. He says, "God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh." The amplified says it this way, "For God has done what the law could not do, its power being weakened by the flesh, the entire nature of man without the Holy Spirit." He said, "Sending his own son in the guise of sinful flesh and as an offering for sin, God condemns him in sin in the flesh." He says that means he subdued. He overcame. He to bribe sin of its power over all who accept that sacrifice. Why? That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us. Church, what is the righteousness of the law? To do what the law requires to do what God requires. Can we ever do it? But Paul says we've got to fulfill it in our flesh, in us. Remember this is the thing that is the key here. It's not what is the righteousness, it's who is the righteousness. Because who is the righteousness of the law? The one that fulfills it. It is who? Christ. So if we could say that so say so would say that Christ might be fulfilled in us. That's how you would read that scripture. The righteousness of the law is Christ himself. So that Christ might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. So Christ is trying to do something in us. It will happen in the flesh, but it's by the spirit that resides inside of the flesh. So don't focus so much on the flesh. Focus a lot more on the spirit and see what it will do with the flesh once you start doing that. So Paul's contrasting these two laws here. The law of sin and death, which we had the old way, the old law under Moses. Amen. And then the new law, which is the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. Now, we've covered that law of sin and death, which was the law of Moses where the people wanted a way to make themselves acceptable. And so God said, "Here you go. Oh, here's a bunch of dos and don'ts. And what did it produce, church? Nothing. It produced dead religion. It produced people that thought they were good that weren't actually that good. It produced Saul. Saul, the the the persecutor I'm talking about now, a man that was sincere and dedicated to God, yet with an antichrist spirit because he got caught up in his own righteousness. Amen. It was too much for anyone to do all the time. And so in the end, they had a law they could not keep. And therefore, that law judged them and condemned them. And every single one under that law had to die at some point. But Paul says, "Now we're under a new law. There's a new sheriff in town." Amen. It's the law of the spirit of life. So you have to understand a law, church. A law makes requirements. And a law enforces itself. So when you're under the law of sin and death, then what does it enforce? Sin and death. When you're under a law of the spirit of life, then what does it enforce? Life. We've traded sin and death for life, church. That's a pretty good law. But it's not just a law that's sitting out there. Amen. This is a law that is insistent on producing what it says. You're under a requirement now to produce life by the spirit. Amen. The law of God is not Moses' law of dos and don'ts. The law of the spirit of life is saying, "You sit down and let me do it through you. You relax. You take your rest in Christ and let me work through you to produce myself." Amen. It's not a law of dos and don'ts. It's a It's a law of let go and let God have his wonderful way. It's a work that he's already declared to be done. He's just asking you to surrender to it, to believe it, to have faith, to act on it, and let him do what he said he was going to do. The purpose of this law is to bring life, not death. I love that. That what God has done for us, what God has done for you and I this morning is insistent on life inside of our lives. That's why Paul would say there's no condemnation now cuz we're under a spirit of life, not a spirit of death. There's a law that's working here. Now, we're surrounded by a law of the spirit of life. And it's contrary to the law of death that's working in our flesh. But because it is the new law, it circumc it it it uh what's the word I'm looking for? Supersedes. Remember when we set laws, you can bring a new law that supersedes the old law. And guess what? When the new law supersedes the old law, the old law has no power. So you can sit here this morning. What Paul's trying to do is he's trying to get us out of looking at the flesh and to look to the law of the spirit of life that's in us and say that law is the one I'm under this morning because otherwise the Satan will beat us up with the law of sin and death all day long. Absolutely he will. But he's trying to get us to see there's a law that supersedes it. You remember in the the lion, the witch in the wardrobe when the when the white witch killed Alan the lion and then he he resurrected and she said he said she was going by the law but there was an older law. There was a more ancient law. There was a law that supersedes her law that she didn't know about. That's what we're under this morning. We're under the original law. We're under the great promise to Abraham, to the royal seed of Abraham this morning. Amen. You look around the world today and that law of death is very evident because that is the law of good intentions of desires that people think are good and what does it produce every time? Sin and death because it's not according to the will or purpose of God. All it produces is is destruction. Amen. But to this person that's outside of these things, this child of God that's been born again, they're outside of that law. They're under a new law of the spirit of life. Amen. They've they're now being shown their position in Christ. They're now being shown their position in the word. They're now seeing the complete work of God in front of them and they're saying, "I'm stepping into it and I'm growing in it and I'm taking part of it and it's becoming me and I'm becoming it." There's a process that's going on in this redemption. Remember what Paul would say in Corinthians? He says, "The sting of death is sin and the strength of sin is the law." In other words, the only thing that gives the law or gives sin power in our lives is a law that says don't do it or a law that says you must do it and you don't do it. So without the law, there is no sin. Okay? So to set us free from sin, we have to be set free from the law. If the law is put away, then there is no sin. Amen. If the law doesn't apply to us, then sin has no power over us. If I could put it that way. He says, "But thanks be to God which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." So Paul comes along in Romans 8 as we've been reading. He says, "You're not under that law anymore. You have this daily fight and this sinful flesh is always trying to get what it wants, but you're under an overcoming law of life by the Holy Spirit. And it's a law that will change your situation." Amen. That's what we're sitting on this morning. Amen. So if we're under a new law, what happens to the sin law? It loses its power. It has no strength. It has no authority over us. So we don't have to look to it. We don't have to listen to it. And if somebody comes to us quoting the law of sin and death, we can say, "Sorry, that's been superseded this morning. You've got no rights to me, Satan. You can't get me that way." If you want some proof, let's take it to the scriptures because it all ties in to the the new birth and the indwelling of presence of God in our life by the Holy Spirit. Paul would say in 2 Corinthians, and this is the amplified version, I love this. He says, "Now the Lord is the spirit, and where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." He says, "It's emancipation from bondage and freedom." So, in other words, the shackles, the handcuffs that we used to have are taken off and the prison doors are open. You've been set free. Amen. But that's not it, church. It's not enough to be set free this morning. Because if you're set free, what happens is you walk out of jail and like half of the ones that come out of jail, you'll turn around, you'll do exactly what you did before and you'll end up right back in the jail. That's not true freedom. That's not liberty. That's just taking you out temporarily. But he's trying to do a liberating work, a life work. He says, "And in all of us as with unveiled face, because we continue to behold in the word of God as in an image, in a mirror, the glory of the Lord, we are constantly being transfigured into his very own image in everinccreasing splendor and from one degree of glory to another. For this comes from the Lord who is the spirit." This is the only privilege of a child of God is that you can look in the word of God. Amen. We look at this word and we see it and we see the attributes and the nature of God and what do we do? We read it and we accept it and we believe it and we eat it and what does it do? It starts to do a work inside of us. Amen. Because Paul says we don't look at these words just as theology or as doctrine or as stories, but we look at them as life because we've got a spirit of life inside of us. And so it takes those letters off of the page and we're not looking it as somebody else, but we're looking at it as a mirror and we're saying, "Lord, let what I am be reflected in what I see. Let me become what I'm reading." And so as we look, as we read, as we accept that word, it's doing a work in our life day by day. And we start to become the very thing that we're reading about. Why? Because Jesus said, "My words are spirit and they are life. They are not meant to stay on the page. They are meant to live in sons and daughters of God in the age." Amen. That's a process we're going through even this morning. Even this morning as part of this redemption process, we're under that new management. Amen. And we can see I'm free from the past. Some of us have worse pasts than the others. Let me tell you this morning, it matters not what your past is. You're free in Christ. Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. I've got plenty of things, church, I can be ashamed of this morning if I cast my memory back. But I'm not interested in casting my memory back. I'm interested in casting my memory way back to when I was a son of God. When the sons of God shouted for joy, way before I could ever sin, way before I could ever make mistakes. And so I take that and I say, I've got a sure end. If I was a child of God, I am a child of God and I've got to be returned back to God where I started from the beginning. Don't let Satan take you back just a couple days or a couple weeks or a couple years. Say, Satan, if we're going to go down memory lane, let's go all the way back and you'll find he doesn't like to talk about the real memories because the word is stirring something up inside you that reminds you of who you've been all along and what's coming out. Amen. Paul says, "The very glory of God is being revealed in you and I this morning." Sister Justine, the glory of God is being revealed in you this morning. You say, "I don't feel it, Brother John." That's why it's not about our feelings. Praise the Lord. It's not about our feelings. It's not about our thoughts. It's about what he said. It's about what he did. It's about what he's doing. Amen. Praise the Lord. Here's your law now. The spirit of life. All of this revolves around receiving the word of God and then the Holy Spirit taking that. Jesus said, he said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but has passed from death into life." Paul said, "There's no condemnation to them which are in Christ." Jesus says, "How do you pass beyond condemnation?" He says, "You've got to hear my word, and you've got to believe the one that sent that is sent." That's it. Because if you believe the word, you'll do what the word says. Brother Graham said, "If you really believed it, you do it." See, we sit here this morning, we say we believe. I was in there just praying this morning. I said, "Lord, I believe you're a healer, but help my unbelief for my eye cuz I believe he's a healer, but I need faith to act on it. I need faith to receive it this morning." He says, "He that hears my hears my word and believes on him that sent me shall not come into condemnation but his path from death into Christ." Amen. What happened? They heard the word. They believed the word. They acted on the word. They had faith in the word. And then God fulfilled his work. His word in each and every one of their lives. That's our part to take it. Amen. And they're beyond condemnation this morning. We're beyond condemnation because we've received the word as it came to us. God doesn't just dump it all in our lap, church. He gives us bit by bit so we can walk step by step by step with him. They're born again by the word. The disciples were born again by the word. We're born again by the word because they acted on what they heard. And that's always the sign of a true child of God. They can receive the word when it comes to them. That's why we don't worry when people come into our church. When people leave our church, it doesn't bother us because we can't convince them in. We can't keep them in. And we certainly can't keep them out if they're a child of God. It's the working of the spirit of God. There's got to be something in them to receive it in the first place. Otherwise, we'll just turn them into religious people. We don't want that. Amen. But a child of God can receive the word of God when it comes to them. John said, "He came unto his own and his own received him not." See, that's by the natur the natural. That's the Jews he's talking about. He says, "But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name." So, you've got to receive the word before you can have the power. But the power is in them to receive. And if you've got power to receive, then you'll get the spirit in you that'll do the finishing work. The power is in the receiving, church. If you can receive, remember what Jesus said to them. They said, "We thought Elijah was supposed to come." He says, "If you can receive it, this is he of which the scripture said, right? If you can receive the words I'm telling you, then you'll get the benefit of the words. The word is the power. The spirit's the power. We're just the receivers for it. But you've got to have a receiver built in. And only children of God have a receiver for the word." And that's the most glorious thing that we have. You talk about privilege, that is a privilege because I didn't I didn't add it in. I didn't pay for that extra feature. I have it by his grace and mercy, his unmmerited favor, his predestinated plan for my life. Amen. But it's only the seed of God inside of you that can receive that word of God. And it was before the foundation of the world. He says, "Which were born." So these ones that received him, he says, "Which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." So if we could summarize it which were born of God. So it's not mommy and daddy's birth that that that we have to worry about. It's not whether I was born from a one night stand or from a sanctified marriage. Doesn't matter where I come from. What matters is where is my origin? In the very beginning he says and you are born by God. You are born of God. You come from God. Amen. That's the birth that takes you out of the law of sin and death and takes you into the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. Now, let's look at our position now. Let's look at what this looks like under the new birth. Cuz here's how God sees you. And church, what he sees is what counts. What he sees is what counts. What God judges is what matters. This world's got a lot of judgment going on these days. It doesn't matter at all. What God says is is what is. That's the only thing that's going to count in the end. First John 5, he says, "We know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not." We're talking about the church's victory. We're talking about the spirit, the love, the law of the spirit of life. We know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not. That ought to give one hallelujah. I think you're trying to absorb it this morning. No sin. Paul said there's no condemnation. We've moved beyond condemnation. Why? Because there is no sin. Why would I be condemned about something I don't have? But Satan tries to put it back on you. You need to point him to this church. Underline this. Put a star. Put your bookmark in there. And when Satan comes to you this evening or tomorrow, say, "Satan, we're going to read 1 John 5:18 together." And I'll tell you this, church, he won't want to stick around and read it. We know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not. But he that is begotten of God keepeth himself and that wicked one touches him not. And the amplified says God keeps and protects you. God's in the house. God's in the house. Amen. And he's there to protect against all comers. He says, "And we know that we are of God. We are born of God and the whole world lith in wickedness." He we go back a couple chapters. He said, "He that committh sin is of the devil, for the devil sinnth from the beginning. For this purpose, the son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil. Now remember, this is the purpose of Christ is to destroy all that Satan has brought in. All the chaos, all the hurt, all the pain, death, suffering, sin, all of these things, he came to destroy the works of the devil. Amen. Now, the new birth addresses our soul condition, but we still got a body condition that has to be rectified. So, he ain't done yet, church. I got the Holy Ghost. Doesn't matter. He's still got something else he's got to do cuz he's got to destroy the works of the devil. And Satan still has lots of run through this thing here cuz it's subject to a different spirit. It latches on easily. It's got to be overcome by the spirit of God in our life. But until this body is changed, the battle's on. It's game on. And we got to fight all the way to the end. He says, "So whosoever commits sin is of the devil." But then he says in verse 9, "Whosoever is born of God does not commit sin." Period. Doesn't commit sin. Can you imagine if I told if we told our youngest children, "No matter what you do, it's not sin." That's the golden ticket. That's the get out of jail free card for eternity. You know what they'd be doing? Nothing good. I'll tell you that. This is not a license to sin. This is reflective of the changing of the nature of your soul. Okay? Whosoever is born of God does not commit sin. Period. He says, "For his seed remainth in him and he cannot sin because he is born of God." The Amplified says this, "No one born of God sins for God's nature abides in him." him that it says in parenthesis his principle of life. What abides in you? His principle of life. The divine seed remains permanently within him and he cannot sin because he is born of God. I want to stop and preach this church. Can I preach it this morning? I want you to understand what this looks like this morning. Amen. I'm enjoying myself this morning. If nobody enjoys this service, I'm enjoying it this morning. Praise the Lord. This is where we're living. This is where we are this morning. And he says, "Whoever is born of God does not commit sin because the seed of God remains in you." This is the true reflection of the baptism of the Holy Spirit in your life. Amen. The truth of this is that it positions you with him in sinless perfection. Okay? And that sets you free to serve God completely and wholeheartedly, not based on works, but based on rest. I'm not trying to get in, church. I'm already in. I'm not trying to make it. I'm already there. So why do I worry? Why do I fear? Why do I struggle? In my soul, there ought to be none of those things. It's eternal rest. Because we are already done on a soul condition. Amen. It's a finished work. You're spotless. You're without spot or wrinkle. The scripture says you're sinless. You're blameless. You're accepted in the beloved. All right. Now, this is not coming in the rapture and the resurrection, church. Right now, this is what God sees you as. Okay? It's a finished work. But let's take it into time because we're creatures of time. We're looking from the eternal view. But you say, "Brother John, but we're in time. Let's look at what it means in time." Okay? Let's take it to our daily lives. He says, "Israel used to take the red heer and sacrifice her upon the altar for the remission of sins. And for a year, the sins of the guilty one were covered. But that covering could not take away the desire for sin. It was not a perfect offering. It was a shadow until the real came along. So each year the man would sacrifice and each year come back because he still had the same desire to sin. The life of the animal atone for his sin. But being animal blood that was shed and animal life that was given, it could not come back again upon the man. If it had come back, it still would not have availed. He says, "But when Christ, the perfect substitute, was given and his blood was shed, then the life that was in Christ, came back upon the repentant sinner. And that life being the perfect life of Christ, sinless and righteous, then the guilty one could go free, for he had no desire to sin." The life of Jesus had come back upon him. He says, "That is what is meant in Romans 8:2. The law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law and sin and death. Praise the Lord, church. Isn't that what we've received as believers this morning? If you've received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you say, "My desires have been changed. My soul has a new condition." Amen. True freedom is not just being forgiven of your sins, but it's taking away the desire to sin in the first place. Otherwise, we're prone to go right back into what we came out of again. Like brother Barry said, "Go back to your smoking." Like the brother I talked about, the nameless brother that went and threw his TV in the trash after special meetings and then a few weeks later went out and bought a bigger and better one. Right? That's not liberty. That's just conviction that turns into condemnation. But we're looking for liberty where there's a change of the desire. And that's true liberty where I don't want it anymore. Amen. But you have to see something here, okay? Cuz that's not the all all there is to it. Not by a long shot. That's a wonderful thing. And we praise the Lord for that. But remember, we're in a process of redemption. We're in a process of full restoration. Not partial. God doesn't do halfway work, church. It's either everything or it's nothing. And so, he's taking us back into full redemption. Amen. So, we're being restored back to our original condition as children of God. That's what this whole process is about. Amen. We're made alive by the spirit of God to take the word and make it live in our life. Amen. And so, it brings our mind into into subjection. It brings our flesh into subjection by the power of the Holy Spirit. And it produces that character. It produces that that integrity of Christ inside of us so that we walk as he walked, talked as he talked, act as he acted, turn our cheek as he turned our as he turned his cheek. And then it makes us live as he lives. We don't have to scream and shout and holler to get him in the church. It's okay to scream and shout and holler. We encourage it. But it's not the screaming and shouting and hollering that gets him here because he's already here when you came to church. If you've received the spirit of God, you don't have to pull him down. You don't have to raise him up. He is with you when you came into this service this evening, this morning. Amen. He's always here to do the work that he promised to do. We don't have to go in and fast for days to reach God. Fasting's okay. Scriptural even. But that's not what gets us into the presence of God, church. He's with us, even in us right now. Amen. He's the strong man of the house now. He's the protector, the provider, the healer, the deliverer, the decision maker. All of these things, he's already here. Amen. He's our all in all. And the challenge we have is to let him do his work day by day. Just let him do the work. Amen. In John 10, Jesus said, "The thief cometh not, but for to steal and to kill and to destroy." He said, "I am come that they might have life and they might have it more abundantly." That word life is not life as we think of it. That's Zoey. That's God's life. That's eternal life. Amen. We don't receive Christ to have a good life. Can I put it that way? Not to be rich or famous or comfortable or or luxurious or sensual or any of these things. That is not the life that he's talking about. That's a satanic life because it leads to death, leads to destruction, it leads to hurt and pain. Amen. We're not here to make lots of money or or have great careers. We're here to present a living God. We're here to present a living God day by day. But when God comes down now, he says that they might have life and they might have it more abundantly. And so we see what happens through this is that when God comes down into a house or a vessel or a body is that where he dwells receives his attributes. Okay, this is what we're talking about. Amen. Listen to what Peter says. He says, "You are, you are a chosen generation. You are a royal priesthood. You are a holy nation. You're a peculiar people. You are chosen. You didn't choose him. He chose you. You are royal. You are coming from a king's lineup, a king's lineage." He says, "You are a holy nation." That means you are fit to be in his presence. He says, "Be holy as I am holy." Then he says, "You're a holy nation." Then he says, "You're a peculiar people." Peculiar doesn't go so well these days cuz peculiar we tend to look at as weird, different, strange. That word peculiar means made and preserved, a treasured possession. In other words, you are specifically made by God and he keeps you. You ever have somebody that uh sometimes we do with our kids, they bring home something that they make, their first sculpture, their first painting, their first drawing, and what do we do? We take it and we we put it up on our our fridge or something or or maybe we take up, you know, uh pottery or something and we make this lopsided vase. But you know what? We keep it cuz it's a peculiar treasure to us. It's our first one. When God makes it peculiar, it's not weird. It's not strange. It's not off. It's not flawed. It's perfect. But it's perfect to him. It's of his making. It's his doing. And he gets it right the first time. Amen. And so and then he says that you should show forth your why are we this way? He says that you should show forth the praises of him whoath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. So when we are identified with Christ we're identified with his nature, with his attributes. Amen. It's not me. It's not you. It's him. I'm in him. He's in me. It's it's his identity that I'm getting the benefit of here now. Amen. Paul said, "The seed of God stays in you no matter what." See, it doesn't leave when we do bad and come back when we do good. Doesn't leave when we make mistakes and then come back when we make it right. The seed of God remains. Amen. The seed of God remains inside of you. Now, catch that result because the scripture says because you are born of God, because the seed of God remains in you, you cannot sin. Why? Because God is dwelling in you and God cannot dwell in sin. God is outside of sin and so where God dwells itself must have to be sinless. God is holy so where God dwells must be holy. God is perfect so where God dwells must be perfect. So where the presence and dwelling place of God is it must by its nature be sinless, perfect and holy. That's the judgment of God of the situation. If he is there, then it must be as he is. If he's in you, then it must be because you are as he is in his estimation, in his judgment, in his eyes. Amen. Therefore, the very presence of the spirit of God living inside you declares you to be as he is. That's what Paul's saying. He's saying because the seed of God is in you, it doesn't matter what anybody says, the seed can only remain because there is no sin. Praise the Lord. He'll never leave me. He'll never forsake me. He'll be with me even to the end of the age. Why? Because the blood of Jesus cleanses us from all sin. He looks through the blood. And then we are what? Baptized into Christ by the spirit. And so what does he see now? He doesn't see Bob Coffee anymore. He sees Jesus Christ. He sees Jesus Christ. He sees Jesus Christ. He sees Jesus Christ. That's what I said. It's not me, it's him. Because I'm in Christ and Christ is in me. I'm surrounded. I'm enveloped in the spirit of Christ himself. And so he can't see anything else but Christ. I'm hidden in Christ. Paul would say hidden. I can't be seen. There are some impossibilities for God. Church. You say God can do anything. God can't see anything you do wrong because of the blood of Christ. And God can only see your perfection because you are in Christ. That's the way God sees it this morning. Amen. The spirit of God living inside of you declares your condition to be as God. That choke a mule. Where are we at this morning? I say we're living below our privileges. Church, God help us. God help us to to walk in the reality of how he sees us. not in pride but in humility for the grace of God that he would condescend to work in this little group and these little people and we are little people. Amen. Listen, the world might not realize it. I think sometimes we don't realize it and I don't believe we realize it fully, church, what it means to have the spirit of God, but we know it. We know it because it's not just a feeling because the feelings come and go. It's not just an anointing because anointings come and go. But it's the inddwelling permanent presence of God in the believer's life. That is the law of the spirit of life. It's the presence of God inside of us. Amen. It's almighty God residing in your soul. He says the seed of this life must be planted in the earth of this body that is a perishable seed. And the life of its a perverted life in the seed, it perishes with the seed. He says, "This body, if it doesn't have the life of God in it, it just dies." He says, "But he put eternal life into it and identified it as his own, that in the resurrection, he'd raise it up again and nothing will be lost." He says, "Do you see what I mean? There it is. We cannot perish." Now, the life lays over it. It's a token that lays over that little body that lays over that soul of that person. There's a token over there, the Holy Spirit, that it belongs to God. It's his. He says, "When I see the token, I'll pass over you." A positive token. The Holy Spirit is our token. Therefore, when you receive the Holy Ghost, you pass from death to life. That's all there is to it. Cuz life is in you. You can no more perish. The Bible said, "He that's born of God does not commit sin, for he cannot sin, for the seed of God remains in him." He says, "And how can he sin when the sinless God is in him?" He says, "When he's in a sinless God, how can he sin?" No matter what he's done, the blood's covered him. See, he's a new creature now. His desires and ambitions are of heaven because he's changed from a cockleber to a wheat. His desires aren't the same as they once were. And he displays it. You say, "Brother John, I don't feel that way this morning." Good. Cuz like I said, it's not about your feelings. Remember, God was housed behind badger skins in the Holy of Holies. Guess what? The badger skins felt like dead badger skins. The presence of God never changed the feeling of the badger skin. Don't look at the badger skin this morning. He's saying look to the God inside the badger skin. Cuz a badger skin is always going to feel like a badger skin until it's glorified. But in the meantime, look to the God that dwells within and say, "God, if you are here, I'm perfect in your sight and I want to walk according to that which you've declared about me." Amen. You have been judged by God. And by putting the spirit of himself inside of you, he declares you perfect this morning. Perfect. Sinless, spotless, without blame, without condemnation, without fault. Your slate's clean. To the contrary, you're found walking in light, led by the spirit according to the word. That's where you are this morning, whether you feel it or not. cuz we don't feel it a lot of times. But that's the badger skin. Don't look at the badger skin. Look what's behind the badger skin. We read the scripture last service. We're going to read it again in a future service. He says, "For by one offering he had he will perfect. He has finished work." He had perfected for how long? Until I mess up. Till I say something I shouldn't. Till I don't say something I should have said. Till I make a wrong decision. Till I fail. Till I fall. Till I lie. Till I disappoint. Till I act on frustration. No. He hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us. After that he had said before. So what is the Holy Spirit a witness of? That you are perfected forever. that this is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, sayeth the Lord. I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them, and their sins and iniquities will I remember no more. There is therefore now no condemnation. He can't remember it. You need to forget about it. Let it go. He says, "Now where remission of these is, there's no more offering for sin." He says, "Where the sin is taken away, where the sin is completely erased, you don't have to keep going back. You don't have to keep coming to the altar, whether it's here, whether it's the altar of your heart, whether it's at your bedside at night. You don't have to keep coming to him for forgiveness for something you've already repented of. It's done. It's passed away. It's gone. He says, "Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus by a new and living way." This is the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. By a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say say his flesh. He says, "Once, for by one sacrifice has he perfected forever those that are sanctified in Christ Jesus. Once for all. No more coming back. No more going this. No more doing that." He says, "Oh, you'll backslide. Do things that's wrong." Badger skin. See, he says, "Just repent and come on." He says, "See, but one time Christ sanctifies a human body." No, no, no. sanctifies a human soul. He says by filling him with the Holy Spirit, it's perfected forever. What? The soul. We've got to look at what God's looking at, church. Look at what God's looking at. He says, "There you are. No more desire to go out. For the worshipper once purged, had no more conscience or desire of sin. Never." He says, "It's settled forever. For he has perfected by one sacrifice forever those that are in Christ Jesus." The world becomes dead. You don't care for it anymore. Your affections are on things above. So it's a reflection now. This perfection is of your soul condition, not this body condition. Amen. Because the soul is the dwelling place of God. It happens to be wrapped up in this flesh. But this flesh can pass away and the spirit of God will still be in your soul. He's not looking at the body. Amen. He's looking at the soul. And the spirit of God, the Holy Spirit is in you, unchanging, constant, no matter what. You can lose the feeling of it. You can lose the emotion of it. You can lose the sensation of it, but you cannot lose it. Remember what David said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." He didn't lose his salvation. He had lost that feeling of being saved. Listen, I want to feel like I'm saved, but my rest is not in my feeling. My rest is in the finished work of Calvary. Amen. We've still got to deal with the desires of this flesh as we spoke last service. But on the inside, God's dwelling and he's saying, "It's already done. I'm already here. You're perfected forever. You're ready to go. If you were to die today, you'd be there. You'll be into what? Eternity in a special body waiting to come back in the resurrection, pick this one up, glorify it, and move on. All that's left, church, is this little walk through time we call life to prove out what God's been doing all along. That's our life. That's our day-to-day walk. Amen. It starts in your soul, but that's not the end of the working of God. As we talked about last service, not by a long shot. The soul's the eternal part. That's what God's coming for. But you cannot have an eternal life of God inside of you and it not have an effect on this life today. Cuz Jesus said, "I came that they might have life and that more abundantly." It's got to bleed out. It's got to produce something in this flesh. Amen. It's the power of the Holy Spirit producing life through this even fleshly body. That's what he's trying to do. Bringing this body into subjection. Bringing this mind into subjection so that Christ could be revealed all over again. Why? Cuz God never does a halfway work. He's here to do the full redeeming. Amen. It's that full adoption, which is our body being redeemed and put into a condition that matches our soul condition. That's what we're looking for. But God doesn't start and then stop because he loses interest or because the clay fails as clay is prone to do. No, he keeps working until it's exactly the way he intended. How does he do it? By the word. By the word. Paul said this in Philippians. He says, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which had begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." What's that day, church? It's when he comes back for his bride. And he's not coming for a halfway finished scandalized bride. He's coming for a mature bride that has received the word and has wrapped herself in him. That's what he's coming back for. He's not coming back for a half-finish bride. He's coming back for a completed, finished work. Amen. She's perfect. When he comes back, he says, "But the law of the spirit of God is to force Satan to give up that which he has unrightfully, deceitfully taken from God." He says, "Sounds souls of men he took from God, souls of women, children. Sickness of the body he placed upon people where God made them in his image to be like him. And the church, he said, is given the rightful legal rights by the Bible to take the Holy Spirit and enforce this upon him. That's the full redemption story and process. Amen. The soul has already been redeemed, but it's looking forward. It's groaning for the day of full redemption when this body now becomes subject to the law of the spirit of life the way the soul has. Cuz that's when death will be swallowed up in victory, Paul says. Amen. But there's this great battle that's going on now. It's a battle between the spirit of God from our soul taking back that which is still in the flesh. This flesh is full of disobedience. I don't know if you've noticed lately. It is very disobedient. Doesn't listen. Doesn't like to listen. Maybe it's just mine. But it's not fun to be in. He says he's here to take back everything. Everything. See, don't look at the circumstance. Look at what's on the title deed. That's where we want to look. What belonged to him in the beginning, church. And I'll tell you this, for the believer, it's body, its soul, and its spirit. It's all of him. And so, he's coming back to redeem the whole package. Amen. And Satan's been trying to hold on to these things for 6,000 years. And guess what? We're in the final age where God says, "I'm taking it all back. What is it? It's the second exodus. It's the second exodus. Everywhere that the soul of your foot shall tread belongs to you. And so we walk through the word. And we walk through the word. And we say, "Hey, that's me. That's mine." This is our title deed this morning, church. Whatever he says here, every redemptive blessing belongs to the church, including your position in Christ. The privilege of being a son and daughter of God. Amen. We're in a body that wants to be selfish, that wants to feel good, wants things that are sensual and pleasurable. Absolutely it does. We're want We're in a body that wants to ease up. Isn't that the nature of Leodysia? The final church age is to what? Ease up. Lose our fervor. Lose our fervor. Compromise. Be religious. Just get us to the place where we can check the box off that we've satisfied God this week. That ain't the Christian walk, church. Remember what we read? In him we live and move and have our being. It's all Christ. Amen. It's not lukewarm. It's not compromised. There's a spirit of God inside of us that's saying, "Take it back." Not me rising up. Church, if this was about hype, this eye would be it would be healed today. It's not about hype. It's not about working it up or taking it down. It's about saying, "Lord, what do you want done? What's your time? What's your season? What's my part in it?" And then, "Lord, have your way. Have your way." And just resting and trusting. Amen. We read the scriptures and it ought to raise a standard in our life. I'm not talking just about clothing standards or but to raise up the standard to have faith and believe to say, "Lord, I'm identifying with your word. Lord, I'm looking into your word as a mirror." this morning because I need to be what it says right there. I need to be an overcomer. I need to be healed. I need to have grace. I need to have patience. I need to turn the other cheek today, Lord. Lord, I need an attitude adjustment and your word shows me what I'm supposed to be like. Lord, let me mirror what I'm reading this morning, what I'm hearing this morning in our life. Amen. It's got to be an uncction of the Holy Spirit that takes that and says, "This is for you. And let me tell you, church, if you're a child of God, there's nothing in there that's not meant for you when it comes to the promises of God. We'll close on these two quotes this morning. He says, "And if Satan has robbed you of the privilege of being a son or a daughter of God, we have a right this morning by the Holy Spirit to enforce the claim of God." He didn't say if he's deprived you of being a son of God or a daughter of God. He says the privilege. We have a lot of talk about privilege. these days, don't we, church? We're privileged this morning. Not because we're white or black or East Indian. We're privileged because we're sons and daughters of God. But we're not here to just walk in because we're a child of God. We're here to walk in fully redeemed. The full benefit of what he did at Calvary. That's what we're here for. He says, "Bring them back. If he's afflicted you and made you sick, we have a right before God to enforce the laws of God. By his stripes, we are healed. Amen. Bring him back. Turn him loose. You're taking him out yonder of death. And we claim him. Bring him back. Now, he says, "That's the enforcement. Restore it back to its natural condition." Again, a man is sick, a baby sick, a woman sick. See, they're out of their natural condition. I was listening to Brother Brandham yesterday morning and he said, "No, yes, it was yesterday morning." And he said, uh, I think he said Becky or or one of the the kids, he said she was up all through night with a fever. Okay, this is a prophet of God telling the story. You'd say just go lay your hands on her. He says she was up all night screaming and screaming, keeping us up. But he says, then I went in this morning cuz it was a Sunday morning. He said, "And we need to go to church." He says, "And so I went in." He says, "I laid hands on her." He said, "Satan, you can't have her this morning. We're taking her back." He says, "And she got up right away." And he says, "She's sitting at the back of the church this morning just as good as good can be." Why? There's an enforcer. Not for a life of ease. A life to do what the word requires us to do. Amen. Not just to make it easy for us, not just to to make life, not just to simplify life for us, but to say, "Lord, I'm in obedience to your word, and we need you to step in and prove it." That's it. That's it. just in simple faith say Lord I'm taking you at your word and then he says the Holy Spirit came and it enforced and it healed her immediately. He says she popped right up and she's sitting there good as gold. He says then we have a right to enforce our claim. Now catch this. He says it's not our claim. It's our claim because God gave it to us. See we don't make up things. That's what prosperity gospel is. Whatever you ask, you'll receive. But then I think it was John would come by and say, "If we ask anything according to his will, he'll hear us and we'll receive it." See, the key is to catch the mind of God, not to just go in with the desire. But if you have the mind of God, your desires will be his desires and he'll get he's more than willing to give you what he wants because it's not your desire now, it's his living through you. He says it's our claim because God gave it to us. By his stripes, we were healed. He was wounded for our transgression and with his stripes we were healed. He said now we have a right to enforce that law and the lawgiver, the Holy Spirit himself is here, the agent of God to see that it's done that way. It's the law of the spirit of life. What is it to restore you back to your natural original condition? He says, "Amen." Now, the only way he can work is when you let him work. What's our job, church? Let go and let God have his way. Surrender. Find his will and walk in it in full confidence that he'll take us through. He says, "See, you've got to believe there's a law." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand if we would. Amen. We have a privilege as children of God. And that privilege is to take the word of God and see it do exactly what it says it would do. It's the only people in this world that will have that privilege to have God move on our behalf because we're a part of that word. We underestimate I think I underestimate maybe I'll say it that way what we have in these earthn vessels. When God comes and dwells, when God's in the house, church, he's there to perfect the whole thing. He's there to have dominion over the whole thing. He's there to work in the whole thing, flaws and all. He's here to redeem it fully back and restore back to his presence into perfect position as sons and daughters of God. Amen. The law of the spirit of life will bring you back into the presence of God and it'll keep you there for eternity. That's what we're restored back to this morning. Listen, I want healing for my eye this morning. But what I want more than that is I want to be in his presence day in and day out for eternity where there is total rest. See, I might have rest in my soul, but this body it has no rest. Can anybody turn their body off? Turn off the desires. Turn off the wants. Turn off the dreams. You can't help it. And there's no rest because there's always that struggle, that back and forth. But we're going to a time and a place of perfect rest. Amen. Where the body, the soul, and the spirit are completely back in unity with God. That's what I want this morning. Sometimes I think we get sick so that we can want to leave here. Sometimes I think we get hardship so that we can realize this really isn't my home. This isn't my place. This isn't my full purpose. I've got something beyond that's even greater than that. Amen. Let go. Let God have his way this morning. Trust. If you know you've got the spirit of God, if you know that you know that you know, what can't he and won't he do in our lives this morning? Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, how wonderful it is to be under a different law this morning. Lord, not a law of dos and don'ts, Lord, but a law of the spirit of Christ inside of us that makes us want what you want, that makes us do what you do, Lord, that changes our thoughts, that changes our attitudes, that changes our actions, that takes the very desires of this flesh and brings them subject to your spirit by your word, Lord God. Lord, we have many needs. We're in many battles this morning. Lord, you see our weak. You saw where we won. You saw where we lost. Lord, you see where we're struggling, Lord. But there's a spirit of the law of the law of the spirit, Lord, of life inside of us that's here to remedy every situation, Lord. And it comes not by looking at this flawed flesh, Lord, this badger skin that surrounds it, Lord. But it comes by looking at us through the word and the blood of Jesus Christ, Lord, to see exactly what it is that you think about us. To see exactly what you're doing in our lives, Lord, to see the very desires, Lord, that you had before the world began to produce a bride, a family that is just like you. Lord, your spirit's here to destroy the works of the devil. Lord, it's got to start on the inside. Lord, we've got to receive you before we can ever get the working of you in our lives. Lord, if there's any here, Lord, there are I know that need your spirit this morning, Lord. I pray that they would reach out and ask, Lord, that they would come according to your word, Lord. That as they fulfilled it, Lord, you would fulfill your portion. Lord, that you would fill them with your spirit. Lord, help us not to live under our privileges this morning. Lord, let us live by faith with expectation, Lord. Just trusting that you do all things well, Lord. That you're with us, you're in us, Lord. You'll never leave us. You'll never forsake us, Lord. That this is a finished work, Lord, that's been brought down into time to play out. Lord, help us to see we're close to the finish line. Help us press towards the mark. Lord, give us strength, Lord. Grant us grace. Grace for each other, grace for ourselves as well. Heavenly Father, Lord, that we'd see, Lord, perfect forgiveness and redemption through your blood. Bless your people now this morning. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. He's in the house. 11:37 Little was lying there. The people all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. And as he took her by the hand, well, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord and some began to say he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the [Music] house. And we were like that little girl dead in all our sins. till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. Oh, I am just a house of plague. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. is in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. So death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. And we were like that little girl dead in all our sins till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. [Music] I am just a house of clay. Hallelujah. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Praise your name. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's in the house. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. He's in the house. He's in the house. Oh death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. So death has to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Hallelujah. I found it all. 1182. I found it all when I lost it. everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. When I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. When I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all when I found the Lord. I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a risen king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, it's already done. 11:36 And it's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. And I'm already healed. Oh, I'm already here. The battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already healed. And it's already done. It's already done. And the battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. And I'm already here. [Music] Oh, I'm already here. The battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already healed. And it's already done. It's already done. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. Cuz I'm already here. Oh, I'm already [Music] here. The battle is over. Victory is won. I'm already healed and I'm already healed. Thank you, Lord, that I'm already here. The battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already healed. You deserve the glory. 10:25. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands to worship you as we praise your holy name. deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do things because so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. Oh, you deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you deserve the glory and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do so great. There is no No one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Isn't he good? Amen. We're going to sing one more song before we close. We're going to sing Shout to the Lord. I'm sorry I don't have the number there. And I'm going to ask brother Vichel to come and close in prayer if he would. I got handed a note here. Says, "We need to keep Brother Barry and Sister Darlene Guy in prayer. They are recovering but still really need our prayers, especially Brother Barry." Then they said, "Also remember keep to keep Brother Jeremiah in prayer. He got a concussion playing baseball." Amen. So, let's remember the the Guy family and the Collins family as well this morning. Remember brother Grant as he's going through exams and final uh assignments and these different things. Amen. Pray God's grace for my eye. We can get some resolution there as well. Amen. Many needs in the body. Amen. Let's sing this as we before brother Bishel comes. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. For all of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, all that I am, never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Oh my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath all that I am never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sounds of your name. name I sing for joy at the work forever I'll love you forever I'll stand nothing compares to the promise I have oh nothing compares to the proise I have. Nothing compares to the promise I have in [Music] [Music] you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your presence in this service. Lord, there's nothing that compares to the promise we have in you. Lord, help us, Lord, to separate us from ourselves, Lord, and look at you as you see us, Lord. You have cleansed us, Lord. Yes, Lord. There are many needs in the body, Lord. We pray for Brother Barry and Sister Darlene. Lord, we pray for Brother Jeremiah. Lord, we pray for the Collins family, Lord. Please be with them, Lord. They need your healing touch, Lord. They need your presence, Lord. Please strengthen them, Lord. Help Brother Chad and Sister Leah, Lord, as they continue to press through all this, Lord. We pray to you for Brother Adam, Lord. Help him with his hands, Lord. Lord, help him not just to find a healing, Lord, but help him to find a greater revelation of you, oh Lord. Help him to come closer to you, Lord, through this trial. Lord, we pray to you for Sister Katrina, Lord. We pray to you for Sister Rebecca, Lord. Help them, Lord. Give them the healing touch they need. Lord, we pray to you for Sister Kimberly. Lord, we pray to you for Brother Wesley. Lord, help them. Lord, strengthen them, Lord. Help them to continue press through their trial, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for your many mercies, Lord. Yes, Lord. We thank you for our trials, Lord. We know each and every trial is to bring us closer to you, Lord. Every trial is a greater revelation of you, oh Lord, of your presence, of your power, of your control in our lives. Lord, we pray to you for your grace, your mercy. Lord, we pray to you for your love, your kindness. Lord, we thank you for your fellowship, Lord, for your presence in our lives, Lord. We welcome you Lord in our midst Lord. We pray to you Lord with every service Lord. Help us to rise a little bit higher. Lord help us to take that walk Lord that inoculate. Lord help us to grow in that rapturing faith. Lord we pray to you Lord to cast every demon out of over here. Lord we condemn every spirit out of this congregation. Lord only through your presence, through your power. Lord, we pray to you Lord for your presence, for your healing touch. Lord, help us, Lord, to cross from this dimension to the other one. Lord, where we can see you, Lord. We love you, Lord. We welcome you. We praise you, Lord. We love you so much, Lord. There is not sufficient praise we can give to you, Lord. We might complain, Lord, but you look beyond our complaints, Lord. You look at your part in us, Lord. That's the only part we can trust in. Lord, we love you. We praise you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] All that I am to the Lord. Power of praise to your king at the word of your Ever I love you forever I'll be your pro I am. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] God of my Are you all my You [Music] know, I wonder. [Music] I love the king. I will [Music] God is the Happy birthday. I [Music] love you. I walk through. I wish my life through me. I never I I am God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
