################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 20250622 - The Token Life Pt 61 - Absolute Power Pt 4 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    20250622 - The Token Life Pt 61 - Absolute Power Pt 4 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq6QFO0bG5Y
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1c_Thqjsc7mgNMUizFli9ZKT9dtZkouSe/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] blessing and honor, glory and power stand, riches and wisdom. and strength. Hallelujah. Oh, bless me and honor, glory and power, riches and wisdom and strength. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. To you. unto you. Praise the Lord. Who sits at the right hand of God be unto you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Unto you. Amen. who sits at the right hand of God unto you. Oh, blessing and honor, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Riches and wisdom and strength. Oh, praise the Lord. Blessing and honor glory and power, riches and wisdom and strength be unto you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord unto you. Thank you Jesus who sits at the right hand of God unto you. Unto you. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. At the right hand of God unto you. Let's sing it again. Praise the Lord. And blessing and honor, glory and power, riches and wisdom and strength. Hallelujah. blessing and honor, glory and power, riches and wisdom and spread be unto you. Unto you. Hallelujah. who sits at the right hand of God. Be unto you. unto you who sits at the right hand of God unto you. Amen. I came to worship. Praise the Lord. 12:45. Amen. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you, Lord. The holy name to raise. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. I worship you. You are my Lord. I came to worship you. Yes, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you, Lord. Your holy name to raise. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Howallelujah. How I worship you. You are Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I came to worship you. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. Hallelujah. I came to love you, Lord. Your holy name to praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How I worship you. You are my Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Trust you came this morning with that intent to worship him with all of our hearts. Amen. Welcome everybody this morning. Glad to have the Hansen with us, Brother Bob and Sister Joe. God bless you both. Good to have you here. and of course sister Darlene and and everybody else. God bless you all. It's getting great. I don't when I don't have to name I don't need to name all the names in the church means we're God is adding to the church. Amen. So God bless you all. Brother Chad, open in prayer this morning and remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word this morning. And um remember of course uh brother Dan and sister Laura Snow, brother Nelson Guy and uh of course brother Chad and family are traveling this week uh to Ontario on vacation. So God bless them and just keep them in prayer. So let's just uh sing this. It is 9:17 the chorus. In Christ alone I place my trust. There's nowhere else we can place it or want to place our trust but in him. So let's do that this morning as we shed the things that so easily beset us and enter into his presence this morning. Amen. In Christ alone I place my trust. Amen. And find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, my source of strength, my source of hope is Christ the Lord. In Christ the Lord, I place my trust. Hallelujah. and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me, my source of strength. Amen. My source of hope. Hallelujah. Christ alone. In Christ alone I place my trust. Hallelujah. And find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory let it be said of me. My source of strength. Amen. My source of hope, hallelujah, is Christ alone. Amen. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord, heavenly father, want to take the time and invite you, Lord. Amen. Although seeing one another is great, Lord, we come to worship you, worship you in truth, Lord, and give you praises and honor you, Lord. [Music] Father, all what's going on in the world today, Lord, we pray what's going on in the Middle East, Lord, for for the people, the innocent people that's caught up in these things, Lord, by evil governments in high places, Lord. And we just pray grace to them, Lord. We ask, Father, that anybody in this church, Lord, that's reaching out to you, we ask that you touched them, Lord. Touched them in a special way, Father. And Lord, we pray for Brother John, Lord, and his family. Pray that you protect them, Father, from all kinds of evil forces and spirits that try to attack, Lord. and just ask that your angels guard them and keep them safe, Lord. [Music] Father, anointite brother John, Lord, to speak directly to our hearts, Lord, to create change and become the Christian that you want us to be, Lord, in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen. [Music] God bless you. You can be seated. [Music] Amen. Number 1140. That's a wonderful medley. Amen. Let's just sing that this morning. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. He never failed me yet. Never fail me. Jesus Christ has never failed me. This one thing I know that wherever I go, Jesus Christ has never failed. Hallelujah. He never failed me yet. Never fail me. Jesus Christ has never failed me. There's one thing I know. Wherever I go, Jesus Christ has never fail me. Praise the Lord. And this old world can never hold me. Amen. Anymore. I'll be gone. Amen. For I made my consecration [Music] And I have my wedding and all. And he is wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing 236. I'll be somewhere listening. Amen. Praise the Lord. When the Savior calls, I will. When he calls for me, I will hear. When the Savior calls, Amen. And I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Amen. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. [Music] I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. And if my heart is right when he calls me, if my heart is right, I will hear. Amen. And my heart is right when he calls me. I'll be somewhere listening for my Amen. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. And if my robe is white, when he calls me, if my robe is white, I will hear. If my robe is white, when he calls me, I'll be somewhere. Praise the Lord. Amen. And I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere. Amen. Somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. And if my heart is right when he calls, Hallelujah. If my heart is right, I will hear. If my heart is right, when he calls me, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Amen. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere. Amen. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. And I'll be somewhere listening. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere. Praise the Lord. Listen, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's uh let's sing 129 is Let the book live in me, dear Lord. Amen. Let the book live in me, dear Lord. Show me myself within thy word. Show me myself and show me my savior and let the book live in me. Let the book live in me dear Lord. Hallelujah. Show me myself within thy word. Show me thyself. [Music] Amen. My savior had let the book live in me and let the boat live. Hallelujah. Dear Lord, show me myself within thy word. Praise the Lord. Show me my ass and show me my savior and let the for me. Amen. Praise the Lord. A worthy request that let his word be seen in us. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um 979. It's ancient words. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Holy words, Lord, preserve for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Let the word of God impart. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come. Hallelujah. Oh, let the word of God in holy words. Yes. Amen. And down to his page, came to us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words. Hallelujah. The word of God ever true. Hallelujah. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God come. Praise the Lord. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength and help us grow. In this world where we roll, words of life will guide us. Hallelujah. Amen. Word of God, ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open. Hallelujah. The word hallelujah. Holy words of our faith and down through this age. Came to us who sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words. Praise the Lord. Word of God, ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come. Yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. The word of God and words of life. Amen. Words of hope. Give us strength. Amen. And help us grow in this world where we grow. Words of life will guide us. Hallelujah. The word of God ever do changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God praise the Lord. The word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, let the word of God. The word of God. Yes. Amen. changing me and changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Hallelujah. Let the word of God and word of God ever true. Changing me. Hallelujah. Changing you. Hallelujah. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] Words of life. Words of hope. Give us strength. Help us in this world where we roam. Words of life will guide. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, let the word of God impart and word of God ever true. Changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's all about him, isn't it? It's the word of God ever true and it's changing us day by day. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing the goodness of God. 1271. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I'm in hell in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. I love your voice. Amen. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are cross like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able I will say of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. Yes. Amen. All my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will say of your goodness. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. All my life you have been so so good. That I am able. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. I love your voice. I love your voice. You have made me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. Oh hallelujah. Known you as a father. Known you as a friend. And I in the goodness. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. Amen. And all my life you have been so long [Music] with every breath that I am made from I and all my life. Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. Oh hallelujah. All my life you have is yours. Amen. Every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing 1251. I know I am the bride. Amen. Believe that this morning. I know I am the bride you're returning for. I know I am the bride that you are returning for. Dressed in garments wide and wrinkle free. Though I have no earthly love that I am holding to for your one means everything to me. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. I stand. You are the faithful God who keeps your covenant. There's not one thing you said you have not done. Amen. Praise the Lord. And someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have hallelujah. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. I will give everything to you alone. You are the faithful God. You are the faithful God who keeps. God bless you. Amen. Thank you. And someday when I see you standing face to face, my praise for you will only have begun. I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you, alone. And I will sing. I will worship you. I will bow myself down humbly at your throne. I will give anything. I will give everything to you alone. [Music] Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, I'm trusting that's a true confession for each one of us this morning, Lord God. Lord, that we will humbly bow ourselves before you. Lord, a prophet told us that humility is power with God. And Lord, as we're speaking on your power this morning, Lord, may we recognize this morning, Lord, that we've got to be humble before you, Lord. But we've got to lay everything else aside, Lord. And just lay ourselves before you that you could do with us what you will, Lord. That it's your power, not our power. It's your word, not our word. Lord, it starts with you, it finishes with you. You're the yay and amen. You are the author and the finisher of our faith, Lord God. So, Lord, we're thankful this morning. Lord, we're humbled to be here this morning as your children to worship and praise you for all that you've done for us. Lord, we're holding you to your promise now. speak to your people. Draw us closer to you. Strengthen us. Give us courage, Lord Jesus. Heal our bodies, our minds, our hearts. Lord, change us to be more like you this morning. We pray Jesus Christ's name we're asking it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would this morning to Luke chapter 24. Luke 24. Sure enjoyed that song service. Amen. Wonderful to come in and hear the worship of the people of God. Amen. Certainly want to welcome our visitors. We've got Sister Darlene Guy with us here this morning. God bless you, Sister Darlene. Always happy to have you with us. Then we have our precious friends, Brother Bob and Sister Joe Hansen from British Columbia. And they're very dear to us, very good friends of us. When we moved to British Columbia, they invited us into our house having done neither good nor evil. without knowing us, having never met us and we stayed with them for two weeks before we moved in and then the last couple days before we moved back to Newfoundland, we stayed with them as well. So certainly appreciate them. They're going to be with us for a little over three weeks. Um they'll be away for a little bit, but um certainly wonderful to have them with us and trusting that we'll be blessed and they'll be blessed. Amen. A mutually beneficial trip for all of us. Amen. God bless you. Familiar scripture. We read this a couple services ago and now we're really getting back to the meat of it. says, "And behold," Jesus speaking out of the disciples, "I send the promise of my father upon you, but tear ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. May God bless the reading of his word. And we've been preaching our series on the token life, on the life of a Holy Ghostfilled believer. And we're taking another thought on absolute power. Amen. And I want to pick up kind of where we finished the last service on this topic or the first service on this topic where Jesus gave this commission to the disciples, but he told them they had to wait before they could fulfill their commission. And we've preached now a couple services on what it means to receive your commission. And we talked about Jo about Moses and Joshua and Caleb and there and David. And the purpose was to show that when God gives a message to a people, that message itself is a commission. Amen. It is something that that shows there's a work to be done. who's to do it, what the benefits are. Amen. And that message is meant for somebody. God doesn't send a message because there's nobody there to receive it. God sends a message and it's for you if you'll receive it. If you won't receive it, it's not for you. It could have been for you, but it's not for you. But the message is given for those that will receive it. And it's meant to bring them to a better place. Amen. It does four things. It identifies who you are. If you hear it, you're a child of God. That's the way it's worked. You see this all the way through scripture. Those that will hear and receive the word of God, they are the children of God. It's a very simple metric. Amen. Children of God will listen, they will receive, and they will act on the word of God. And children that are not of God can't hear it. They can't receive it. They can't even understand it, much less go all the way with it. Amen. So, it identifies who you are. It also identifies your time and your season. Amen. It tells you what the conditions are around you. It tells you what your condition is. That's what we need so many times. I don't need to know what their condition is. I need to know what my condition is relative to what God wants for me. Amen. So, it shows you what your condition is. Amen. And then it tells you what to do. Remember, a commission is power with full or sorry, it's permission with full power. So, permission to do something with all the power of an entity behind it. Amen. So when we receive a message, we receive a commission, then God puts all of power of heaven behind you to help you do exactly what he wants you to do. What's he doing, church? He's taking the pressure off of us. He's saying, "All you have to do is obey. All you have to do is act, and I'll put everything I have behind you if you'll just receive what I have for you." And then it tells you what the benefit is. And we know that uh as much as we might not want to admit it today, we are driven by benefit. We do things because it's good for us. We do it because there's something in it for us. And God is in it for us. All things work together for our good. So he shows us the good that's behind it. Sometimes the good means we escape judgment. Sometimes the good is that we are corrected to escape judgment. Amen. Sometimes it's to take us out of unnecessary pain and suffering. Sometimes it's to get us to turn a corner. I don't know about you, I'm a groove person. I like to keep going the same way indefinitely. But I've got to learn to turn corners. And that's why God has to speak to me in certain ways to get me to turn a corner cuz I get comfortable. Sometimes we get comfortable. It's not wrong, but it's not where he wants us to go indefinitely. So, he has to get us to turn a corner. Sometimes he's got to turn us around. And the benefit is you'll come back to me where you left me. It's a message given to restore us back to our condition, but it's always meant to benefit us. I meant you look at Noah. God gave Noah a message. And he gave it to the not just to Noah but to the people of his time. And his message to the people was you've become so evil that God is going to destroy you. Repent and get in the ark. That was the message. It showed them their condition. It showed them their season. It showed them a way out. It showed them a work to do. And it showed them a benefit to their life. Amen. And then you take that message and you give it to the people. And what happens? nothing so many times. Don't judge your commission by the results. Judge it by obedience to the word because it's going to be few there be that find the way that's straight and narrow. Amen. It gives us a commission if you receive the message you have to do something. There's something for you to do. There's a road for you to walk. There's a path you have to take. Like I said, it may be to it's always to avoid a judgment. The word always takes you out of judgment and into Christ. But it may be to help somebody else do it. Amen. It may be to correct us and bring us to where we need to be, but when you receive the word of God, there's always something for you to do. James said, "Faith without works is dead." Amen. There's something that we have to do. Now, we look at Noah, and the scripture says, "Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord." Noah found grace because he was a child of God, not because he was in and of himself anything great. He was a good man. He was a perfect man in his generation, but it's still grace because compared to God, we're all imperfect. But as a child of God, grace found him. And God gave Noah a commission to build an ark. And with that, he gave him a way of escape. His commission was his saving grace. If we could look at that way. And then it gives us a work or a ministry. Remember that commission is permission with full power. And so God gave Noah the ability. He gave him the time. He gave him the strength. He gave him the commitment to build an ark for 120 years and still preach throughout that as well. God doesn't call us to do something without giving us the strength to do it. church, if he's called you, he's made you able. Paul said, "I can do all things through Christ which strengthen me." He didn't he didn't start with what he needed, but God gives us what we have need of. And then after that always comes the reality of the promise. That's the benefit, church, is that what God says is real. It's true. It's going to happen. And so after 120 years, God tells Noah, "Go into the ark." And then what does God do? He shuts the door. Noah didn't turn off the tap of grace. Noah's message was grace, grace, grace because judgment's coming otherwise. And when God called him in, God turned off grace. And Moses' message turned into a message of grace into the judgment. He wasn't preaching anymore. The doors were shut. It was too late. But once they were in church, once those doors were sealed, they had an assurance that they would make it through because they were in the very thing that God told them to build. It wasn't of their design. It was his design. It was his word. It was his commission. It was his way of doing things. So, they were now literally living in the word of God. And that was what was going to take them through. And I'm saying all that to set a foundation this morning. The power of taking God at his word. The power of taking your commission and sticking with it. No matter what happens, no matter what circumstances come, no matter how society turns against us, no matter what other churches say, no matter what other people say, no matter how much people pull back, you say, "I'm in it to the end. I'm in it to the end. I'm not going to stop until I fulfilled my commission." Amen. But it's not my power. It's his power. It's not your word. It's his word. We're a part of it. But it comes from him and it belongs to him. But I want us to turn back now to this thought on the disciples going up to wait in Jerusalem. And if we look in Mark 16, we see the commission that they received. And he says in Mark 16:14, he says, "Afterward, he appeared unto the 11 as they sat at meat, and upraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, but because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen." And he said unto them, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." So here's the commission, church. Here's the orders. That's the work they're supposed to do is preach the gospel everywhere, to everyone. No exceptions. We don't decide who is and is not a child of God. That's what our flesh would want to do. God's got children of God everywhere. Amen. But notice now in their condition, they are in an unbelieving hard-hearted condition. And he gives them their commission. See, the commission is not dependent on what you are now. God will give you the commission. Moses had a commission to be a deliverer since he was born. But when God finally comes down and says it's time, then God makes a way for you to fulfill that commission. But they're still unregenerated men at this point. And he's giving them this great commission. He says, uh, he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. In other words, you can't do like many churches preach today and say, I accept Jesus as my savior. Jesus didn't say that. He says what if you believe and are baptized. In other words, you got to take what you say you believe and put it into action. There's something for you to do when you receive the word. Faith without works is dead. You got to prove you believe it by doing what he said. And so if you believe God, you'll do exactly and specifically what his word requires. That's the nature of a believer. Amen. Then he says, "But he that believeth not shall be damned." Amen. Here's the benefit and the purpose. The preaching of the gospel now will save the believer and cause them to respond to the gospel the way they're supposed to. And the unbeliever will turn away. They're both a part of the commission church. Some have to be turned away and some have to be turned to. The commission fulfills both. Now watch this. He says, "And these signs shall follow them that believe." Now notice, church, this is not the commission. This is the proof of the commission. This is the effect of the commission. This is the benefit of the commission. See, before they were told to go out and preach repentance and heal and cast out devils, and it was all one commission. Jesus made that a commission to go out and heal the sick and raise the dead, cast out devils and all these things. Amen. The signs and wonders were the main element. And remember when the disciples came back, they did not come back saying, "Look, look, we've got so many disciples." They didn't say that. What did they say? Even the devils obey us. But they didn't come back with a bunch of believers. They came back with a bunch of signs and wonders. And when they go up into the upper room, there's only 109 disciples with them. Out of all of them, they've gotten about nine each, 10 each. That's it. All those signs and wonders. And what did it produce, church? Almost nothing. That can never be the main attraction. It's the bait on the hook, but it's the word that'll seal your soul. That's the only thing that's going to do it. Remember Jesus said, "I'll make you fishers of men." And in their first ministry with all those signs and wonders, they fished and got almost no men. But now he's making a change. Amen. So their their their early ministry didn't show the effect of the true gospel. Amen. Now the signs and wonders follow the preaching. Now the word is taking the effect. It's the primary. It's the preeminence. Why? Because now it's the full word. Now it's the full word. Look, we know this message and I won't go into it. You have a first poll with signs and wonders, a second poll with signs and wonders. The third pull is the word. It's always the word. And the first one and two, Jesus had it. Remember, he goes out and where he goes, he heals everybody and it draws all these people. Then he goes to the pool and he heals one. And then he preaches sermons that they don't understand and they all leave him. Right? The signs and wonders are to draw attraction to the word, but the word is what keeps you. It's the only thing that will keep you. It's the only thing that'll keep us as we go through this. Amen. He says, "In my name, they shall cast out devils and they'll speak with new tongues." Church, there's power in the name of Jesus Christ. There is power in the name of Jesus Christ. We've seen it here. We have it here. We've seen immediate results. We've seen uh healing results that are instantaneous, and we've seen them that take time. We've seen deliverances that take time. We've seen them instantaneous. We've seen life change in a moment. We've seen lives changed over years. We're still being changed. Amen. There's power in the name of Jesus. He says, "They shall take up serpents and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." And we see this with the Apostle Paul. Remember, he he lands on that island. He's shipwrecked and he goes and he picks up some wood and a snake bites him, a poisonous snake, and he just shakes it off into the fire and walks away. We're not like those crazy people that bring rattlesnakes into the church. They're tempting God, church. And guess what? When they get bit, bad things happen. Why? Because they're not in the line of duty. They're trying to prove something rather than be something, right? That's not what he's talking about here. But we've seen these things. We've seen the sick recover. We're seeing the sick recover. Amen. That's a process of time, but it's still healing. You go to a doctor, two people get the same thing done to them. One dies, one lives. Why? God's a healer, not the doctor. They're doing something to benefit the body, but the body itself has to work and heal. And healing is God's business, not just a doctor's business. We spoke before how the disciples had power over devils and diseases, but their gospel was only one of repentance. But now they have a new gospel. And he says, "You got to go and preach what?" Salvation. This is a full gospel. This is a saving gospel. This is everything that they've been looking for under a new covenant, under grace. Amen. That old gospel could only prepare the people for salvation, but it couldn't save them. But now they've got a gospel that will actually save the people. But before they can go preach this gospel, Jesus said this thing, and we read it in our first uh scripture this morning. He says, "And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but tear ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from where? On high." Now that word endued is a very special word. It means to be clothed with or covered. In other words, something has to wrap around you. Something has to cover up who and what you are. This has to completely envelop your being. So that you can't be seen. And all that's seen is your covering. If I could say it this way, Jesus says, "You can't preach this gospel until you've received this gospel." You got to see what this gospel does before you can preach it. There are things in this Bible church I preach because they're there, not because I've had that experience yet. I haven't had all the experiences that we read about in here and nobody ever will. But I see things and I preach them because they're there. But there are things I preach in a different way because I know they work because I've experienced it. And let me tell you, when I preach those, I preach them differently because I can tell you by personal experience it works. Amen. Jesus is saying here, we'll see it later. You can't even preach this right until you receive it. Because you don't even know what it's going to look like. He can take them back to Ezekiel 36 and and Isaiah, Joel 2:28 and these things and we can preach and preach and preach it. But they didn't know what that would look like until it actually happened. And sometimes that's the problem is we put God in a box because we preach it the way we think it's got to be rather than the way it will be. We'll see this as we go, church. We've got to let God be God and let it be the way it's going to be. We can't put them in a box of prescriptions because of the way we think. Amen. I'm not here to preach theology today. I'm here to preach a reality of Christ. Amen. I'm not preaching today because I'm just a a guy that wants to get up here and talk. I'm here today because I know what it means to have the power of God in my life. I wasn't born a Christian. I wasn't born good. I wasn't born right. I was born in sin, shaped in iniquity, same as everybody else. I'm not a preacher today. I'm not a Christian today because I was born that way. I wasn't born right. I wasn't born good. Listen, being raised in a right home helps, but it doesn't make me a Christian. Coming to church is good, but that doesn't make me a Christian. Listening to the right music and hanging around the right friends doesn't make me a Christian. Those things protect me. Those things help me make right decisions. But what makes me a Christian is when Christ lives inside me. And that's how I got where I am today. That's why I am the way I am today. That's why I trust you are the way you are today. Is because Christ has come down inside of you. Christian means Christlike. And you can only be like Christ if you have Christ on the inside. This is surface. This is religion. If he's on the inside, that's what makes it life. Cuz otherwise the letter kills. But it's the spirit that gives us life. And to be like Christ, you have to have Christ on the inside. Otherwise, it's just dead religion and men's works. going around with brother Joe and or brother Bob and sister Joe yesterday and we're in the big churches and we went down to the big Anglican church and and the basilica and you look at that and you see what men can do beautiful dead it's just surface it's just surface there's nothing to it amen but it takes Christ on the inside to make us into a Christian not just coming to church not just nodding our head Christian culture didn't make me a Christian. That's one of the greatest dangers we have as a culture, a way of living rather than life itself. It takes life itself to make us into Christ. Amen. It's his life inside of me that makes me the way I am. Too many people today are trying to live a Christian walk without Christ inside of them. And it will never work in and out, up and down. Am I saved? Am I not saved? It takes the anchor of the Holy Spirit inside your life to get you there. Amen. We can't come to him perfect. We can't come to him good. We just have to come the way we are and let him do something with us. That's the only way this is ever going to work out. Church, joining a church won't do it. Coming to church won't do it. Singing and clapping hands and having a wonderful song service like we had this morning. That won't do it. Putting your name on a church membership book won't do it. We don't have one here anyways. But the scripture says by one spirit you're baptized into one body. It takes the life of Christ to make you a believer this morning. And it's the only way that'll ever work. Amen. What do you have to do? You've got to get before God and you say, "God, I'm here to be changed." That's it. God, I'm here to be changed. And not leave until he changes you. Say, "God, I'm here to be delivered. God, I'm here to be washed. God, I'm here to be rebirthed. God, I'm here to die." That's what it's going to take. God, I'm here to die. Amen. We can't walk into Christ with our own ideas. It won't work. Cuz if we do, we'll try and make it happen the way we think it should happen. We'll try and have an experience the way we think that we're supposed to have an experience. Church, let your experience with Christ be the experience with Christ. If you look at all the testimonies we have here, not all of us had the same experience. We have the same result, but the experience that we all have is different. We've got people that came out of denominations. We've got people that came out of the great We've got people that came out of just off the streets. We've got people that came out of religious works. We've got people that came out of drugs and addiction and all these different things. But your experience is different than everyone else's. But the result is always the same. It makes you like him. It makes you like him. Amen. This is where we come to an idea of what an absolute is because we have all sorts of absolutes today. I've been listening to that message, an absolute. But the absolutes we have today, they're not real absolutes. They think they are. We treat them like they are. We say the law is an absolute. We say the law is an absolute. If it says it's wrong and you do it, then something's going to happen. And yet, we look around, we see all sorts of people breaking laws and nothing happening to them. We see people twisting it and manipulating it. to the law, we treat it like an absolute, but it isn't an absolute. We say, "Well, the courts are an absolute. The Supreme Court of Canada, the Supreme Court of the United States is an absolute because there's no higher authority in the country." But guess what? There are things that can override a Supreme Court. You can go to a world court. You say, "Well, the world court is the highest." Then you got people that will disobey the world court. Israel has has claims against their leaders from world courts. So, it's an absolute only as much as we let it be an absolute. Then we say, "Well, we have absolute control over our bodies, do we?" We say, "I'm going to put my foot down. They can't do it to me. I won't do it." And now all of a sudden, we're doing things we don't want to do. We have no absolutes. They're all absolutes in context, but they're not absolutes in and of themselves. Brother Brown would say this. He says, "According to Webster's, absolute means this, perfect in itself, unlimited in its power, and primarily an ultimate." He said, "And an ultimate is the amen. That's all." He says, "That's all of it. That settles it." And I went to look deeper on this song of an absolute and I found more and I feel like it fleshes out this idea of what an absolute is. And when speaking of the law, it says that an absolute is the final decree is the period at the end of all things. An absolute is that which does not need to be viewed with relation to other things. Now to put that into into other words, it doesn't need comparisons to make it clear or right or correct. It stands alone and everything else is compared to it. Did you know we weigh things and we think, well, you know, a kilogram is is is this and we just accept it. But you did you know there's an absolute for a kilogram and it's this perfectly shaped sphere. I think it weighs more than it might be 10 kilograms. Whatever it is, it's a perfectly shaped spear that is that is is perfectly round and smooth down to the smallest measurement. It's shaped with lasers. It's so perfect. It has perfect reflection. There's and this is the standard for all weight. Everything is compared to that one perfect ball of material that weighs exactly 1.0000 kg. It is perfect. Everything else relates to that. An absolute is that which is true or right and the same in all conditions. It never changes. It is something that is certain and not to be doubted. In other words, it's the only thing worth believing. It says existing independent of all others and standing alone. And when I read that, I thought of grace because grace has no limit. It is independent. It is remember what grace said. It is merit without it is favor without merit. You don't deserve it. It stands alone. You get it because it stands alone, not because of who and what you are. And then I saw this and this was not like I was not reading this on a religious site. This was a Google search and it said that that an absolute is ultimate reality God. I said God bless you whoever wrote that. The ultimate reality or God. That's what an absolute is. Amen. So, we're talking about the disciples going to Jerusalem and they're supposed to wait until they get power. They'd had power before, but this was different power. This was absolute power that was going to drop in. Amen. But when we look at that definition of a of an absolute, and then we start to talk about absolute power, we have to see one thing, and that's that we are doomed if we think we can have anything to do with an absolute. Brother John, you've been preaching on absolute power. We've raised our hands and said, "I want absolute power." We're going to see what that looks like this morning. But the thing is, if it is absolute, what do I add to it? What do I bring to it? It is perfect in itself. It's it it is it is standing alone. It has nothing to do with me. So, I can't have anything to do with an absolute because I can't add to it because it has everything it needs. And I can't take anything from it because it has everything it needs. It stands alone. Amen. So when it comes to absolute power, we can't bring anything of ourselves to it because it is absolute. It has everything it needs. We pray before our services there with the musicians. And my prayer every time is, Lord, take what we have and use it. I can't take it and use it. You have to take it and use it. When I'm preaching, my prayer is, "Lord, set me aside so you can flow through." Because the minute I add myself to it, it taints it. It makes it less than absolute. And I'm amazed that he calls it the foolishness of preaching because that's exactly what it is. But yet, it is an absolute when the spirit is speaking. Amen. But we can't bring anything of ourselves to it. Amen. When it comes to having our lives changed, we can't come in with any thoughts or ideas or preferences or anything like that because when we do, we take that absolute and we make it subject to us, subject to our ideas, subject to our preferences, and we completely limit it. And you can't limit an absolute. It's not meant to be limited. Amen. I've said this before. If we could do it on our own, we already would have done it. And so if we're looking for absolute power in our lives, we can't say, "I'm going to take what I have and then Lord, add on to it." What we have to say is, "Lord, what I have doesn't work and I'm throwing it away. I'm laying it down. I'm going to let you do what you want. If you want to pick up a portion of me back and use it again, then you can do it. But otherwise, I've got to lay it down because you're the absolute and I am not. You have everything I need. I don't. You have all the power. I have none of it. I have every good intention, but that's still not good enough. It's not going to get me across the finish line. Amen. If we could overcome the lust of the flesh and the predisposition to do certain things, our addictive natures, our besetting sins, our broken hearts, our emotions that are always getting us in trouble, the uncertainty of our worth, whatever it might be, we'd have done it already. But we can't because we don't have that power. We can't make ourselves something that we're not. Amen. And yet we see people trying to do it day after day after day. And what do they do? They're trying to crawl up the sides of their life. Have you ever seen they have those walls that they start at a shallow curve and then they just get steeper and steeper and steeper. And the goal is to try and get up, but you find that you can only get so far and then you just start to slip down. And that's what people do in life. We get ahead. We get to get ahead. We get ahead. And then what do we do? We fall right back because nothing's changed. We don't have power to get ourselves out of the way. We don't have power to move forward. Amen. We're prone to fall, prone to wander. We're lost sheep. That's exactly what we are. Amen. We need something greater than ourselves. And that's what Jesus is driving home with the disciples. Amen. They needed something that would get them out of the way. They needed something that would anchor them when they didn't have anything to be anchored. Church, they were going to be threatened. They were going to be killed. They were going to be outcasts. They were going to be social rejects. I think John was the only disciple that died a natural death. and they tried to boil him and they couldn't kill him. Everyone else, as far as I know, died an unnatural death. And some of them died within two or three years of Jesus going. They needed something that would take them right up to the gates of death and hell. And they walked through in total comfort, peace, and rest, and that would lead them the path there without fear of what would wait beyond those things. The problem with the disciples was always the disciples. Problem with me is me. problem with you is you this morning. We need something that'll get us out of the way. Something greater than what we are. Something that's more than what we are. We need an absolute to take us beyond all the limitations that we have in this life. They had all the zeal and all the passion and all the faith. But it needed something to channel it. It needed something to inspire it. Truly inspire it. Something that would take it and make it work. Amen. And they needed to get to a place where their security, their assurance was not that I have done well or that I am good or that I follow Jesus, but that there is something on the inside that says I am his and he is mine. That's what they needed. And they never had it. They never had it. For all the signs and wonders, for all the three and a half years of walking around with Jesus and all his assurance and his calling and election, they still were not secure on the inside. But to get there, we've got to lay everything down that we have to that point. Everything. Everything has to be laid down. Amen. We've got to take it, as I said, and lay it down before God. Empty out completely so that he can fill us, so that he can make us. so that he can mold us, so that he can turn us into his image rather than the images of our moms and dads and our grandfathers and our grandmothers and these things. Amen. We've got to be able to come and say, "Lord, I am clay. Mold me. Break me down. Put me into the way that you want me to be." It's the only way. Paul said it this way. He says, "But what things were gained to me? Those I counted loss for Christ." Another translation reads, "At one time all those things were important to me, but because of Christ, I decided that they are worth nothing." He says, "Yeah, doubtless and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung that I may win Christ." That same translation says, "Yes, now I know that Christ Jesus as my Lord, that is the most valuable thing. Nothing else is important at all. I have thrown everything else away so that I can serve Christ. All those other things are like dirt to me. I think about them like that so I can have Christ. He says, "And be found in him, not having my own righteousness." What? My own thoughts, my own works, my own opinions, my own religion, my own service, all these things that is gone. He says, "Which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith." He says, "That I may know him in one type of power, the power of his resurrection." He says, "Which is or the fellowship of his sufferings be made conformable unto his death." Now, notice the power of his resurrection. There's two things we've got to look at there. We've got the power of the new birth, and then we've got the power of a resurrection and a rapture. Because the new birth is I have died and I've been born again. That's the power of resurrection. But that's just what it's the evidence of what's coming later. A full resurrection, a full rapture, a full change. So, we've got to know that he's alive. And Christ says to the disciples, "Go and wait until you get resurrection power." That's absolute power. That's power over death, hell, and the grave. The greatest battles, the greatest enemy that we have is death, hell, and the grave. And he says, "You got to go get power over that." And that'll give you power over everything else in your way, including yourselves. That would be power that would make them fit, ready, able to do what God wanted them to do. But they didn't have it. Amen. That power would make them effective preachers. They weren't effective preachers. They could heal. They could cast out demons. They could raise the dead, but they couldn't save souls. This is what it would take to make them uh effective preachers to overcome their personal issues. Amen. Peter has this great promise in his life. Remember Jesus said, "Peter, I'm going to give you the keys to the kingdom. And whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth, I'll loose in heaven." Church, that's pretty absolute. That's absolute power. Jesus is saying, "Whatever you say, Peter, I'll do it." It doesn't get much more absolute than that. I can't think of anything else. Whatever you say will happen, Peter. That's what he said to Peter. But what's the weakness here? The weakness is Peter. Mr. In and out, Mr. Up and down. One minute he's got revelation from God and the next he's channeling Satan. You put absolute power into that vessel, church, and what will it do? Destroy. It's the only thing it will do. It will destroy Peter. It'll destroy the people around him. Cuz Peter's got a pretty high opinion of himself. Peter's still got some pride. He's still got some arrogance. Lord, I'll never leave you. Lord, I would never do that. Lord, I'll never deny you. And then what's he doing? Denying Christ three times and then he runs away. Hides in the room and disbelieves the story of his resurrection. That's not going to get him anywhere. You pour absolute power into Peter at this point and it will selfdestruct and it'll destroy everyone else around him. It'll destroy everyone else around him. Amen. God needs people that are humble, unassuming, yielded, resting and waiting. That's what God needs for absolute power to flow through them. People that are surrendered to him. You know, there's a saying we've heard, absolute power corrupts absolutely. And it's absolutely true. You see this today. How many leaders do you see that start out and they're often good people, good intentions, but the higher they go up the power ladder, the worse and the worse they get because our nature is destructive. It's selfish. It's egocentric. And so what do we do? We start to take that power and use it for self to the detriment of everyone else around us. Amen. If Peter was given absolutely, even with his good intentions, he'd be a destructive force in the church of the living God. He'd destroy everything. So, he went up in the upper room, church. Here's the thing, children of God, they'll always come to the word. Peter, for all his flaws, he went up and he waited and he waited and he waited and he waited with 119 other people. Amen. Why? He believed it would happen. He took Jesus at his word. He made Jesus word an absolute. and he says, "I'm going to do exactly what you say cuz I need what you're talking about." Sometimes that's our problem, church. We don't realize we need it. We don't realize we need it. We're so busy saying, "I'm a message believer. I'm a born again Christian. I've got the Holy Ghost." And we don't realize we've got to grow every single day. Every single week. Amen. And so, he went up with 119 others and they said, "We're going to obey the word and we're going to wait until we get exactly what he talks about." They didn't leave Jerusalem. They didn't try and preach. They didn't start a new church. They didn't do anything. They went up and they waited. Now remember church, they didn't have computers, phones, movies, TVs, or the internet. And for 10 days, they sat there and did nothing except dwell on the promise. If I were to challenge you to make it to next Wednesday's service without picking up a screen, how many of us would get there? I was talking to a guy at the gym yesterday, day before, and he says, "I've got friends that say, "Boy, I wish I could go to the gym and stay healthy, but I just don't have time." He said, "Everybody's got an hour. Everybody's got an hour. They just don't want to find it. They just don't want to find it." Amen. These things are distractions to us. Satan is a master of distraction. I'm not here to preach against tools this morning. But if we turn to it as a distraction time and time again, guess what? It's sucking up things that belong to God. Sucking up time that belongs to God. Amen. You say, "I don't have an hour for devotions." Pick up your phone and ask your phone how much time you've spent on it every day. I've told you, Brother Joe and I, we share this on a weekly basis. I'm winning, by the way. He uses his for work. I use it not for work. So maybe he's winning. Brother Joe, do you mind me telling what we used to spend? We'll be interactive this morning. How long do you think how much time do you think your pastor spent on his phone a year ago? Just hold up your hands for a number of hours per day. My daughter says five. She says four. My wife says four. Paul says seven. The fours have it four hours a day. Okay? Four hours a day. Bathroom breaks could often take a half hour purely on the basis of the phone, not what was happening in there. You see what I talk about? You laugh, but we ask where did our time go? I'm not sure why I'm going here. We're just going to go with it. Okay? Where did my time go? I stay up too late. I wake up late. And where did my time go? Distractions. I'm down to an hour now. You can do it if I can do it. Okay. But I have and I've shared this before on my on my phone. It says, "Do you need to be on your phone?" That's my home screen to remind me. Now it's become almost second nature. I don't really pick it up very much, but for a while that was there to remind me, why are you picking up your phone? or for what reason? Is it for good or is it for entertainment? Waste time, bored, whatever that might be. Church, they went up and they spent 10 days without entertainment, without going for a jog, without walking through the city. They got everything they needed and they said, "We're not moving until we get the promise." Sometimes the problem is we won't lay everything down. And I mean everything down. Where we come and we say, "Lord, I'm only doing exactly what is necessary. And the rest of my time, I'm going to lay before you until I get your answer, not my answer." See, that's the problem, church. We go in and we say, "I'm going to fast and pray until he gives me what I want." No, you've got to go in and ask him for what he promised. Not just what I want because this little man is selfish if you didn't know. You got to go and you got to wait before him. Lay your phones down. Lay your laptops down. Lay your iPads down. Lay your work down. Guess what? The work will be there next week. Listen, you can get ahead in the corporate world without doing 60 hours a week. I'm living proof. I said I work 40 hours a week. That's it, guys. And if I can't do it in 40 hours a week, then nobody can do it. We don't have to work 60 hours a week. And then wonder why we're suffering in our relationships with our family, with God, no time for devotions, no time for prayer, no time for cover for the for the saints with prayer because we're too busy doing stuff. Amen. We're supposed to be serving the kingdom of God always, first foremost. That is our primary goal. Amen. Sometimes we just got to say, "God, I'm laying everything else aside until I hear from you. And I'm not going to move until I hear from you." Brother Bram says it this way. And when you get desperate about this thing, something will take place. You're not desperate enough. Oh, well, I join church. That settles it. He says, "But you have to be desperate about it. You have to really need God." Now, notice there, you've got to recognize your need is God and his answer, not just what you're asking for. I've said this before. People come up to for prayer sometimes, and my prayer is not what they ask me to pray about. It's because there's something else that needs to be dealt with first. Your answer will come after the situation is resolved the way God needs it to be resolved. Sometimes we've got to make a move. Sometimes we've got to turn. Sometimes we've got to stop. Sometimes we've got to start. Sometimes we've got to lay down. Sometimes we've got to pick up. God's got to give us direction in these things. He says, "You have to really need God." Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. But as long as you're satisfied with the things of this world, how can God ever speak to you?" You say, "God never spoke to me." He says, "Why? He wants to, but you're too filled up with the things of the world. Now, I'm not saying you're filled up in your life. I can say it can be filled up in your time. If it's filling your time, church, it's got to be filling something else, right? If I spend four hours doing something, I don't care how great a Christian I am, it's going to affect me because I'm spending four hours a day doing it. So, is it of of God or is it of this world? If it's not of God, church, there's only one other source, this world. And so if we are primarily serving this world, then what are you filled up with? This world. That's the only way it can work. You can't give 30 minutes a day to God and four hours a day to the world and expect God to win in your life. Amen. Is that clear enough? We've got to be able to lay those things down. Feed ourselves to strengthen ourselves in our walk with God. He says that's the matter with us today. We put all of our time on things of the world, the pleasures of the world, and give no time to God. It's true. So many times we're saying, "God, I need this. I need this. Will you give this to me? Lord, fill me up." And what's the problem, church? We're already full. We're already full. We've got everything full. Our schedule's full. Our life is cho full. Our energy's gone into other things. And we're saying, "Lord, I need more." And he's saying, "No, you need less so you can get more. You got to lay something down. You got to pour something out so he can pour something in. But we can't just load it on and load it on and load it on. It's not going to work that way. Amen. God's a gentleman. God's a gentleman. And he won't take something out that you're wanting to hold on to. Now, what he will do is let you get good and desperate by reaping what you've sown with that thing. But God won't just come in and rip it out. God will put you in a condition where you say, "Lord, I want you more than I want that." That's what happens. Amen. But many times we want to hold on to something, but what we don't want is the effect of holding on to something. Okay, I'm going to be a little pastoral this morning if it's okay. We're holding on to something and we say, "Lord, what we really we say, Lord, take it away." But what we want to take away is the effect rather than what we're doing because we love what we're doing so much. Listen, we may not call a lot of these things besetting sins. They may be addictions. They may be habits, preferences, things we like to do. Listen, this world has made a habit of self-love and that can bleed right into the Christian walk where you're doing what makes you feel good rather than what makes you good. There's a big gap between those. Amen. So, what do we do? We want to sanctify our bad habits. We want to sanctify our addictions. We want to sanctify our guilty pleasures. I'm not getting any nods. We do. We do. Amen. We say God make it better but not God take it away cuz what we like doing it too much but we know that we ought not to have it. So we say Lord what do we do? Lord give me balance. Church sometimes balance is get rid of it. Listen, when you look at what God said, remember what he'd say. And he'd say, "Come down. Sanctify your lives." What did he do? He said, "Clean out your houses. Clean out your lives. Don't store it in the garage and then bring it back after the sanctification period. Get rid of it. Move on so that he can put something better in your life." Amen. Sometimes it just means balance means we got to get rid of it. lay it down once and for all. Let the fire of God destroy it in our lives. Make some room from God in our lives. But we got to come to a place where we say, "Lord, all I want is you." That's what I need more than anything. That's what I need more than anything. He says, "When you come to God, you don't just come on a flowery bed of ease. You have to make a sacrifice. It's a sacrificial way." Church, we're preaching on absolute power this morning. Okay? Don't forget that. It's he says you have to make a sacrifice. It's a sacrificial way. It's a way of death. You have to die out to come to him. You have to forget all you ever knew in order to learn of him. He says empty out that he can fill us. He says you don't you don't mix it now. You can't take what was and what will be. You can't take you and God and mix it. It doesn't work. It's an absolute. It cannot be mixed. Otherwise, it's polluted. He says, "You can't don't mix it now. You have to empty out. You have to let it go. You have to lay it down. You have to be able to walk away." What's the point I'm trying to make, church? We're preaching on absolute power. And we say, "Lord, I want absolute power, church. What we're seeing here is you don't have absolute power. Absolute power has to have you." That's what we're talking about. I don't get absolute power. But whether I do, I lay myself down so that absolute power can pick me up and work through me. That's what absolute power is. Is a total surrender and dying out. So that the absolute can come into you and work through your life. And we won't get there to this service, but where you speak and it's him speaking, not you. You move and it's him moving, not you. It is Christ in you working. Absolutely. See, it's Christ has you. You're in his hands, not him in your hands. Amen. It's the only way it can work with an absolute. Remember what Jesus said. He says, "If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you." Notice where the emphasis is. He says, "If you abide in me, I am the primary. I'm the ultimate. I am the preeminence." Amen. Our identity is lost in his identity. We may preach on this someday. The power of a name. When you take on a name, when Blanca became Blanca Curlet, she took on my identity. She took on my name. She took on my authority. She took on my finances. She took on my confidence. She took on my love. Everything. That's what she bought into. And when we are abiding in Christ, we take everything that is his. And what do we do? We walk away from everything that was ours. That's the only way it's going to work. Amen. Paul would say it this way. He says, "For ye are dead." Ye are dead and your life is hid with Christ in God. Amen. So when we're coming to this place of the new birth of absolute power coming in, there's nothing of me left to control it. There's nothing of me trying to force things a certain way. Church, I have a bit of a controlling nature. I like things a certain way. And guess what? I have to lay that down that Christ can work through me. I can be very particular, can't I? I can. I like things done a certain way, but I have to lay that down that Christ can work through me. He says, "Your life is hid with Christ." What is it? We've been clothed upon. We've been endued with power from on high. It's Christ. It's his own spirit. It's his own life. Coming back to John 15, he says, "If you abide in me, okay, I accepted Jesus as my savior, but he says, "And my words abide in you." You'll ask what you will and it shall be done. How do you know you've died out? The word of God has preeminence. Now, it's what he thinks, not what you think. The word of God is his will. It's his thoughts. It's his plan. And when you're living by that, that's how you know you've died out. Because it will be extremely hard on this flesh. And you know you've died out when you crucify that flesh daily. How? By the word of God. Amen. This is a total transformation. Body, soul, and spirit. Everything now coming under subjection to Christ the word. Amen. Jesus said, "Then and only then you'll ask what you will and it'll be done unto you." That's the only way. You have to abide in Christ. His word has to abide in you. And then what happens? You're dead. you're dead. And so now it's not my desire that comes out. It's his will that comes out. It's his word that comes out. It's his thought that comes out. It's his action that comes out. It's his reaction that comes out. So I'm not asking for me. I'm asking for him. Remember what John said. He said, "If you if we ask according to his will, we know that he hear us. And we know that if he hears us, we'll receive we'll receive the petitions that we ask of him." See, it's according to his will that we have absolute power. That's where it is. It's in his will, not in our will. It's in his thoughts, not in our thoughts. And in his way, not in our way. We look up in the upper room and they come down. They went up and they're crammed up in there. It's hot. It's sweaty. They've got religious ideas. They've got all sorts of things that were going on up there. They went up. Unregenerated believers. Children of God, yes. believers, yes. Weak in faith, prone to mistakes, prone to religion, prone to self-will, prone to pride, prone to arrogance, prone to doing things that made them feel good. And then what happens? Absolute power comes in. A dying out happens over those 10 days. And when they come down, church, are they doing what they would have done before? Nope. Peter went from fearful to courageous. Peter went from just signs and wonders to an inspired preacher. They come down church and they're speaking other languages to other people for the purpose of testimony. They went up fearful and they came down and they couldn't shut up if they tried. That's how how much they were under absolute power. Peter comes down and preaches the sermon of his life and 3,000 souls are saved like that. 3,000 people filled with the spirit in a moment, church. Why? He's a man under authority now. He's a man with absolute power. It's not that he has it. It's that it's in him. It's working through him. Amen. There's a new sheriff in town. Peter went up with Peter in control. He came down with Almighty God in control. That's what absolute power looks like this this morning. Amen. So now Peter's will doesn't come in. Peter's desires doesn't come in. Peter's preferences don't come in. And Peter has lost his need to live because he's died. He's been born again through Christ. It's easy to look at Peter and these other leaders and say, "Well, they're different." No, we're all different. We're they're not different. We're all the same. We're all born exactly the way. We all have the same bumps and warts and lumps and issues and faults and flaws and failures and peculiarities. We've all got to die out. We've all got to die out. Amen. We all have things that God needs to take care of. I love what Paul said in First Corinthians, Corinthian church, rough church, always needing correction, but that didn't mean they weren't children of God. I put this in the different version, and I hope you're okay with it. I know I preach out of the King James, but sometimes we've got newer people here and people that haven't been around a Bible all their life. So, I put this into easier to read just so we can see ourselves. He says, "Don't you know that wicked people won't inherit God's kingdom? Stop deceiving yourselves. People who continue to commit sexual sins, who worship false gods, those who commit adultery, homosexuals or thieves, those who are greedy or drunk, who use abusive language, who rob people, will not inherit God's kingdom." We say, "Yeah, that's everybody out there." And he says, "That's what some of you were. That's what some of you were. We don't really like to talk about it, but that's what some of us were." He says, "But, but is usually the devil's language, but here it's God's language. He says, "But you have been washed and made holy, and you have received God's approval in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the spirit of our God." Listen, we can look at these people and say, "Yeah, look how bad they are." Church, in God's eyes, Peter went up as bad as these people. There is no difference whether we're raised in a Christian home or whether we're raised as a drug addict on the streets with a drinking father and a horrible mother. It doesn't matter in God's eyes. We are all filthy. We all need to be cleaned. We all need to be born again. We all need to die out. And Jesus was saying to the disciples, you haven't died out yet. You haven't lost yourself that you could gain Christ yet. And until you do, you cannot be a witness. Amen. He says that to be this witness, it's going to take more power than you've ever had. Because the witness is now on is not for somebody else. The witness is now in you. They went and preached in an unregenerated condition. Now they come down and what are they proof of, church? They're a witness that the gospel works. They're a witness that the word is fulfilled in a believer. Everything that they've been looking forward to, Ezekiel 36, a new heart will I put in you, a new spirit, and then I'll place my spirit within you. Joel 2:28, I'll pour out my spirit upon my sons and my daughters and all these things. They had perhaps been preaching that for hundreds and thousands of years. Hundreds of years, for sure. Preaching it without any idea what it looks like. But he says, "You've got to be a witness of the fulfilled word before you can preach the fulfilled word." That's what it takes. So they went up unregenerated. They came down manifested word. They came down. Joel 2:28. If you wanted to know what Joel 228 meant, you just had to look at the 120. There it is. They said, "These people are drunk." He says, "No, it's the word being fulfilled." People look at our lives and they say they're crazy. We are crazy. The way that is heresy is the way that we believe. That's what Paul says. We're crazy, but it's the word being fulfilled. You say, "What do you do? Why you do this?" It's because there's something in me that says the word has to be fulfilled. I don't just believe the Bible. I am the Bible. That's the witness he's looking for is the word in flesh. Not just the word coming out of my mouth over a pulpit. church, that won't change you. But it's a word received and come to live in the soul of the inner man that'll make you live. That'll make this word come alive in your life. Amen. You've got to be a living proof that the gospel works. That's why when we go to people as ley, you don't have to go tell people about the godhead. You don't have to go preach that. Bring them to a preacher, he'll preach it. But what you can say is, "I know this gospel works." That's what your life can say from the youngest to the oldest. When you received Christ and were baptized into the body by the Holy Spirit, you have a testimony that this bo this gospel works, that Christ is alive and well. And if you don't have a particular testimony and someone else does, say, listen, I haven't experienced this yet, but so and so has. We haven't maybe all had a supernatural healing, but you say, "I know somebody that has." Oh, we may not have all had to experience a marriage that fell apart and was restored, but some of us have. Whatever it might be, we've got a testimony that the gospel works, that there is power in the word. And that's why we come to church. That's why we live the way we do. That's why we talk the way we do. It's why we dress the way we do. It's why we do the things we do. Because it's a living gospel inside of us. We see Peter come down. He's finally got courage. He's an inspired preacher. and he starts to do things he would never have done before. One, preach publicly after Christ died. Peter didn't want anybody to know he was associated with Christ. Now he comes down and he's going everywhere and preaching. He preaches in Jerusalem. Then the Holy Spirit comes down, says, "Peter, I'm going to send you away." He goes and he preaches to the Gentiles, having been taught all his life that it was filth to go into the home of a Gentile. He breaks down his religious barriers. Why? Because it's not Peter anymore. It's the new sheriff in town. It's Christ inside of him getting him to do what needs to be done. There's an absolute inside of Peter that overrides Peter. So he preaches to the Gentiles and what happens is God gives them the living gospel the same way he did Peter. Then he goes to the Samaritans. Now the Samaritans, if you look at history, had desecrated the temple over 100 years ago, I think or 75 years prior. Peter wasn't around for it, but he'd been taught to hate them because of the this back and forth that been going on for decades. And Peter goes down and he preaches to a people that he's supposed to hate and God gives him the Holy Ghost as well. What is it? Absolute power. It's not that Peter has it. It's that it has Peter. And now Peter is a man under authority. Amen. Now we see Peter. Peter once he comes down from that upper room church, he's lost the desire to lead. He's lost the desire to judge. He's lost the desire to control. He's lost every bit of self here and he's now subject to God. That's what happened when he came down there. He's a man under authority. He's a yielded vessel to the spirit of God. That's what absolute power is. Yielding, not wielding. It's not about me waving the sword. It's about him putting it in my hand. If he puts it in, he's got a reason for me to use it. Amen. Peter goes and he heals a man that was lame all of his life. Why? Not because he had power, because he was under power. He was under authority. God told him what to do. The spirit of God led him to do that. And he heals that lame man. Amen. Goes down. He preaches to all these different things. And then we see Peter come in and he speaks judgment on Ananas and Safh. and he calls out their lies and their hypocrisy and they die at his feet. Peter may have had supper and fellowship at their house the week before. We don't know. They were members of the church, but Peter's not in control. Do you think Peter wanted Ananas and Safire to die? No. But it's not Peter speaking. It's the Holy Spirit discerning the situation. And so he speaks as the spirit leads and they fall at his feet dead. Peter's under new management now. Peter's not the old Peter. Peter now has the keys to the kingdom. Amen. You think I I think Peter had lots of grandiose ideas about what it was going to be. You know, I have the keys to the kingdom. And what we find is when he finally gets them, he doesn't want to use them. God's got to get him to use the keys to the kingdom because he's fine with the Jews, but he doesn't want anything to do with the Gentiles. doesn't want anything to do with the Samaritans. It takes the spirit of God to lead him there and make him do something he didn't want to do. I find so many times that's the way God works is when he really gives us what we need, we realize it was a whole lot different than we thought it was going to be. You ever get into leadership, you ever get into ministry, you get into serving, you find out it's not all it was cracked up to be, but you can't help but do it because there's something inside you that's driving you. Amen. close with two quotes. Paul said, "When I am weak, then I am strong." He says, "Yes," he said, "I will glory in my infirmities and my weaknesses and so forth. I'm thanking God that I got all it out of me, and when I get everything out of me, then God can come in. But as long as I have some of myself there, then God can't get in." He says there, that's it. We smother him out. We drive him away from the poorest of us to the richest of us, from the least to the greatest. We keep God out of our lives because of our own selves. We say we want absolute power. What does it look like? It's not receiving as much as it is giving away, laying it down, and letting it go. He says that I've often said the greatest enemy I have is myself. He's the one that gets in God's way. He's the one that gets lazy. He's the one that gets to a place sometimes where he thinks he can do something about it. And when he does, that shoves God right out of the picture. Let me tell you, that is the absolute truth this morning. As a minister, as a pastor, so many times my natural inclination is to get in there and hit that nail while it's just starting to stick up a bit. But guess what? That's not always God's way. Sometimes that nail's got to come completely out to show what's going on underneath. Sometimes it's got to be quick and fast. Sometimes there's real danger. But sometimes God's working with his children and I've got to just take my hands off and say, "You're the great shepherd. I'm just one of your servants." But what do we do? We want to jump in. We think we see the reason. We think we see the way to get out of it. And we say, "I'm going to go do it." Sons of God are led. You'll see with absolute power is it is not you leading. It is you being led. It is you following, not you showing the way. It is you obeying, not giving the orders. See, absolute power, it's like ministry. You're on the bottom, not on the top. And it's Christ that's doing everything through you. He says, "But when I can get rid of that guy," church, this is a prophet of God saying, "When I can get rid of that guy, when I can get rid of that guy, when I can get to a place that he is out of the way, then God could come in and do things that I know nothing about." We are so limited in our knowledge, in our understanding, in our perception. And it takes the Holy Spirit to give us any hope of getting anything right. As people, we are so complex. Our relationships are complex. our humanity, our families, our marriages, everything is so complex. And we can look at people and we can put them in a box and we can say, "Well, this is their issue or that's their issue and here's what they need to do." Church, it takes God to go in and dig into those things. He says, "That's when God can use you. That's when he can use any of you." He's not just talking about prophets and five-fold ministry. He's saying this goes for every single one of us. He says he can use anybody when we get out of the way, but as long as we have ourselves in the way, then we cannot. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand. I'm leaving us on a cliffhanger cuz I've talked about how we get it, but we got to see how it works now. Because if we look through this lens of us wielding power, then we're going to get it wrong every time. But if we see it's us yielding to power, we'll get it right every time. Man takes a new birth, a new creation in Christ for this to do anything. And then I love how John said it. I must decrease so he must so he can increase. That's what absolute power looks like is getting me out of the way so that an absolute can come in and do the work. Amen. We have to die so we can live. We have to stop so he can start. We have to lay it down so he can pick us up. It's all got to be him from start to finish. Church, God's not looking for good people. God's looking for people that will die out. He'll make us good. He'll make us good. See, too often we're trying to come to God and say, "This is what I've got for you, God." Rather than saying, "God, here I am. Do with me what you want." He'll make us as good as he needs us to make us. He'll make us as gifted as he needs us to make to be all those things. That's what he does. Our purpose is to come in and say, "Lord, I'm here. Lord, I'm yielded. Lord, I'm ready. Lord, I surrender. Lord, I lay it all down." That's the key to absolute power. Humbling yourself before God and say, "Lord, everything I have, I'm going to lay it aside and let you pick it up and use me if you want, when you want, where you want, and how you want." Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads, Lord Jesus. Lord, certainly we know that the way up is to go down, Lord, that a life that can humble itself before your word, before your purpose, Lord, that can wait on you and for the promise of your word, Lord, that's a person you can use. And Lord, as we're coming to the close of another service, Lord, as we're coming soon to a close on this series on a Holy Ghost life, Lord, I pray we come out the other side with a greater Lord, not just a greater understanding, but a greater reality of what it means to live by the Holy Spirit. Lord, that we'd not just have a religion, Lord, a churchity, Lord, just a facade, Lord, but that we'd have an anchor of our soul, Lord. A firm foundation, something that keeps us through the trials and temptations of life, Lord. Something that gives us direction, that gives us an uncction, Lord, that shows us when to speak and when to be quiet, when to act and stand still, Lord. something that just holds us in assurance and faith and rest day in and day out. Lord, I don't want to do anything unless it's your will. Lord, I don't want to walk unless it's your way, your time, your season, Lord. And so, we look to you. We're trusting you, Lord, asking you to take a hold of our lives, Lord. Not just while we sit here and nod our heads at your word and say amen, Lord, but let our lives be an amen that says, "Be it unto me according to your word." Grant us grace, Lord, to die out daily, to surrender, Lord, to let go, to let go of these controlling natures that we have, Lord, and let you take full control in our lives. We pray, Lord. Let you be the absolute, Lord, for that's where the results come, Lord. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. More of you. More of you. 759. More of you. More of you. [Music] Well, I've had it all. [Music] What I need is more of you. Of things I've had my f, but yet I hung still. Oh, empty and b Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. I need more of you. More of you. Oh, I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. of things I had my faith. But yet I hung still. Oh empty and there Lord hear my prayer for more of you. Draw me close to you. 794. [Music] Draw me close to you. [Music] Never let me go. I lay it all down again. to hear you say that I'm your friend and you are my desire. No one else will do. Nothing else can take your grace to feel the warmth of your grace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. heart. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. So draw me close to you. Never let me go. I lay it all down again. to hear you say that I'm you are my desire and no one else will do nothing else can Take your place to feel the warmth of your grace. Help me find the way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. Breathe. You are the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. [Music] This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence indeed. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me. And I [Music] I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. And I I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me. And [Music] I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. And I [Music] I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. And I I'm desperate for you. And I I'm lost without you. Pour your spirit out on me. 12:21 [Music] sometimes the issue is we're not desperate, satisfied. It's okay to be satisfied. There are times of satisfaction and contentment. But when we've lost the hunger, Amen. Every day there ought to be a hunger, a draw, a pull. Sometimes when we lose that, that's when we really need to get desperate because we've lost the feeling of our need. We've gotten so used to being the way we are. Amen. That's when we need him to pour his spirit out and then find those dry and broken places. I remember the first time I went to Phoenix to visit my girlfriend, now wife, and it sucked every bit of moisture out of my life. Skin was flaking off. I looked like I was shedding. But I found an answer. Moisturizing lotion. I still had life in me, but there were cracks appearing. Amen. Being cold doesn't mean you're not a child of God. Being dry doesn't mean you're not a child of God, but it means you need a refreshing. Amen. We need a refreshing every single day, church. A refreshing in the power of the spirit in our life. That when we read his word, something says, "That's me. That's for me. That's mine. That's mine for today. That's mine for tomorrow. That's mine for this trial. That's mine for this situation." And then what we do? We wrap ourselves in that bomb of Gilead. We're endued with power for our situation, for our life, for what's going on. I want to encourage you this afternoon before we close. Wrap yourselves in the presence of Jesus Christ this morning. I trust there's something on the inside, but something we need a topical application to make us smile again, give us a happy face, a countenance that people want to be around. Amen. I don't want to look like I drank prune juice every day. Amen. I want to have the joy of the Lord. I want to be able to give a smile to people that go by that they know that I've got something that they can get to, something worth having. Amen. Let's sing this. If you're not, if you're in a good place, praise the Lord. Sing it for somebody else. Sing it for somebody else. You know, I I've always I've said this since I gave my heart to the Lord. Youth camps don't do much for me because the preaching they preach is not that's not applicable, but it's for them where they're at. But we've got to be there to set an atmosphere for those births. We need to set an atmosphere of refreshing. We need to show people what it looks like to be free in the Holy Spirit, to know what it's like to come in and enjoy not church, but enjoy Christ, the word to its fullness. Amen. So, don't hold back if you're satisfied. That's when we ought to give him worship, praise. But if you're dry this morning, say, "Lord, I need you. Lord, I'm seeking you. Lord, just fill in the cracks and the dryness. Make me pliable. Make me usable again. Make me resilient again. Make me useful to your kingdom again." Amen. Let's sing this if we would. So Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. So find my thirsty for your love. Lord forgive me if I wondered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places thirsting for your love. Lord forgive me if I wondered far away from you. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. God, just like the rain, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Mercy soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We're going to close in a word of prayer. We're going to sing that song, He is able, more than able. 7:21. Amen. Brother Bob, are you willing to come up and pray for us to close? Okay. After we sing this a couple times, we'll have you come up and close in prayer. Amen. He's able. He's able. And He is aable. More than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than a to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. He is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a. He can handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable, more than a. He's going to make me what he wants me to be. It's truly a privilege to to be here with God's chosen elected bride. I bring greetings from those that have been here before, the folks and the Walsh Lakers. And I just want to bless you. I just thank the Lord that he has raised up a people like you. It's wonderful that we can come from across the continent and feel right at home knowing Lord has done the same work in your lives as he's done in ours. God bless you. And Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the awesome privilege of allowing us to come into your presence, to gather in your precious name, to worship you, to be corrected by you, to be taught by you, to be indwelt by you. To live your word, we love you so very, very much. And we just want to lift up thanksgiving unto you for everything that you've done for us. You're so special, precious, and perfect in every way. Lord, I just ask that you would pour down blessings upon this little assembly. Lord, draw them into your bosom, Father, into your word. Make them so like you, Lord, that everywhere that they go, people know that it's you. Lord, I thank you, Lord, for Brother Jonathan and Sister Blanca and the family and their great hospitality. Lord, just bless them and keep them. And upon this assembly, Lord, make your face to shine and be gracious unto them. Lift up your countenance upon them, Father, and give them your peace in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Glory. I will answer in me. I will me. You have called me having [Music] will Oh, you have called me out. We all have I will you have me. [Music] Take me home. [Music] God Almighty. Prince of God with the praise. Amen. situation. Take no strings. And I come into his presence and all my precious become in the great God might bring the king of all men in the Praise God. Lord, a place for us to live. A place to find the answer in the hour of his now and deliver for you to give up in Circle and praise his name. He was glory God mighty. shall I the I might in the hour of his However, we pray and give us the way God might and I pray. [Music]
