################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-26 - 20250625 - The Token Life Pt 62 - Absolute Power Pt 5 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-26
Title:    20250625 - The Token Life Pt 62 - Absolute Power Pt 5 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NM0tPXdwSQ
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bqEd8I9ohc6HRkqEbp_Das2Wq-jABDKR/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Down. [Music] Thank you. stay on me. Let's stand. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me faithfully. And I give you per peace, sweetie. If you'll just keep your mind safe on me, man of us. Keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me faithfully. And I will give you perfect [Music] peace. Sweet release. Thank you Lord. Amen. Your mind stayed on me. Oh, keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me, faithfully. And I will give you perfect peace. Sweet relief if you'll just keep your mind stayed on me. One more time. Help us. and keep your mind stay on me. Stay on me. faithfully [Music] and I will give you perfect peace. Sweet relief if you'll just keep your mind stay on me. Sing number 15. The spirit of the living God. Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me. Spirit of the living God fall fresh on me and break me, melt me, mold me, feel me spit. Spirit of the living God fall fresh on me. Grant it Lord and spirit of the living God fall fresh on me. Spirit of the living God fall fresh on me. Break me. Mel me. Mold me. Fill me. Spirit of the livinging God. Fall fresh on me. Oh spirit of the living God for freshes on me. Spirit of the livinging God fall fresh on me. Break me, Mel. More me, fill me. Spirit of the living God, fall fresh on me. Amen. Granite, excuse me. Just want to welcome everybody here this evening. Got some uh prayer requests here again. Uh keeping in prayer our brother Dale. Grace to him and uh sister Brenda. Pray for the Grants uh as they uh continue to prepare to move and and uh all the the change that comes with that. We pray grace to them. Uh also uh Brother David, I believe it was your nephew that was mentioned uh before. I just want to continue to keep him in prayer. Sister Cordella, um, brother Nelson Guy, the Collins not here tonight and others that are missing. Just pray grace to them. Let's sing um 10:27 Bula land as uh, Brother Bob, if you can open prayer. I'm kind of home. Sick for a country to which I love the be. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken my for time won't matter anymore glory and beautiful land. [Music] I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal. You land sweep the land. My glory. I'm looking now. across the river. I'm to where my pain shall end inside. There's just a few my glory. more days to labor and then I'll take my heavenly flag and the land I'm longing for you. [Music] It's someday only I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal. Beautiful land. Sweet land. I'm kind of home safe for a country. Amen. To which I never been before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken for time won't matter any more glory thank you Lord and build the I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll stand. There my hope [Music] shall be eternal [Music] land sweet land [Music] and beautiful land. I'm longing for you. And someday [Laughter] on thee I'll stand there. My home [Applause] shall be eternal. [Music] Be beautiful. Heavenly Father, as we bow in your presence tonight and we sing that song, Lord, and we think of the world and the condition that it's in, Lord, it just creates a greater longing, Lord, to be in that bullet land with you. Father, we pray, Lord, that you'd help us never lose sight of the fact, Lord, that you've called us, Lord, to to go through this world for our trials, our testing, and that, but by grace, Lord, we know that through the prophet's message, Father, that we have representation before the throne of God. And Lord, very soon, Lord, we'll be in your presence, Father, to be with you forever. So, we pray, Father, that you would just be with us tonight, Lord. Father, may your presence, Lord, be here. You be the most welcome guest, Lord, in this building tonight. Father, that you would reach down, Lord, and touch each and every one, Father. For there are many needs, Lord, upon the hearts of your people, both the spoken ones and the unspoken ones, Lord. And we just pray that you would draw near to each and every one of us, Father. Lift us up, Lord, because, Father, the enemy is around about, Lord, just trying to destroy us, Father, trying to create confusion, Lord, and keep our minds off you. But Father, we pray that you'd help us, Lord, to focus upon your word, Father, to have our thoughts always on you, Lord. Father, knowing, Lord, that there's a heaven to gain and there's a hell to shine. So be with us, Lord, we pray. Forgive us of our sins and mistakes, Lord. We just pray, Father, that you'll bless Brother John as we lift him up, Father, and Lord, he'd be able to put himself aside tonight, Lord, and allow you, Father, to speak to us, Lord, through him. So, Father, help them we pray, Lord. And Father, increase our faith, Lord, through the revelation of your word tonight. May the spirit of the living God, Lord, just move upon each one, Father. And Lord, our thoughts, Lord, and the things, Lord, that so easily beset us will be just pushed aside, Lord, that you might have the preeminence, Lord, that you'd touch the musicians, Lord, and the song leader, Father. May each one, Father, just be able to do their part to create the atmosphere, Lord, where you'd be pleased to dwell in. And father, not only them but us in the congregation, Lord, help us, Father, to call upon you, Lord. Father, just to come in, Lord, and Father, by grace reveal your word to us, we pray. So bless us, Lord, as we commit to service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Sing number 241. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Time is filled with swiss transition. Not of earth on moon can stand. Build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. hand. Man, hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Be your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Trust in him who will not leave you. hearts whatsoever years may bring. If by earthly friends forsake still more closely to him cling all to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hands. Bear your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Music] of it not this world's main riches that so rapidly decay seek to gain the heavenly treasures they will never pass away my hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hands. Bear your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. When your journey is completed, if you God you have been true there and bright the home in glory. All in raptured so will human. All to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Bear your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. and trust in him who will not leave you. Thank you, Lord. Whatsoever years may bring him if my earthly friends forsake more closely to him cling. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Applause] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Bear your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Let's sing uh 1067. All I want to see is Jesus. Lord, I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayer said on my knees will lay before the holy consuming thy is all I want to see is Jesus man is all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought gain will lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame lay before the holy glory. Glory. Oh, all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Lord, I know the time is near. When everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. And all my works and all my deeds and every prayer set on my knees will lay before the holy man. and help us Lord in fire. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus. Cuz all I want to see is him in me. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus shineing through me and hear him say, "Well done. I pre just one man. Well done. Well done, my faithful one. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus, man. All I want to see is him in man. Granted, Lord, all I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. hurt and selfinflicted pain. Everything that I thought gain laid before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name. And healing hands to touch the lame will lay before the holy consuming fire. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus man. And all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. I hear him say, "Well done." I pray just one. Well done. Well done. My faith for one. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus. My name is all I want to see is him in me. And all I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Amen. Sing A41. I know the master of the wind. [Music] My boat of life sails on the troubled sea. Whenever there's a wing in myself, but I have a friend who's watching over me when the breeze turns in to give. Thank you, Lord. I know the master of the wind. I know. Thank you, Lord. Cuz he can calm the storms, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soul like an eagle to the heights. Among the peaks my soul can't be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. They bring me low, but it'll never bring me down. And my glory. Thank you, Lord. I know the master of the wind [Music] and I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storms, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sing it again. I know the master of the wings. I know the maker of Thank you, Lord. Make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Cuz I know the master of the wings. I know the maker of Stand together. He can calm the storm, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, you're a shelter in a time of storm. You're the anchor that holds us. Lord, you're all that we need. provider, savior, defender, deliverer, lead and guide. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're resting in you. We're anchored in your word tonight. Lord, we're just thankful to come in once again into your presence. Lord, we're thankful, Lord, to know that you're alive and well, that you're working in our lives, Lord. That you love us enough to correct us, to guide us, to shape us, to change us, to mold us day by day, heavenly father, Lord. And all you're doing is asking us to believe it, to yield to it, Lord, to obey it, Lord. And if we can do that, Lord, we'll see the wonderful works that you promised in our lives, each one. So Lord, I pray you just minister again tonight to your bride that's gathered here, Lord. Those that are listening online, Lord, wherever it may be, Lord, may your word find a fertile bed of faith, Lord, to just take this word and apply it to our lives. We pray. Lord, bless your people now. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Romans chapter 8 tonight. Romans chapter 8. Just read one verse, the 14th. And God bless you. Good to see each one that's here tonight. Remember, brother Chad and the families are away in Ontario. And Sister Beverly Gail texted me before service and she said, "Please pray for her and brother Doug as they travel to Ottawa tomorrow. They're going to come back July 6th. They're going to visit family and going up for Noah's birthday and whatnot." So, we want to remember them as well in prayer as they do that. Amen. Beautiful day. Wonderful to see the summer weather is hitting us and just being able to enjoy it. I was in the house most of the day. unfortunately, but went out to grill some chicken and was just enjoying the warmth. And if the wind's out of the south, I'm okay with it usually, you know, and it was a it was a beautiful day. So, I'm thankful for that. And it's good to see the seasons change in our favor. For sure. Romans 8:14, very familiar scripture. We've read it so many times in this series, I think, but I want to read it one more time. He says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. And we're continuing our series on the token life, the life of a believer that's filled with the spirit. And we're taking yet another uh day, another service on absolute power. And I hope we're starting to see what absolute power looks like. Amen. I love the clarity of scripture when we can take all of it. It gives us the big picture. It gives us the full thing. But rather than cherrypicking what sounds good, I find that too often what happens is we cherrypick and we we pick the thing that we like that's going to work well in our situation and we say, "That's for me." But we've got to take the whole word and and otherwise it just loses its power if we take and pick and choose because what happens is we take one scripture, we take one quote and we interpret it a certain way and then we take and we apply it in our life and we don't get the results we think we should. And so then our faith starts to to waver and we say, "Well, I guess that's it." Phone's down there. All good. Amen. We get to a place and we apply it and we say, "Well, that's it. This should take care of it." And then what happens is we don't get the results we're looking for. And then what happens? Our waist, our faith starts to waver and we say, "Well, I guess I maybe don't have what I thought or I guess that wasn't the Lord's leading." Or maybe you go to the extreme and say, "Well, I guess I'm not even a believer because other people seem to get results and when I do it, it doesn't seem like I get the results." Amen. But the thing is that we interpreted the scripture rather than taking the full word and letting it interpret itself. Because we find that the scripture interprets itself. It reinforces itself. The the the Bible is not one verse. It's many verses. It's 66 books, thousands and thousands of verses. And what do they do? They reinforce each other. They set a pattern. They set the way of God's thinking. They show the way that God works. And they interpret themselves. The word of God interprets itself. If you'll read all of it, it'll give you the balance in every scripture. If you read all of it, I say we need to know our Bibles probably more than we know it sometimes. Amen. But what happens is we take it and if we read one scripture and we're looking for a certain thing, we'll take that one scripture and we'll bend it to our will. We'll bend it to our desires. We'll bend it to our way of thinking. We'll bend it to what's going to work best for this flesh or whatever the situation is. And we forget that God interprets his word by bringing it to pass, not just by how we take it. Amen. We've got to give God's opportunity. And I want to just take an example in that this morning or this evening because we're going to go into what it means to to to take the word and use it and and and fulfill it in these different things. And I want to settle us on a on a foundation because I don't want us to get, you know, we we fail at times. I don't know if you know this, but we fail at times. We fail. I'm getting a couple nods. I appreciate that. I'm not the only failure here, but we fail at times. And I find we fail because we we we step out. We step out. And it's not that we're stepping out without faith, but we're stepping out without a revelation of what God really wants in a situation. And it leads us down a path of of failure too many times. Now, I'm going to take a scripture and a quote, and this is a very familiar scripture. Jesus said, answered and said unto them, verily I say unto you, if you have faith and doubt not, you shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also remember he said to the fig tree, cursed it and said, let no man eat your fruit anymore. They came back the in the next day or two or three and it was already dried up dead. He says, "But also if you shall say to this mountain, be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea, it shall be done." And the church said, "Amen." Is that the word of God? That's the word of God. Do we believe it this evening? I believe it. Me and Brother Bob believe it. He raised his hand. God bless you, Brother Bob. That's it. We believe it. Now, listen to what Brother Brandham says. He says, "Now Jesus said, whatsoever things you desire when you pray and believe, you receive them, and it shall be given unto you." Is that right? Verily, verily, I say unto you, if you say to the mountain in your heart, be plucked up, cast away, or removed, and doubted not. He says, "But now watch, but believing that those things that you say shall come to pass, you'll have it." See, whatsoever he saith, see, whatsoever you confess, can we say amen? Do we believe it? Is that the word to us in this age? It is, isn't it? But we all just said amen. But what does that scripture really mean? Is anything that's been said here wrong? It's not. I I'll clue you in. It's not. It's the word of God. Nothing I've said here is wrong. Amen. But we can take that scripture and say, "See, that's the spoken word. I'm going to have that one day." And what will we do? will walk around trying to produce the spoken word because that's the bride authority, isn't it? Spoken word. We believe that. I believe that. I don't know if you believe that. I believe it. The prophet clearly taught it. Amen. But what happens now is that this is going to happen. And it has happened. I'll tell you that it has happened in our lives. It has happened in some of our lives. We have a testimony of speaking and things happen. But I'll tell you, if all you read was that quote and that scripture, then it will not happen the way you think it will happen. Absolutely not. It won't. Amen. Because what was said there is not the full picture. It's not the full picture of what the scripture said and it's not the full picture of what the prophet said about that scripture when he came to turn our hearts back to the original faith. It's not wrong, but it's not complete. Catch the difference. You can have something that is right, but if it's incomplete, it's not the full truth. And so, you miss out on it. Amen. Remember, the Bible is a body of work. It's not just one scripture here and one scripture there. Remember how they did it in Moses' day and Jesus reinforces. It says, "One witness shall not rise up against the man for any iniquity or for any sin or in any sin that he sinnth. At the mouth of two witnesses or at the mouth of three witness witnesses shall the matter be establishes established." So the word of God is meant to layer on itself. It's meant to provide a complete picture in its whole rather than in an isolated incident. The prophet of God taught us, he says, "If it can't go through from Genesis to Revelation, leave it alone. Go back and restart." I've I've said this before over the pulpit. I actually discussed this at brother Bob and Sister Joe's house with brother Steven. And he was talking about this and he said, "Brother John," he says, "you'll know this." He says, "As a minister," he says, "We'll get to studying and we'll get this wonderful thought and we'll carry it and we'll carry it and we're studying and it's coming down and we're just rejoicing it." He says, "And then we hit a scripture that turns it on its head." He says, "And what do we have to do? We can either press forward in our thought or we can say the word of God is right. I was not anointed by the right thing." Doesn't mean we were wrong. See, sometimes God will test us and he'll let us go a certain way and then when we come up against the word, see if we'll insist on the blessing of our thought or if we'll turn it aside. You can be carried away, church, by your own enthusiasm, your own zeal many, many times. So, we got to take the full picture and if it won't go from Genesis to Revelation, we've got to set it aside. We have to set it aside completely. Amen. So, we read that one scripture where Jesus said, "If you believe something, if you have faith in what you're saying, it'll happen and you'll receive it." So, if that scripture literally means it the way it says it, that you could say something that you want, believe it in your heart, and you would get it, then we'd all be millionaires. Because I think most of us would desire to be a millionaire, generally in and of ourselves. I'd rather have lots of money than little money myself. That's the nature. That's the flesh. Amen. We'd rather have all those things. Amen. If the scripture meant what I just said, then the prosperity gospel would be true. Because if you could have anything you asked, then you would get everything that you wanted. But I don't know if you know this, but the prosperity gospel isn't true because it's all about lifestyle. It's all about ease. It's all about luxury. It's all about self. It's all about image. It's about all of those things. And I don't know if you know this either, but the gospel of Jesus Christ is not about self. It's not about ease. It's not about pleasure. It's about the opposite. In fact, it's about the dying out of this flesh. So the the the prosperity gospel can't be true. Therefore, the interpretation of that scripture can't be true either. It is not just a you get anything you want if you say it and believe it. That's the manifestation doctrine that they're preaching under prosperity gospels. And it is completely antichrist. Completely antichrist. Okay? But we have to preach the full word to get the balance so we know how to apply the word. Now, I'm not going to take all the scriptures that apply to what we just read, but I'm going to take one that gives us the clarity we need, and it's in First John. And he says, "And this is the confidence that we have in him. If we ask anything," okay, we're right where Jesus said. But watch this now. He says, "If we ask anything according to his will, he heareth us." Now, that word heareth is a special word. It means he will give us an audience. He will allow us into his presence to express our request. So in other words, remember in the old days in the when you were coming into the presence of a king, they would have a chamberlain there or somebody to talk to you first and they would take your request to the king and if the king wanted to give you that or hear more then he would say allow them in. In other words, the way to get into the presence of God and have your prayer heard is to come in according to his will, not your own. Okay? The key here is not ask what you will. The key is ask according to his will. That's the key. He says, "And and if we know that he hear us," in other words, if we know that he's grant if he grants us to come into his presence, he says, "Then whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him." Now, the picture starts to become more clear. This is why the prosperity gospel doesn't work because in the prosperity gospel, it's all about me. But when we come into the true gospel, it's all about him. It's all about the word. It's all about the purpose and plan of God. And so when we come into his presence and we're seeking his will, that's when we get an audience. That's the key to this whole thing. Amen. So let me say it this way. We need to know God's will. That's the key to absolute power is to find God's will and make finding his will the greatest preeminence in your life. Whether it's for a career, whether it's for spouse, whether it's how you spend your money, whether it's where you live, whether it's the church you attend, the minister you support, what you do with your business, where you go with your business, how you spend your time, all of these things are supposed to come subject to the will of God. Amen. And his word is his will, the prophet of God told us. And so, we can I've said this before, but it does bear repeating. So many times people are saying, "I'm going to pray about it rather than going to their Bible and reading about it." Because what happens, church, is when we read it here, it is an absolute. I don't get to duck it because it's here. But if I cannot read it here and go and pray, then I can find just about any will I want by prayer. Because I can go and seek my will and find permissive will or find demonic will, but because my heart is set on it, I can't find God's will. But if we would go to the word and we see it as an absolute, it takes away all excuses and we know for a fact what his will is and then we don't have to pray about it because he's clearly told us. I believe that 99% of what we're praying about could be answered by his word if we'd spend more time there. Absolutely true. I find unfailingly that if I will give him time to answer by his word, he will. And then I don't have to wonder. Then I've got something sure to stand out on. I can step out on that because his word is there. Amen. You know, I've had people tell me, I feel led to do such and such, and it's 100% contrary to the word of God, and I know it. And to my shame, many times, I've just let it go. But a brother shared a quote today, and it was speaking of divine love. And brother Brandham says that divine love won't let you be quiet when you see your brother or your sister step out of line. He says it'll ball him out. Don't start with me, please. I had a brother come and correct me a couple weeks ago for the second time on the same thing. You know what that took, church? That took love and that took courage because you never know what you're going to get. especially when you go to a minister cuz sometimes we get up on our high horses and you never know if we're going to step up on it. But he came and he corrected me and he said afterwards he said I was nervous about what you were going to do. And I said listen I can't give it if I can't take it. If I'm in the house of correction I'm sitting under the correction of my own message and I can't preach something to you that I'm not willing to accept for myself. But Paul said what? Provoke one another to what? good works and love. And you can't provoke someone to good works unless you tell them in love what they're supposed to be doing if they're stepping out. Now, don't go ball somebody out. We don't need to ball somebody out. Burban was talking more about his own ministry and coming over the pulpit. And you know, they said, "You're always balling the people out." But his point was he was trying to get them back to the word, trying to get them to a sure foundation, trying to get them to a place where they'll get the results they really want rather than the permissive will of God, which never works out. It's not meant to. But we've got to have love for one another enough that we can tell each other, "Hey, I don't think you're quite right there. I don't think you've quite caught the picture of the word. I don't think you've caught the full balance of the word." We've got to be able to do that. But let me bring you a second quote now and this will set the whole thing in balance. Remember we're speaking on the token life. And look at the title of this of this message. It was what was the Holy Ghost given for him? And brother Bram says this. He says if you abide in me and my words in you ask what you will because you're asking his word and his word is life. He says speak it. If God said it and you're sure he said it, the Holy Ghost spares record that the word is right. in. And there you are, brother. Speak it. There it is. Say to this mountain, be moved. Don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you said will come to pass. He says, "It's not you that speaketh, but the father that dwelleth in you." He does the talking. It's not you talking to that mountain. It's the father in that's in you speaking to that m mountain. He says it has to move. All heavens and earth will pass away. He said, "But my word shall not pass away." Certainly, it cannot pass away. What's the full balance of this thought of asking anything and receiving it? The balance is that it's the Holy Spirit inside of you that's making the request. It's not you that's making the request. Now, we'll cover this in in in future services about the idea of petitions. Listen, we can go to God and ask for something. And then we've got to say he's going to say one of two one of three things. Yes, no, or wait. And that's petitions. But when we're looking to actually move to do something, that's where we have to find will, not just permission. We want to go where he wants us to go. We want to do what he wants us to do when he wants us to do it. And the way that he wants us to do these things. Amen. So, brother's point here, when you speak this way, when you come into the fullness of the scripture, he says it won't be you speaking. It'll be the God inside of you that's speaking because your desires and your wills will have long disappeared. And now it's Christ himself speaking through you. Amen. So, it's not a a a free card of get anything you want as a promise, but it's surrender your will to his and that's when you'll get everything you want because your will is lost in his. Now, amen. We take on this continued thought of absolute power because we spoke last service about the disciples and they dece they received the Holy Spirit. But remember church, the 120 was not just the disciples. The disciples were 11. There's 109 other people up there that got the Holy Ghost, too. And some of them came out. Amen. But remember, it wasn't so much that they got power. It was that the power got them. That there was a dying out. There's a surrender that happened out there. And that's when we started to see the works of Jesus Christ really revealed in their lives. Remember what Jesus said in John? He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto my father. And whatsoever you shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. And if you shall ask anything in my name, I will do it. Again, that sounds like an open-ended promise, but there's more to that than just saying, "God, give me a million dollars." And then walking away and believing you're going to get it. Amen. It's bound by the phrase, "What? The works that I do shall you do also." So, you're going to ask the way he asked. You're going to do the way he did. And when you do that, that's when whatever you ask in his name, you're going to get. It's bound by the pattern of Jesus life, not bound by what we think it should do or how it should work. Amen. The asking is tied to the works of Christ, not to the works or the lust of the flesh. Amen. So, the purpose of the Holy Ghost coming was to continue the works of Jesus Christ. In Romans 8, coming back there, it says, "For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he who Christ might be the firstborn among many brethren." In other words, Christ was the first of a line of people that were going to be just like him. That'll choke a mule, church, but that's where we're at tonight is that there is a lineup of Jesus Christ following behind Jesus Christ. There's many coming behind him that are going to be in his shape, in his form, in his image, with his works, with his power, with his authority because they're what? Under the exact same anointing and spirit. There's more than one Jesus Christ walking around this world, this world today because there's a body bride of Jesus Christ that's walking around. And the beautiful thing is is you're not all of it and I'm not all of it. But it takes all of us to produce that perfect image. But it's the same spirit working inside in each and every one of us. And what's our purpose? It says Jesus to reflect the father. To reflect the God that is above us. It's to show a living God here on earth to be his hands, his feet, his mouth, to be his effort down here. Amen. And that means we're built, we're designed, we're predestinated to do it, church, that that don't let that put pressure on you. Let that put confidence in you this evening that you have been predestinated to be Jesus Christ to this dying world. Why? He promised that he's got a people prepared to reflect him through his word and his spirit today. That's who you are. That's a wonderful thing. Listen, my my initials naturally are JC, but I've got eternal initials that reflect JC as well. And so do you. VS turns into JC by the Holy Ghost. Christ in you, the hope of glory. The mystery that's been hidden through all this time. Amen. Another expression of God. That's what you and I are. It's wonderful, church. I think sometimes we need to stop and dwell on what it means to be a son and a daughter of God. To wake up every morning and say, "Satan, I'm a child of God." And start going and thanking God, saying, "Lord, I thank you for your call. I thank you for your predestination. I thank you for your sanctification. I thank you for your justification. I thank you for the power of the Holy Ghost to put my feet on the floor and overcome today and sit down at the end of the day, lay my head on my pillow and say, "It's been good to be a son or a daughter of God." Sometimes we need to remind ourselves who we are. We walk a little differently. We talk a little differently. Our attitude will be different. Why? Because it's Christ in us, the hope of glory revealing himself day by day. We shake ourselves. We need to realize the day and the hour that we're living in. That is Christ trying to reveal himself to us. We're not just walking through life, but we're walking through a drama of the word. And it's him being revealed day by day in every situation if we can only let him do it. If we can only let him do it. What were the works of Christ? Jesus said, "Then answered Jesus, and said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you. The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do. For what things soever he does, those also the Son doeth also." Verse 30 says, "I can of my own self do nothing. The perfect man said, I can't do anything without him." He says, "As I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just because I seek not my own will, but the will of the Father which sent me." In John 6, he would say, "For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me." When Jesus came down in the flesh, what did he do? He healed. He cleansed. He delivered. He rebuked. He corrected. He adjusted. He called. He cast out. He taught. He preached. He raised the dead. He spoke damnation. even he did all those things. And what whatever was in your heart, church, that's whether it was good or whether it was bad. Cuz if your heart was in line with the word of God, then whatever he did, it was good, even if it hurt. But if there was a different seed, if there was a different spirit inside of you, it was bad. It was wrong. It was evil. It was of Satan. But Jesus said, "Listen, when I judge, I judge because of what I hear." Brother Ara said he had an open vision ministry. He could see what was going to happen before it happened. He knew what he was supposed to do because he had the father speaking into his into his mind perfectly. The spirit of God dwelt in him without measure completely enrapturing him. He said, "I don't do anything of my own will and I can't do anything. I am so lost in the will of the father. I can't do anything else." And he says, "So it doesn't matter what you think about what I do. I know it's just because he told me to do it and I am in perfect obedience with him. I and my father are one. You can't separate us. So if you judge me, you're judging God. And who can judge God? Do you know you're staying in the same place when you move in the spirit? No one can judge you because it's God working through you. Whatever Jesus did on earth, it was to fulfill the will of Almighty God. church, that was a perfect man, subject to a perfect God, and it produced perfection. It's easy to be perfect if you never do anything. That's usually the critics, isn't it? Those that sit around and do nothing. But to be perfect while doing, that's true perfection. And Christ went and he did, and he did, and he did, and he did. And everything he did was perfect because he was subject to the will of God. Amen. God's will is his word. The prophet taught us that. And so Jesus did everything the word said he would do. I was just reading devotions the other day and it said, "And Jesus went to such and such a place because it was written somewhere somewhere else in the Bible that he would do it." So he went where the Bible said he was going to go, where the word said. He did what the word said he would do. He spoke what the word said he would speak. He was anointed the way the word said he was anointed. And the works that he did were the works that the word said he was going to do. It was the word becoming flesh. Why? Because he was subject to the spirit of God. So he says, "Listen, I'm going to go away soon. I'm going to leave." He says, "It's time for you to pick up the mantle." Tells his disciples, "The works that I do, you shall do also. It's time for you to be Christ." He says, "But you got to wait and go get power first." You got to go get power. What was he telling them to do, church? See, the denominational world will say that he they were he was telling them to go do signs and wonders. No, he was saying keep doing what I've been doing, which is what? Fulfilling the will of God. Fulfilling the word of God. That's what it is. So, if the word says signs and wonders, then you do signs and wonders. If the word says preach the word, then you preach the word. If the word says be quiet, you're quiet. It's whatever the spirit of God would lead you to do. Amen. The purpose of the Holy Spirit is to have us express the will of God day by day in our lives. That's what we're living by. That's what we're supposed to be doing. We come to Pentecost and Jesus said you had to receive power. And on the day of Pentecost, as we preached, it wasn't so much that they got power, but that power got them. Amen. And we saw that absolute power means becoming subject to the absolute. That's what power really means. Amen. To become alive, they had to die out. To come into power, amen, they had to surrender. And to become great, they had to become nothing. There had to be a total dying out up there in that upper room. Remember what Jesus said. He said, "Whoever of you wants to be greatest, let him be the minister. Let him be the servant of all." Humility is power of God. The way up is down. Amen. A dying out to self is what brings God into control. That's always the way it's been, and it's the way it will only work. Brother Ram says this. He says, "The Holy Ghost is power for service." If I could, if you would allow me to say it, I would say that it's the Holy Ghost makes you ready for service. It puts you into service because otherwise you'll just do what you want to do and it will never come out to anything that's that that's of any measure for the kingdom of God. He says you'll receive power. Acts 18, after this the Holy Ghost has come upon you. See, and they had already believed to eternal life and so forth, but they had to have the Holy Ghost for power. You shall be witnesses unto me after the Holy Ghost has come upon you because the Holy Ghost is a witness of the resurrection showing that you have become an adult in Christ. What is the nature of a child church? Selfish. Selfish. If you go to your children, they are rarely focused on what do mommy and daddy want and they're very focused on what do I want. That's the nature of a child. But when you come into adulthood, now you're stepping into looking out for the needs of others, not just yourself. You're being put into service, like it or lump it, that's when you know somebody's an adult is when they're in service now, not just sitting around doing everything for themselves and looking out for what's in it for me. Brother Bam continues, "And the trumpet gives an uncertain sound." He says, "The Holy Spirit is an experience of being filled and endued with power for service." Remember what that word endued means? It means clothed, wrapped up, covered in a garment. And it's the garment of the power of the Holy Spirit. Amen. You know, when Peter comes down from the upper room, I just had a giggle at this when I was studying, if I'm honest, because remember, Peter's under a promise. And Peter, if you remember, is under a promise that you will have the keys to the kingdom. But he's got to wait for power before he can use the keys. But I would imagine, and this is just me, that Peter had a lot of dreams about what it was going to be like when he finally got to use those keys to the kingdom. Don't we have it as a message bride? Boy, I can't wait till I have spoken word authority. Look out now. Look out now. And what will we do? I've said this before. If I had spoken word authority today, there would be no bad drivers. which will mean that in one moment we would all disappear including myself, right? Because we all have our moments. But what would we do? See, when we're immature, when we're focused on self, absolute power, it corrupts absolutely. And so all we would do is we would just destroy everyone around us and then we destroy ourselves in our own misery. But Peter's got the keys to the kingdom. And maybe he sat there and he was sing, you know, he'd dream at night and just sit there and wonder in his moments and say, you know, boy, it's going to be nice. They're really going to see what I can do when those keys are really given into my hands. But church, he comes down on the day of Pentecost and what does he do? Remember, Brother Bram says now he's an inspired preacher. He preaches and 3,000 souls come to Christ. Did Peter go down and say, "Hey, everybody, look at me. Look at these keys." Everybody shut up. I'm going to do some lock unlocking here. Okay, the keyholder is here. Church, Peter didn't even know he was using the keys when he used them. You say, "I got these gifts. I'm looking forward to this." Church, I'm telling you, when it works the way it's supposed to work, you won't even realize that what you're doing. Brother Brandham, when he's under that anointing, remember what he'd say? He says, "Is what he said right?" He didn't even know what he was speaking. Church, under perfect subjection to the spirit of God, Peter comes down and he's unlocking eternity. He's unlocking the Holy Ghost for those people. And what does he do? He preaches Acts 2:38. That's the key to the kingdom, church. Acts 2:38. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. That is the key. That was the key and that will forever be the key until time runs out. Acts 2:38 works the same today as it did back then. Why? Because it was the key to the kingdom. And Peter didn't even know he was handling the keys at that time. Then what does he do? Big Mr. keyh holder walking around with the keys to the kingdom dangling on his side. He's up on the top of the roof. And he's praying and he's getting a little hungry. You know, maybe I'll dangle my heavenly keys and get someone to bring me a sandwich. No, he's praying and the Holy Spirit says, "There's some men coming. Go with them and whatever they ask you to do, do." And so Peter goes to the Gentiles against his own will and preference, but in obedience to the spirit. And he comes into the house of Cornelius. says, "Okay, I didn't really want to be here, but I'm here because the spirit told me to. Now, what do you want?" Peter doesn't even know what they want, church, but he's there. Why? Because he's subject to absolute power. And they say, "Listen, God told us that whatever you're preaching is what we need." And Peter said, "All right. Well, here's what I'm here's what I've been preaching." And while he yet spake, the scripture says the Holy Spirit fell on him. Peter's using the keys again, and he doesn't know it. He doesn't know it in his own self, in his will. He would not even want the Holy Ghost to go on the Gentiles. And yet, it's working. Why? Because it's not Peter anymore. It's the spirit of God working through Peter. Absolute power needs us out of the way completely. That's the only way it's going to work. Absolute power requires an absolute to handle it. And that means it won't work through you and I managing it at ourselves. When Peter's preaching to Cornelius, he didn't come in. He didn't lay his hands on them suddenly. He didn't breathe on them. He didn't even say receive you the Holy Ghost. He just preached the word and the spirit of God quickened it. That's it, church. I don't have to do anything except give you the word and then it's up to God to quicken it. That's all my requirement is. I can't give you the Holy Ghost. I can't give you overcoming power. I can't even give you good advice unless he comes on the line. It takes him to do the work. Amen. Peter had no clue what he was doing. He just preached the word and the word did the work. Church, this isn't about me or you handling power. It's about power handling us. It's about letting go and letting God have his way inside of our lives. Amen. It's him that leads. It's not me that leads. It's him that guides. It's not me. It's not you. It's him that does the work. It's not you or I. That's what absolute power looks like. Amen. That's the privilege we have is that it's Christ in me, the hope of glory, doing this day by day. I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me. It's not me, it's him. Brother Bam says this beautiful thing. He says, "What is it?" It's God, the Holy Spirit dwelling among human flesh in these sanctified vessels that the son of God's blood cleansed by faith. He says, "And God dwelling in these vessels." He's pointing at a bride body performing and carrying on the works of Jesus Christ making him the same yesterday, today, and forever. He says, "If we are baptized by the Holy Ghost and into the body, then we become the body of Christ." That's where we're standing today. That's what this end time message has revealed is that Christ has come down to inhabit a bride body and the head is joining with the body and then we'll be caught away into perfect unity. Amen. We've heard it preached so many times. I've preached it. We've all preached it. I guess the ministry. We've heard about power, spoken word power. We've talked about authority. We've talked about adoption. We've talked about gifts and all these things. But the thing to all of it, church, is simply yielding obedience. That's it. Yielded obedience. It's not about working it. It's not about making it happen. It's about stepping out of the way and letting God do his thing. finding his way and walking in it. That's the simplicity of it. Peter didn't walk down to the house of Cornelius dangling the keys and say, "All right, here we go. I'm going to do some unlocking today." No, he just walked down in obedience to the leading of the Holy Spirit. And then what happened was what God wanted to happen. He didn't go in with intent. He didn't draw up a plan. and say, "Okay, guys, here's what we're going to do, and this will No, he just followed the leading of the Holy Spirit, and that took care of the whole thing." Simple. So simple. But what is it, church? He had to have the spirit in them in the first place. And that's where we miss it so many times. That's where people are missing is they don't have the spirit of God inside them. They have a church experience. They have a I believe the message experience. They have a camp experience, but they don't have the inddwelling power in there to lead and guide us day by day. That's our problem. That's our problem. I'm not saying that's our problem. I'm saying that's the problem is we don't have the spirit of God inside of us. Peter's out of his own will, out of his own ideas, out of his own preferences, but he's walking by the spirit, and that's what produced the results. Abraham says, "It makes you do things you ordinarily wouldn't do." It made Paul do things he ordinarily wouldn't do. It made Moses do things ordinarily he wouldn't do. It makes every man and woman do things they wouldn't do ordinarily. It's something you are centered to, it's your stabilizer. Amen. Church, this wasn't some big show or event. You would think that if I if I was to ask you, okay, if we're going to go and we're going to loose the Holy Spirit in the Gentiles, give me your plan. What would we say? Well, the first thing we need to do is we need to market and advertise and we need to rent a big tent or a massive uh church or even better, let's get a full stadium. And then we've got to have the best worship team go ahead and then we're going to have the other 10 apostles go before Peter into those areas and do all these signs and wonders to hype it up. And then when that's done, then Peter will come behind and he'll preach the gospel and they'll receive the Holy Ghost. Isn't that how the world would do it? Isn't that how denominations would do it? Isn't that how we would probably do it if you told us to design a plan to bring the Holy Ghost to the Gentiles? We build a campaign. And how did God do it, church? He says, "Go to a house of a faithful man and preach the gospel." And from there, church, the Holy Ghost spread throughout the region. That simple. It's so simple. We want to make such a big thing of it. Amen. And once Peter does that, and once he goes to the Samaritans, his job is basically done as the keyholder. There's no more to unlock. The the the hybrids, the Samaritans are done. The Gentiles, the rank unbelievers are done. And the Jews, the promised children are done. The Holy Ghost been loosed to the entire world. That's all Peter had to do. Church, that was his role as the keyholder. Done. And he was dead within a few years. Peter never used those keys for himself. Peter never went around with a plan for how am I going to use this power and authority that God's given me. God just did it to him because he yielded himself to the spirit of God. That's the way that it worked. Amen. That key never changed. Works today. And it's the only thing that'll work. Amen. Repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That's the new birth. But how do we get the new birth? See church, this is an issue we have is we say, "Receive the word." But you got to receive the life of the word. Saying, "I believe this message." Saying that I believe that God sent a prophet. Saying that I know my time and a season is not enough. You've got to have the life that'll take you out of here. Not just an intellectual conception, not just a revelation of doctrine and theology, but it's going to take the reality of a living God inside of us to get us out of here. Man, that'll bring us out. That's why we tell people to come to church. Not because we want them to have a church experience, but because that's where the anointed word is preached. If you have a God-filled minister there, that's where the anointed word is preached. And the word will do the work. And it'll either drive them away or it'll pull them in. It's not up to the man behind the pulpit to do that. The word will do it by itself. We don't have to preach hard, you know, give them the word test. We don't have to do that. We preach as we're led. Amen. We've got visitors that are coming on a regular basis. I've preached some hard things, not intending to, but that's okay. But I don't go in with the intent of pushing them out by making them make a hard decision up front. You look at brother Vichel, I hope it's okay to say this. Brother Vichel didn't receive everything in the first week. No, took days, weeks, years in some cases. But th God's got to do the work. Otherwise, all we'll do is we'll produce twofold more a child of hell by legalism and it will never work. Conformity will not work. It's got to be conformity by the spirit. Not by social pressure, not by religious pressure on these different things. Peter's anointed for his commission. And what does he do, church? He stays in his lane. He stays in his lane. Peter only goes to the Gentiles, as far as I can remember in scripture, the one time for Cornelius to unlock it. And then after that the apostles go and what does he do? He hangs around with the Jews the rest of his time. That was his home crowd. That was where he was meant to be. Others go off and around and do these different things. Peter was under perfect authority. Peter was under a perfect anointing because he was doing exactly what that anointing led him to do and that was stick with his commission. Stay in your lane. Stay in your lane. I've said many times, it's amazing how much people that aren't preachers will tell us preachers how it works. Doesn't work that way. It doesn't work the way I thought it worked. We got to stay in our lane. Let the ministry be the ministry. Let the lady be the lady. Let the officers of the church be the officers of the church. And let God use those men as they need to. You sisters in your roles and the things that you do, stay in your lane. Let God anoint you in your commission and watch what he'll do. You'll see way better results if you can stay in your lane. That's for sure. Peter now is under authority. He's not using it. And we're going to cover that in a bit of in in a moment with Paul. But that's the thing is we can come into this place where we have authority and we can abuse it. Remember Elisha had authority. And what did he do? He got heated and he called judgment out on those children and the bears came out. He had authority, but he didn't have character in that moment to overcome it and he used it the wrong way. We've got to be so careful. Very familiar quote, but I felt worth reading tonight. He says, "Some people get the wrong impression of what the anointing is. When was the greatest anointing ever given to anyone, and what did they do when they had the anointing?" He said, "The greatest anointing that was ever given to anyone was Jesus Christ." We have the spirit by measure. He had it without measure. And one day he entered into the temple and picked up the scroll and read and said, "The spirit of God is upon me, for he has anointed me to preach the acceptable year, to bind up the broken hearts, to heal the sick, and give sight to the blind." He says, "And now we would think if such an anointing was on him, had been prophesied 800 years before that it would come. And here he was with that type of an anointing, the full blessing and the anointing of the Lord upon him. and we will want to run all over the building, scream and holler. But the Bible said he laid down the scroll and sat down and precious words proceeded from his mouth. He said that's what he did under the anointing. The anointing is not emotion. He said the anointing is one thing, supreme power in control. What does that mean, brother John? It means knowing exactly exactly what and how. Church, this is the big change we see in Peter because Peter went from trying to do to just doing it. That's what supreme authority under supreme power under control would do is you don't try and do it, you just do it. Remember what they said to brother Brandham? They said, "Brother Brandham, are you ever scared? Are you ever fearful when you're up there facing the things you're facing?" And he says, "No." Oh, as long as he sent me there, I have no fear. Why? Because he's under the authority of the Holy Spirit. It's not him that went there. It's the Holy Spirit that told him to go there. And anything that came against him, he knew had to what? Bow before the word. It had to because he was sent in the name of the Lord to bring a message of healing and deliverance to the bride of Jesus Christ. He said, "So I don't fear. I don't fear at all because it's not me. It's the Holy Spirit that's leading me in these things. Peter wasn't trying to make a name or be somebody or develop a big ministry. He was literally just fulfilling his commission day by day. Very simple. Just go and preach the word as God leads you to do it. Not a public show, church. Not everything is a public show. I know the testimonies that many people in this church have, and you've talked to me about some of these things, and and if you tell me I keep them private, absolutely. But things that have happened where the spirit of God has moved in your life and you have prayed, you have asked, you have spoken and those things have happened. And what is it church? For if only for a moment we caught the perfect will of God. Now I'll tell you this. The more we read this, the easier it ought to get. The more we pray, the easier it ought to get. Which tells me how important it is to read your Bible and pray. which is the thing that the prophet of God said, "If you want to get closer to God, read your Bible and pray." It's so simple and yet so often we don't do it. We want it to come a different way. We want to dream. We want a sign. We want to wonder. And he simply just said, "Read your Bible and pray." You know, it's an untored generation that seeks a sign. But the glory is not for me and it's not for you. The glory is for God. And that's why it's not a public show. Man, Peter went down out of the the the on the day of Pentecost church with one difference. He had no more information when he went in than when he came out. What did he have? He had the experience of the information. He knew what he was preaching about. Now, Peter wasn't a preacher before this. We know that. I mean, he wasn't a a member of the the priesthood or any of those different things, but he had preached before, but now he's got the full experience of everything that he's going to talk about. And that's what made the difference was he knew what he was talking about by experience, not cuz just he had spent time with Jesus. He knew what he'd been talking about the whole time. Amen. Peter didn't come down on the day of Pentecost and say, "All right, guys. Here's my set of notes. Here's what we're going to do." church. He was so full of what he was by the new birth that it just came tumbling out of him exactly the way it needed to. 3,000 souls were saved. We look at the apostles and the disciples and and we say, "Well, those are the people that are led by the spirit of God." But Paul didn't say it's only for the five-fold ministry. Paul says, "As many as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." Amen. And that's exactly the same thing for each and every one of us. People have this idea that the disciples could just go do signs and wonders whenever they wanted. And so they say, that's why they say today you have these cessationists that say, "Well, it's no longer here anymore because we don't see it." Well, one, they don't see it in their churches because they don't believe. But even in many churches, we don't see it all the time and everywhere. Why is that, church? Because we have to be led by the spirit of God in all things. Now we have a promise that says if there are any sick among you, let them come forward. Let the elders pray, lay hands, pray for them, and they shall recover, a process of healing over time. We have that. So guess what? You're not going to be able to run to the news and say, "Hey, look at this miracle." It's a word promised, but it's not a miracle the way they would expect it, nor that we would even perhaps. Look at Sister Lorie Snow. It's a miracle. She's still alive. But most people would not say that she's a miracle of God. We say it because we know what's going on in the background. We know the prayers that are going up. We know that the the things that she has overcome. We would say that's absolutely a miracle, but the world would never accept that. They would just say that's the one in the million that actually makes it through. Keep praying for her, church. She's so close. She's so close. She's one bad leg away from walking out completely. not perfectly healed, but restored to where she can function and the healing will work work itself out over time. Keep praying for our sister. What a wonderful testimony she's had. What a wonderful attitude the family has had. But let's keep praying for her. Amen. But the the apostles and the disciples were not just running around just healing people wherever they wanted. That's not the way it worked. Amen. We know that Jesus himself said, "I can only do what the father shows me." So remember, there's times where Jesus went in and the scripture says he healed them. Everyone walked into a crowd of hundreds, thousands of people and he healed everyone. And then the other time he goes to the pool and he heals one and walks away with all those sick people there. There are times where he walked and it says he could do no great miracles amongst them. There are times where meetings were forbidden. The spirit of God told the disciples, "You can't do it." Told Paul he couldn't do it. Listen to this. Acts 14 says, "And it came to pass in Iconium that they both went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake that a great multitude, both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed. But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles and made their minds evil affected against the brethren. Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the word of his grace. So God testified. God followed behind his word and did what? granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands. That word granted means he gave them permission. Remember what a commission is. A commission is permission with full power. So in other words, he commissioned them there to do signs and wonders. He granted them. They weren't running around saying, "Okay, they don't believe us. Let's do some signs and wonders." But rather, the spirit of God said, "Go do what I tell you to do." And it was granted them to do it. And they did it and it caused people to believe. They weren't running around of their own accord wielding the sword of signs and wonders and gifts and authority and power and all these things. They were subject to the leading of God. Amen. Watch this again in Acts 16. Now this is Paul speaking of Paul says, "And when they had gone throughout Friia and the region of Galatia and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia." Remember what the anointing is, church. It is knowing exactly what and how. So we see here Paul is forbidden to preach in an area. Why? We find out they weren't ready for it. Macedonia was ready and so the spirit of God told them to do it and so they moved on without delay. God moved them on without delay. Says and after they were come to Misia they as to go into Bethnia. It says but the spirit suffered them not. Remember commission is full permission or permission with full power. And how now the word says that the spirit suffered them not. It refused them permission to go. So now they're asking, remember the other one was the Holy Spirit was proactively saying do not preach in Asia. Move through. It'll slow you down. There's people waiting for you. Now it didn't say they were we know that there was something waiting. It just said don't preach preach in Asia. Move on through. So they're moving on through. And then something in them, something in Paul's heart wants to go to Bethnia and we don't know why. I'll read a quote where brother Brandham says gives a reason. I don't think he's making it an absolute, but there's something in in Paul that wants to go there. Now, here's the thing. The first time the Holy Spirit said, "So, don't do it." But Paul had no inclination in and of himself to preach in Asia. He would have assumed if we're going through, we'll preach. But there wasn't a desire in his heart specific for Asia. But now there's a desire in his heart to go to Bethnia. See, that's the test of whether we're really under his control. If God came down to me today and he said, "Now, Brother John, do not go to the Arctic to preach the gospel." I'd say, "No problem. No problem." Wasn't planning to go. But if God said, "Jonathan, do not preach in church tonight. Play a tape." That's a little different, isn't it? because I've got a desire to preach. I'm a pastor. I'm supposed to preach. There's something in my heart to preach. Maybe I would go visit somewhere and I'd have a desire to preach and the spirit of God say, "Don't you go to that church. Don't you do it. You sit down tonight. Let somebody else preach the word." That's the test of who's in control is when my will comes up against his will. When I have a sincere and what we would say godly desire to do something and God says no that's when we find out are we yielded or are we stubborn amen brother Brandham he faced this very thing in South Africa remember he goes there and the Holy Spirit had mapped out everywhere he was supposed to go and when he landed the brother said we're going to go to such and such a place he says that's not where we're supposed to go and they said but this is the way we've worked it out. He said, "God told me, the spirit of God told me this is where we're supposed to go. You're supposed to go two weeks here, then you're going to go here, and then you're going to go here." And he they said, "Brother Brandham, is it is it possible you could be wrong?" I think it was Brother Bosworth said that. And he says, "Brothers, it was a vision." And brother Bosworth said, "Well, then I ain't going to fight that." Brother Bosworth knew better. But the rest of the brothers fought him on it. And they said, "Go back to God." Sound like something, church? Balum. They're telling the prophet of God to go back to God and ask God to change his will to do it the way they wanted. And God and the spirit of God spoke back to brother Bram. He says, "Go." He says, "But you'll pay a price and you won't be the blessing that you could have been." And if you look at brother Brandham's story, the only place they got any headway was in Durban, South Africa. And that's because that's the one place on the brother's itinerary that matched up with God's itinerary. So in their permissive will they landed luckily on one place that was God's perfect will and that's the only place they had it. They got rained out. They had brothers fighting brothers. They had all sorts of things going on. They got sick. Brother Abraham I think he said he went six or nine or seven or nine months and just nothing. Why? Because they went against the spirit of God. God help us. Speaking of Paul, so he's talking about this this in Acts 16. Now, brother Bram says, "And he knew he could not go to places." He says, "Being harnessed to this, but yet he wanted to go." It's not wrong to have preferences, church. It's not wrong to have a personal will. It's not wrong to have a desire to help or to do something for the kingdom of God. That ain't wrong. But we have to make sure it's his will and not ours. He says he knew that his ambition drew him amongst brethren where he was invited to come. And yet he was pressed in the spirit to do something else. He wasn't his home. Maybe somebody could say, "Brother Paul, we want you to come over here because we have the biggest church. We have the biggest congregation. Your offerings will be great." I had a brother tell me one time, I think I've said this story before. He said, "Brother John," he says, "I don't understand these preachers." He said, "You send them an invitation." He says, "And they say, I have to pray about it." I said go read in Acts chapter 16 and that'll tell you why they have to pray about it. Is because an invitation is not God's will. It's just an invitation. As heartfelt and as sincere and as well-meaning as it is, an invitation is not necessarily God's will. You have to be led by the spirit. Remember, Brother Bram said they had that big thing over in Germany. They had 1,500 2,000 ministers alone were going to support him in that. And then they had a massive place rented for him. And he says, "The Holy Spirit told me not to." He went to Edmonton, Alberta, and preached to a tiny crowd. We got to follow the spirit. And it's not always going to make sense. He says, "But being pressed in the spirit, he thought, I got a brother over there. I'd like to go over and save this brother and get him to the Lord." See what he's saying? He's saying this, Paul is not all selfish about it. He's saying, "There's people over there I want to help." He says, "But yet the spirit pressed him to go somewhere else. He was a prisoner." And then he says, "Oh God, make us prisoners like that." And we're going to preach on this next service from our own selfish ambition, from our own judgments and our better way of thinking to be a prisoner of Jesus Christ. Going back to Acts 16, he says, "So they obeyed time and time. They obeyed." It says, "And they passing by Misha came down to Trrowass." In other words, they stayed right on the path God had told them to. They obeyed the spirit. Now, watch how this plays out. They've obeyed. They've obeyed twice, church, not knowing where they need to go, but they've obeyed and kept moving the way God told him to. It says, "And a vision appeared to Paul in the night." See, church, once we obey, God opens up the way to us. Too often, we're waiting for him to show us all of the way rather than just the next step. I say, "Lord, give me faith to take the next step regardless of whether I can see further ahead or not. If we can be led, he'll keep showing us the way." It's that simple. He says, "There stood a man in Macedonia and prayed him, saying, "Come over unto Macedonia and help us. And after he had seen the vision, immediately we endeavored to go into Macedonia, assuredly gathering that the Lord had called for us to preach the gospel unto them." And I think I've shown the map before that they had to go right through a whole bunch of other lands to go all the way to Macedonia. They skipped a ton of places where they could have preached to go to Macedonia because there was a Macedonian call. There was people there ready to receive the gospel. The Bible says it this way. You can never never go forward until you're perfectly satisfied and know without a shadow of a doubt you're walking in God's will. Then when you know that you're in God's will and walking in his way, nothing can stop you because you know where you're standing. Do we have that assurance this evening? We're making decisions. You brothers with businesses, you're making decisions. Can you say, "I know for beyond a shadow of a doubt, I'm walking in his will." For all those of us that are making career decisions, school decisions, the ways we spend our time decisions, can we say, "I know I'm in his will." He says, "You know the way you're going. You know what you have in your mind, and you know what the will of God is, and you can do it." So, where should we spend the most of our time, church? Seeking his will. Seeking his will. And when you found his will, stay it. Just stay there. and do it and do it and do it until he changes your direction. It's so simple. But we got to take time to do it. We got to take time to do it. Not asking for things, not asking for stuff, not asking for blessings, asking for his will. That's what's going to get us ahead. He says, "It came to pass, now they're in Macedonia. As we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by Susain." So, this is a a young woman that's got a a demonic spirit that tells the future. Tells the future. The same followed Paul and us and cried saying, "These men are the servants of the most high God, which show us under show us the way of salvation." It's amazing that this woman is filled with the spirit of a demon and yet she's speaking the truth. They know the spirit of God. How many times was Brother approached by these strange people, these these women that were, you know, palm readers and and different ones, and she'd say, "There's a light that follows you, and there's a sign behind you, and when were you born and all these things?" See, they catch something. Remember what the the the the demons that were in that that demoniac in Gera said, "Don't cast us out before it's our time. Let us go into the pigs." They knew exactly who he was. It's scary that Satan can identify us more clearly than so-called Christians. She made a living. They made a living. The people that owned her made a living off of telling people what they wanted to hear. But when the spirit of God came her way, she told the absolute truth. It says, "And this she did many days." Church, if we had power, what would we have done in that situation? I'm speaking in the flesh. When something like that happens, when we see situations, when we see people that are bound, when we see hardships, when we see areas where we think we could help, what is our inclination? Put the power to work. She's got a a a spirit on her. She's possessed by a demon. Let's get rid of it. Bring her to the front. Let's pray it out of her. That's what the flesh wants to do. That's what the flesh wants to do. But remember, absolute power is subject to an absolute. And I'm not an absolute and neither are you. Watch what Paul does. Now, see, our tendency is to show power. That's the that's the inclination of the flesh is to show what you got. and its its intention, as good as it may be, is ultimately selfish to show it, to flex it. But that's not what Paul does. Paul's got authority, but Paul's under power. Watch this. It says, "But Paul," now this went on for many days. It says, "But Paul being grieved turned and said to the spirit,"I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her." And he came out the same hour. Brother Bram says it this way. He says, "One day Paul and Silas coming down the street in a certain city where they were holding a revival, and a little demon-possessed girl kept following him, crying out after him. And no doubt, but Paul knew that he had the authority as an apostle to rebuke that evil spirit out of that woman." You can see that in scripture like I mentioned earlier with Elisha. He had authority as a prophet of God to speak and have God do it. You talk about needing character. You talk about needing character. He says, "But did you notice he waited day after day until all of a sudden the Holy Spirit spoke to him and said, this is the hour." He says, "Then he said, thou spirit come out of her." See, he knew to wait on the Lord. If we could interpret scripture the way the prophet tells us, Paul did not get grieved until God got grieved. That girl testified for day after day cuz people believed her. And she was used for a while to actually testify of the truth of the gospel and the ministry of Paul and those that were with him. But eventually, what? Mercy dropped down. Mercy dropped down and it said enough is enough. And then that's when Paul got grieved, church. This wasn't an emotional response. This was a spirit of God response that said, "Today's the day. Enough is enough. We're going to deliver you." And he cast that demon right out of her right there. Church, this wasn't Paul's feelings. This was absolute power pouring through Paul. He waited and he waited and he waited until what? The spirit of God moved him. Paul's not trying to show off. Paul did so many things. He said, "I speak in tongues more than you. When I came, I was in power and demonstration of the spirit. My words are simple." Any gift you wanted to operate, Paul seemed to have it. Any demonstration, sign or wonder, Paul had he seemed to have it. But he wasn't going around showing off. He was led by the spirit of God. But Ram says there's one there's this is where so many people today bring a reproach upon the word. They go out with an ambition. How many revivals, he says, have been left flat because of a thing like that because the evangelist doesn't wait to us, wait to see what the Lord has got to say. Some of them say, "Come over here." And they go right now because the association said, "Go." He says, "And the Holy Spirit would say something different." He says, "Yet the ambition of the man to become the state presbyer or something or another, some elder, some bishop or something would pull him. You must go." And yet he knows better. the Holy Spirit saying, "Go here." See, but he's yolked to his organization. He's a prisoner to the organization. But if he's yoked to Christ, he's led by the Holy Ghost. See, he's yolked, a prisoner. Doesn't make any difference what anything else what anything else says. He says a sounding brass and a tinkling symbol. He hears only the voice of God and he speaks only when it comes out. He says nothing. Now, so often, Brother Brand would speak about ministry and we tend to apply these quotes that way. But he's preaching to you. Behold, I said unto you, Elijah the prophet. He's preaching to you. He's not just preaching to ministers. He's preaching to the entire body of Christ and saying, listen, you've got to not be led by your ambition. You've got to be led by the spirit of God. And so, you can take something like this and you can apply it to your brothers that are running your businesses. What is my ambition? Is my ambition to grow my business and make everybody see how successful I am? or is my ambition to be led by the spirit of God to be as big as he wants me to get? Because I'll tell you this, if where you are now is already impinging on your relationship with God, he ain't going to grow your business. If you can't do what you're required to do in the body of Christ, why would he bless your business? It would be Satan that would bless it to try and what? Take you further and further away when you make career decisions. We're going to talk on this more next service, Lord willing. Brothers, even sisters, when you make career decisions, every opportunity is not God's opportunity. That's not the way it works. I've had so many opportunities to move elsewhere, take different jobs, make better money, bigger titles, and guess what? They weren't God's will. They were just opportunities. Greener pastures as we'll dwell on in the next service. What's best for us financially, materially, in our career is not always God's will for us. That's not the way that it works out. Amen. A brother told me about a young football player down in the States and he was a phenomenal phenomenal athlete and he was a he was going to go in the first round for the professional football draft. And this brother was a minister and he went to him and he said, "Listen, you've got a lot of influence because of your skill and because of the gift that you have athletically." He says, he says, "You need to give that to God." He says, "And I'm asking you," he says, "to lay it aside that you could go and influence young people in the ministry." Not as a minister. That's a call. You can't put that on somebody. But he says to use that influence and and talk to young men and talk to those that look up and use what you have for God. And that young man turned him down and he got injured his first year. And as far as I know, he's never played again. But he'd walked away from God, so he lost that as well. See, it was opportunity, but it wasn't God's opportunity. We do so many things as believers that defy logic, that defy reason, that don't make financial sense. They don't make a lot of senses. I've moved to so many places for so many stupid reasons in the eyes of the world. I say that I've walked away from the best highpaying jobs that I could get. I've turned down highpaying jobs. I've moved away from ministry that supported me to go to places where they didn't support me. Makes no sense. I went from good to not so good many, many times. Why? The leading of the spirit of God. I look around here and I see many people that have paid a price. And the older you are, the more prices you probably paid at this point. That's the way it works. But what? We've got to be led by the spirit, not by what this flesh wants. Not by the idea that if it's an opportunity and it's a possible blessing, then it must be God. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Satan's trying to get us away with every bright and shiny thing that he can throw our way. And a lot of times, it's an opportunity that has nothing to do with our work in the kingdom of God. Going to close with one quote here. Brother Brandon would talk about his move from Jeffersonville. And remember, Jeffersonville for him was home for so long. He laid the cornerstone of the church there. It was a miracle that they got the building that they built it up and then they rebuilt it and did all these things, built it into a bigger place and that was his home place. It was it was a comfortable place for him. It was where God had done so many wonderful things. And then the spirit of God told him, "Move west." And when he moved west, church, life got harder, not easier. Did you know that life got harder? Listen to this. He says, "Why am I there?" He's talking about being in Tucson. He says, "It's the most ridiculous thing." You know, we're allowed to say that because he's not dissing God. He's not putting down God. He's saying, "Look, if you look at this in a carnal way, it's ridiculous what I'm doing." He says, "I'm sitting out there in the desert. Who wants that? Sill. Who wants to sit out in the desert? Who wants sunshine and heat?" And the church of the living God says, "Amen." Right. Right. He says, "I'm sitting out there in the desert paying $110 a month." Wouldn't we love to go back to that? I We Blanc and I were talking the other day. Our first apartment was $275 a month, which when you think of it, that was 40 years after Brother Brandham left. That's not bad. But I did the math on this. Okay? I did the math on this. So, let me finish the quote and then I'll come back. He says, "I'm paying $110 a month in rent." He says, "And here is a house sitting up here, a parsonage furnished to me." See, he says, "But it's following the Lord." See, that's all I know to do. You do the math, and he's still doing okay. Back then, they made about $6,200 a year, about $517 a month. So, his rent was 25% of his gross income. Today in Canada, it's about 77,000. Sorry, 74,000 a year. So, just over $6,100 a month. So that'd be about $1,300 a month. So he went from a house that was fully furnished with no payments to a house that he had to furnish, paying about 13 12 or 1,300 bucks a month for it. And he says, "It's ridiculous. I'm sitting out there in the desert. It's not where I want to be, and it's costing me more than it cost me here. It's ridiculous." Anybody had any ridiculous moments in their life? I need like 17 hands to do it. But remember, it'll make you do things you wouldn't ordinarily do. It won't make sense to the world. It just won't. Church, if our decisions in every way line up with what people around us in the world expect us to do, let me tell you one thing. You're off the word and will of God. because it won't make sense. It cannot make sense. Sometimes it will, but if all the time we're doing it exactly the way the world does it, we've missed the ball completely. We're completely out. Brother Brandham went from a furnished house, no payments, easy living to having to make payments, and fill out a house with furniture all over again in Tucson. Sorry, Sil in Tucson. He's like, it's ridiculous. What did brother Bram say? Sunny skies are not evidence of his will or good grace, nor cloudy skies, his displeasure or disfavor. Amen. Let's stand. We're preaching on absolute power, but to me it really looks like absolute surrender. That's what absolute power is. Is absolute surrender. A total selling out to the word of God. Amen. total selling out to the leading of the spirit no matter the cost. As I said earlier, I look around and I see people that have paid a price. You pay a price to do the right thing. You pay a price to not get revenge, to not push back, to absorb that slap across the face and then the one that comes behind it. the loss of family and relationship and ministry at times even we paid prices to do the right thing. Amen. But our rewards waiting for us. Amen. I think you sang bula land earlier, didn't you? Did I hear that? That's our That's our reward, isn't it? When we get to fly away. This is something I just see in my head. Brother Bob and you're going through the air and you've got brown hair, I would presume, like you used to have. Your face is square jawed, handsome, muscled up, and you're looking at me and you're saying, "It was really worth it." Amen. Sister Brenda, walking away from family the way you did, it's not going to matter. You won't feel it. It will not even enter your thought. We sing that song, it will be worth it all. Sometimes we need to think about what's waiting for us rather than what's we're dealing with right here and now. Cuz what awaits us is so far beyond what we could ever ask or think or imagine, the trials of this life, the hardships, the things that have fallen away, the things that we've laid down willingly by God's grace, the hardships that we face day by day because of the gospel of Jesus Christ. It'll all be worth it all when we're flying through the air. When that knock on that door comes and you see a saint that's gone on and you know I'm all beyond a shadow of a doubt. I'm one of the few. I'm going to make it. I believed it, but now I know I'm going to make it. And you have sweet fellowship for 30 to 40 days. You talk about having meetings, church. We won't need to have meetings anymore. We won't need to preach the word. The doors will be closed by then. But we'll know I'm going to make it. You talk about a shouting. You talk about revival. Some of us might even speak in tongues. Some of us might dance in the spirit. Some of us might finally let go. What I'm saying this evening, you don't have to wait till then to thank God to worship him for the privilege of giving your life for him to use, of yielding yourself to him. Amen. [Music] There's a reward that comes with humility and surrender. Next service we're going to talk about is stripping down. Let me tell you, the further you go with God, the more of a stripping down there happens where he takes away every bit of self. Takes away that pride, that arrogance, that need for control. But he also strips away that I can't do it attitude and I'm not good enough and he'll never forgive me and I'm never going to get the victory. That's the thing, church. When he strips, he strips away everything that Satan's laid on us. Not just the stuff that we like, he also sets us free from the things that have bound us for so long. Amen. We speak of adoption. We speak of authority and gifts and all these things. But before we preach that, we've got to preach of the preparation of God to get us ready for those things. And that's what we're preaching in this series. Amen. God bless you. God bless you each one this evening. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, I just want to thank you for your word. Lord, I want to thank you for the promise of your spirit upon us, Lord. That it would make us do things we didn't think we could ever do, Lord. That it would help us to lay our lives aside, our will aside, our thoughts aside, our preferences aside, our feelings aside, Lord, our very uh way of making a living, Lord, to make you the preeminent one in our lives. Lord, we're holding to your promise this evening, Lord. you told your your disciples. If we'll lay it all down, if you forsake mother and father and houses and lands, you'll be granted a hundfold and more. Lord, we haven't lost anything when we've laid it down to serve you, Lord, but we've gained everything when we lay down these temporary things that we tend to hold on to. Lord, I pray you bless your people. Lord, I pray you encourage us, Lord, in the trials that we face. Lord, I pray you break down our resistance. Help us to take our hands off the wheel, Lord God. Help us to humble ourselves, our thoughts, our ideas, our judgments, our ambitions, Lord, whatever it might be this evening, Lord. And maybe we're a little too humble, Lord, and we don't see ourselves the way you see us, Lord. I pray your spirit and your word would lift us up, Lord, that we'd see the regard that you have for your bride that you've called out. Lord, bless us we pray. Lord, help us to be surrendered and obedient day by day. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Lord, I give you my heart. This is my desire. 10:19 This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] And all I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore, it is in you. So Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Oh, this is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore, it is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take every moment I'm awake. Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every step that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. It's not in trying, but in trusting. 992. It's not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. And it's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. It's not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. It's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. It's not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. It's not in wondering but in praying that we find the strength of the Lord. Jesus draw me close. 766. Do we know that one? Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. [Music] Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and obey. Hey Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and obey. [Music] Amen. Before we go in prayer, we're going to sing that song, I was born to be a dwelling place, 7:42. Man, I'm going to ask brother Vichel to close in prayer if he would remember those that are traveling, those that are away. Amen. Keep praying for Sister Brenda. I want to see a full and total healing. That's my expectation. Amen. Praise the Lord for that. Amen. We're trusting him. Amen. We've seen him move so many times. Amen. And why would we doubt he would move again? Amen. Let's remember each other in prayer as we sing this and brother Vicha will come. I was born to be a dwelling place. a hope for the presence of the Lord. So let my life now be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be. For I was born Lord to be a dwelling [Music] for the presence of the Lord. [Music] So let my life Thou me consecrated, Lord, to thee, that I might be what I was born to [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for your presence in today's service. Lord, thank you for your love and your grace, Lord. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Thank you for forgiving us, Lord, when we fall short, Lord, for keeping us in your plans, Lord. for thinking of us, Lord, for building us, Lord. We pray to you for your help, Lord, for your grace, Lord, for your leadership, Lord. Help us get out of your way, Lord. Let your word have a free flow, Lord. Help us, Lord, to catch your desires, Lord, to catch your will, Lord. We pray to you, Lord, for those who are sick, Lord. Yes. Create a desire in our hearts, Lord, to pray for them, Lord. Yes. To be a support to them, Lord. You only know their trials, Lord, their burdens. Lord, be with them, Lord, in their needs. Lord, please forgive them, Lord, for anywhere they have fallen short. Lord, help them casheth your revelation. Lord, help them to walk into their healing. Lord we pray to you Lord Jesus to help us Lord to go from here Lord to be your witnesses Lord let us reflect you Lord in every thoughts in every desire Lord in every word Lord help us Lord to reflect you in every area of our life Lord we pray to you Lord to help us to reflect on today's word Lord help us meditate on it Lord help us to make it ours Lord Help us to come back with a greater desire. Lord, help us to prepare. Lord, we pray for your love. Lord, your grace and your mercy. Lord, we pray for your presence amongst us and with us, Lord. Please be with each and every one of us, Lord. As we go from here, Lord, we love you, we praise you, we welcome you, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] The Lord [Music] now Don't for me. presence of your life. Lord and I was [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. He has [Music] all I [Music] might bring the and we love the
