################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - 20250507 - Conflict Between God and Satan Pt. 1 - Bro. Garfield Grant - Garfield Grant.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-08
Title:    20250507 - Conflict Between God and Satan Pt. 1 - Bro. Garfield Grant
Speaker:  Garfield Grant
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvvEmtSgyA8
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bJjEKO5OgKWC213S6GXbMpzYeW799Ufs/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] His merch. Mercies never come to an end. Let's stand. They are new every morning. Yes, Lord. New every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is thy faithfulness. The depth of love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come to an end. They are new every morning. New every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is thy faithfulness. 742. I was born to be a dwelling place. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing that. Do you believe that you were born to be a dwelling place for the presence of the Lord? Amen. That's what we were called for. Praise the Lord. Let's sing [Music] it. I was born to be a dwelling place. Amen. A home for the presence of the Lord. Yes. Amen. So let my life now be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be for I was born. Amen. To be a dwelling place. Hallelujah. A home for the presence of the Lord. So let my life Hallelujah. Now be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be. God still [Music] moves. God still moves. Yes, Lord. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. He does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he smile. God still moves. Praise the Lord. God still moves. Hallelujah. Oh, God still moves. Amen. God still moves in the hearts of his people. God still moves. Praise the Lord. He does not sleep, nor does he sleep. God still moves. Amen. God still moves. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm glad that God still moves. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's sing 696 through it all, the chorus. And uh I just ask brother Matt if you come and open in prayer tonight. And uh just remember to pray for brother Garfield as he comes tonight to bring the word just be in prayer for him. And uh remember sisterh Laura Snow as well. God would just be with her. And brother Gourd uh Snow, he's God willing, he'll be released tomorrow to go home. So thank the Lord for that. They've got to do another test or two just to make sure everything is okay. So, uh other than that, he he'll be headed home. Uh remember also sister Katrina, we just uh continue to pray for her, brother Doug, and Sister Beverly as well. Snow family who mourned the loss of brother Tom and of course sister Shirley as well. So, just pray for the family. Um Daniel, brother Daniel, uh he has um a busted foot and is off work. So we just want to remember him at this time. Uh it's kind of like a fracture, but the doctor wasn't sure. So anyway, he's off work right now. Sister Blanca and Sister Selena traveling tomorrow, so I want to be in prayer for them. Member Kachi as well is he recovering. And um Sister Becca is home. She's not well tonight. I remember her. Brother Paul, Sister Kimberly, uh we'll do just staying home in case something changes with that fire, but thankfully it seems to be moving in the other direction. Not that we want it to affect anybody, but uh just pray for them tonight as well. Brother John's eye. He's got an appointment with the doctor tomorrow to see about it. And u we want to continue to pray for him. thing thing is brother said we are already healed we just got to accept it was what he said so let's just continue to pray for each other but sister Brenda's got a doctor's appointment tomorrow as well about her ear uh so we've been having a bit of a problem with that so I think that was all was a whole was a lot of requests tonight there's more requests here than there are people I think so we just want to continue to pray for each other praise the Lord It's important that we pray for each other. Amen. So, let's uh sing that through it all, no matter what we're going through, it's designed to bring forth Christ in all of us. And Amen. So, let's sing it brotherly in prayer. through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. Yes, I've learned to trust in God. Amen. Through it all. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Through it all, I have learned to depend upon his word. Amen. Oh, through it all. Amen. Through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. Amen. I have learned to trust in God. Amen. Through it all. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. Uh just before we pray, I just want to pass on the brother Columbo and brother Ed wanted to express their thanks and their love for everyone and especially where the the Snow family just went through another funeral. They just wanted to express their thanks. Let's pray. Our dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, as may our hearts cry be, Lord, as through it all, Lord, that we're depending on you, Lord. Lord, there are a lot of requests here, Father. There's even stuff here that's not written down that each one of us are going through, Lord. But Lord, may you that song have been a prayer to you, Father, that we're standing on your word. Lord, that we're going to repeat it back to you, Father, that we are healed, Father. Lord, no matter what the obstacle is, Father. Lord, there's so many promises written down in scripture, Lord, that each one of us can apply to our particular situation, Father. And Lord, I pray that you would just draw near to us, Father. Help us to overcome the different mountains that we're trying to climb, Father, to help us, Lord, to to for the valleys and the rivers that some of us might be going through. Lord, the trials that have us weighed down, Lord, I pray, Father, your grace just be upon each one, Lord. Lord, thank you for bringing brother God, Lord, through the surgery, Lord. What a wonderful testimony, Lord, that you were just drew near to him, Father, and major surgery, Lord, and he's doing good. We thank you for that, Lord. Sister Laura Snow, Lord, Lord, thank you again for what you've done for her, Lord. We know she's not fully out of it, Lord, but in your eyes, it's a finished work. Grace to Sister Katrina, Lord. But Doug, Sister Beverly, brother Daniel with his foot, Lord. You can heal that very quickly, Lord. Grace to Sister Blanc and Sister Seline as they travel, Lord. It's not an easy thing in today's world, Lord, that they traveling. But Lord, we're praying that you just set your guardian angels round about them, Father. Return them to us safely, Lord. Caugh you, Lord, has been fighting that for a while, Lord. May you just continue to heal them, Lord. and Sister Rebecca, you know, that situation, Lord, if you could just reach down and touch them, heal her. Brother Paul, Lord, we thank you for that the fire is moving away, Lord. But grace, Lord, to the firefighters, Lord, that are working there, Lord. May you just grant them the wisdom and the strength to do their duties, Lord. And Lord, I pray as we start this service, Father, that as we praise you, Lord, that you just help us, Father, to open our hearts to you, Lord. May we just remove the cares of this world, Lord, and be able to enter in communion with you, Father. Grace to Brother Garfield, Lord. May you just help him, Lord. Lord, we come to hear from you and may we not may not stop pulling, Father, till we've received our portion this night. Father, we love you, Lord, and we thank you for your many blessings. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Number 369, he brought me out of the miry clay. On the other side of those requests, prayer requests for sickness and fire and all that stuff. Brother Levi told me it's okay to announce that it's his birthday today. So he uh he moves into another phase young into the teenage phase. So pray for the parents, right? But we're thankful for all the young the young brothers and the young sisters. I mean God has been really gracious to all of them all of them and all of us and they're a great part of the church. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this. My heart was distressed. Jehovah's dread frown until he pulled us out of the miry clay of [Music] sin. My heart was distressed nature as dread proud and low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. I cry to the Lord from the deep my reclaim who tenderly brought me out to golden. Amen. He brought me out of the merry clay. He set my feet on the rock to slay. He puts a song in my soul today. A son of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. And here I abide. No danger of falling. While here I remain, but stand by his grace until the crown high. Amen. him up on the merry clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song was a new song of praise. By day and by night in sweet notes I would raise. Amen. Hearts overflowing. I'm happy and free. I'll praise my redeemer who has resued. Praise the Lord [Music] him on the rock to say he puts a song in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till all men his goodness shall see. I'll sing of salvation at home and abroad. Till many shall hear the truth and trust. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He set my feet on the rock to save. He puts a song in my soul to today, a song of praise. Hallelujah. And he brought me out of the [Music] m. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song a praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song to a new song of praise. My day and my night. His sweet clothes I raise. My heart's overflowing. I'm happy and amen. Praise the Lord who has rescued me. He sent my Amen. Praise the [Applause] Lord. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. 216 I am marked. Amen. Of course. Amen. I am marked. Marked. Marked. I am marked now. Wherever I go, I am marked. Marked. are just what I am. Everyone seems to know I am sealed. Seal seal. I am sealed by his spirit divine. All glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is mine. I am marked. Mark marked marked. I am mark wherever I go. I am marked. Mark marked. Mark marked. Just why am everyone seems to know I am sealed. Seal sing I am sealed by his spirit divine all glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is. I sing it again. And I am marked. Mark. Mark. Praise the Lord. Amen. I am Mark, Mark, Mark. Just what I am. Everyone seems to know. I am still se still. I am sealed by his spirit divide. All glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is mine. Amen. Praise the Lord. We've got a lot to be happy about, don't we? Praise the Lord. Amen. God is so good. Listening 55. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loing kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Hallelujah. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. And I lift my hands Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Yes. Oh God. Hallelujah. I lift my hands, Lord. Unto thy name. Oh, praise the Lord. I lift shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy. Yes. Praise the Lord. Thy loving kindness, thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness, Amen. is better than life. Hallelujah. My lips shall praise thee. thus will I bless thee. Amen. I will lift up my hands in thy name. And I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands. Hallelujah. unto thy name. Amen. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy [Music] name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's um sing 1249. In the presence of the Lord, there is love. In the presence of the Lord, there is love. In the presence of the Lord, there is peace. In the presence of the Lord there is heing. Lord I stand in your presence with my heart and with my whole heart. Lord, I love you with my whole heart and I will love you and I will love you with my heart. Hallelujah. In the presence of the Lord there is love. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. The Lord there is peace. In the presence of the Lord there is healing. Lord, I stand in your presence with my heart and with my whole heart. Lord, I love you with my whole heart. Hallelujah. And I will love you. And I will love you with my heart. Hallelujah. And with my whole heart. And with my whole heart. Lord, I love you with my whole heart. And I will love you. And I will love you with my whole heart. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. Um we bring praises. is 1250. Empty handed we come to the high holy throne. Open inside with nothing to hide. We offer praisees. We now worship the name of the lamb that was slain. Asking nothing for us. We just bring you our love. Offering praisees. We bring praisees. Hallelujah to you [Music] Lord. Lifting holy hands we worship and adore. [Music] sinners saved by grace, we bow before your face, offering nothing but praisees to you, Lord. Angels fall their wings as we holy sing. Redeemed by the lamb now holy we stand. Yes. Amen. Offering praisees. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We been washed in the blood. Pure and rightuous we come to the most holy one. Offering praisees. We bring praisees to you [Music] Lord. Glory hands we worship and adore. Hallelujah. sinners saved by grace. We bow before your [Music] face. Offering nothing but praisees to you, Lord. Let's stand. Empty handed we come to the high holy throne. Open inside nothing too hide. We offer praisees. We now worship the name of the lamb that was slain. Asking nothing for us. We just bring you our love. Offering praisees. Praise the Lord. We bring praisees hallelujah to you Lord. Yes father praise the Lord. Lifting holy hands we worship and adore. s by grace we bow before your face. Amen. Offering nothing but praisees to you Lord. We bring praisees. Amen to you. God bless you. Amen. Lift the holy hand we worship and s we bow before your [Music] face offering Nothing but to you. Hallelujah. Let's just bow our hearts before him as we approach the throne of grace this evening. Eternal God and Father, Lord, we give you thanks for your mercies and your grace that you've extended towards our lives. Lord God, we are happy people, Lord God, that we have heard that voice. And Lord, you have given us a heart, Lord God, that we're able to respond to the [Music] call. Oh God, Lord, it's nothing that we have done, Lord. It's it's your righteousness. It's your truth. It is your spirit, Lord. Lord God, it's your grace, Lord God. Lord, when we come, Lord, to gather, Lord, in places of worship, Lord, and when our hearts, Lord God, begin reflecting, Lord God, on the goodness that you have shown. And Lord God, in with such respect and humility, Lord God, we acknowledge the Lord God that you are truly to be worshiped. Lord, we know there's coming a time, Lord God, when Lord, the stories will be told of the goodness, oh God, of the overcoming, Lord, of the blessings that you have bestowed and the joy unspeakable and full of glory, oh God, that will unfold in your presence. But Lord God, in recognition to the praises that you deserve this evening, Lord, we give her the glory, Lord. Hallelujah. Lord God, we say Lord God, hallelujah, let all everything that has breath, Lord God, let the the praise your wonderful and precious name this evening bless your people, Lord, as we come together, Lord. Remember the needs, Lord God. We are such a needy people. There's so many needs or sicknesses, oh God. Needs of the body, Lord God. There's so many things that are over represented, Lord God. And to some extent, Lord God, it seems so impossible. It seems so far-fetched. It seems so unreachable. But Lord God, but Lord, you told us to trust you, Lord. And Lord God, we're trusting in your mercy this evening that you bless us, your people. Have thine own way, Lord. May you come on the scene this evening, Lord. And may you speak to an heart. May you bless us, Lord God. And may the words that we hear, Lord God, may it not be the word of a man, but Lord God, as we unveil our hearts to you, Lord, may you come on the scene one more time and speak to your people, bless us, we pray in Jesus Christ's name. And we say, "Amen." And amen. Praise God. Ain't God good? Praise God. Just want to thank the Lord for another opportunity to be standing before the bride of Jesus Christ this evening. You know each time I stand here I stand humble and as an humble servant to the people of God you know to you know to render service for the purpose of the kingdom of God. Amen. I just also want to thank you know the brother thank brother John and my time you know for this opportunity and also thank brother Mark he has been very instrumental you know has been giving me too much information I can't keep up with all the information that the mark is giving but let me thank God you know um tonight we like to start a thought is something that has come into my heart and I said I want to share it amen I would like to look on the great conflict. Amen. I you know we believe that we are in a battle and you know I think it's fair it's a fair statement to say that you know we are we need to prepare for war you know because this is not a picnic this is not a you know is the time in which we have to engage you and I don't you know one writer would say that you know God didn't give us anything to cover our backs so we cannot run away from it. Amen. Amen. We have to fight. Amen. So, we will turn our Bibles to the book of Ephesians chapter 6 and we begin reading from verse 10. And it read thus. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. put on the old armor of God that he may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wic wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the old armor of God that he may be able to withstand in the evil days and having done all to stand. May we stand this evening. Amen. May we be seated. You know, I would like to before we go into the the conflict, the actual conflict, I would like to use this service to show us that we are not defeated people. The the bride of Jesus Christ, she's called as an overcomer. And you know, because we are called as an overcomer, you know, God will equip us in our overcoming. Amen. And so before we go into the conflict, we like to see what the end of the conflict looks like. In other word, I might as well tell you that the bride is victorious. That it doesn't matter what we are what conflict that confronts us. Really, we are certain of the victory. We are certain of the outcome because God is in control. Hallelujah. Praise God. But we find church that we are caught in a battle in a war that didn't start here on earth. It started in heaven. And it's a war between God and Satan really. And it that battle that started all the way, you know, into eternities back then. It was brought down here unheard. And we are in the midst of that battle tonight this evening. Amen. But we want to say this evening that Hallelujah. You see at the end of it, you know, the Bible said, you know, and we look at Ephesians 1 and verse 5, you know, the Bible said, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace." In other word, hallelujah, at the end of this battle, hallelujah, God will present you not as a defeated bride, but as the praise of the glory of his grace. In other word, the grace of God will help us through this battle. The grace of God, hallelujah, will see us through. Are you there with me, church? And so, hallelujah, God will, he will present us as victorious, as as the trophies. Hallelujah. of of the battle that you know of of the time of the war and we know that by this hallelujah that we know that you know we he heaven will rejoice at the end of it all really and so the bride will also rejoice. We s see also in verse 6 verse 12 rather the Bible said that we should be the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ in whom he also trusted after that he heard the word of truth the gospel of your salvation in whom also after he believed he were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise which is the earnest of our of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of the of his glory. In other word, I I want to emphasize that tonight because I want us to understand that hallelujah that God is happy. Hallelujah. That yes, we are subjected to a battle, but yes, we will be victorious. Hallelujah. Praise God. But we want to look on our position as son because we don't want to just see ourel in a battle trying to overcome. But we want to look before this battles actually started. What was our position? Hallelujah. We were sons and daughters of God. Are you there with me church? And being sons and daughters of God. We were Hallelujah. As you know we we know our hurtly father. We were a part of our hurtly father really. Hallelujah. And so you know there was a time that we weren't made expressed but and there's another time through the bed and ground of our of our mother we came into being. So we were a part of our father we were part of the genes of our father a part of his attribute a part of his eternal source. Hallelujah. And so if we were part of God it mean that if God cannot be defeated it mean that this bride cannot be defeated. Amen. Are you with me, church? Hallelujah. Praise God. Because we're a part of him. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. You bear with me a little bit as we as we grow into this. And so the Bible said in Romans 8 and verse 14 or verse 34, the Bible said, "Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died, yay, rather, that he is risen again. Who is even at the right hand of God? Who also maketh intercession for us? Who shall separate us separate us from the love of of Christ? He said, "Shall tribulation or distress or or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or our sword, as it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conqueror. Oh my. Hallelujah. We are more than conqueror through him who have loved us. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angel, nor principalities, nor power, neither things present or things to come, neither height nor depth, hallelu, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Hallelujah. Church, uh, this was declared over our lives. In other word, before you go into a battle, think about what he says about you. That we are more than conqueror. We are more than victorious. Hallelujah. In other words, how God is it's like an unfair game, brother John. God said, we win the the the the war before we enter in it. God declares that we are victorious before we enter into that battle. Hallelujah. So into you know what what I want you to see to the tonight before I take you into the conflict see exactly that God said you're more than conqueror you know Lord you have achieved the maximum you have achieved the victory from the battle you are conqueror this evening hallelujah praise God amen so we say the sons of God are part of God we are part of his gene Hallelujah. And so being a part of God, Hallelujah. Brother Pam said, hallelujah, that the the the thoughts of God were made manifest or the attribute of the genes of God were made manifest. And if you're part of God, it means that when God manifest himself, you are part of that manifestation. Are you there, the church? Hallelujah. Praise God. I don't want to go very fast. Just bear with me. I kind of get excited sometime but Amen. praise God. But the word manifests the genes, the attributes of God and we are expressing or manifesting that attribute of God. Are you there at the church? Hallelujah. In other word, hallelujah. If God is victorious, h if God cannot be defeated in in his expression of you, you cannot be defeated because the world cannot be defeated. The world cannot be stopped. The word cannot be hindered. And if you're part of that word, it means that you cannot be stopped. You cannot be hindered. You cannot be prevented. Why? Because you're expressing a part of your eternal father, the word of God. Hallelujah. But brother Benham said on the message invisible union. Brother Benham said and so and so we and so we were you sons of God and daughters of God before there was even a moon, a star, a me a molecule. You were sons and daughters of God. He said you are only the physical manifestation of the attribute that was in God at the beginning for there is only one form of eternal life and that was you. It said before he said you didn't know nothing about it neither did you know when you were in your earthly father but he said but you were manifested that in in his image in the image of God you were made you were made and you were manifested for the glory and the fellowship of God. Amen. Praise God. We take another quote from the message communion preached 1965. Brother Bham said what was it? He said there was another William Brham. He said see a little spot of eternal life down there. He said from the genes of God, the word of God that was placed in there is that each one of you can think of similar thing. You see, he said it was it was working. He said, "Then look up to the tree." He said, "And I think leave. I see you fall off last year." He said, "Why are you back there again?" He said, "We we have you have come from." He said, "Where have you come from?" He said, "What brought you here?" He said, "See, it was the eternal life that is working in the body." Are you there, church? In other word, if I if I may illustrate this to you, you know, when you see a fruit tree and you look at it at one time, it doesn't it's not bearing any fruit. It it's just leaves and limbs and all of that. But there comes another time that is called the season, hallelujah, of the fruit where the tree produces. And you you will watch the tree and you wonder where did that fruit comes from? What you're looking at is a physical manifestation of something that was in the tree. Are you there with me, church? And so when we see the fruit, then we know that something in the in the in the genes of the tree was made manifested. So the fruit, hallelujah, is the manifestation of the tree itself, the inner core of the tree. Hallelujah. Praise God. It's an expression. In other words, What I want you to see tonight that God is a God of reality and if Hallelujah and so God in himself have thoughts but God want to express those thoughts. Are you there with me church? Because those thoughts are reality. Amen. Hallelujah. But what does he do? He takes from within himself. Who did he took from himself? He took you and I from himself and express hallelujah al us by the word to do what? To manifest God to bring himself into manifestation. You got to see hallelujah that you're not just a mistake but you are a part of God but you are called to manifest God. And if you're manifesting God by the word hallelujah the gates of hell cannot prevail against you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Because God has declared it. The words that comes from me must go out and accomplish after those things that are sent in our word. It must reproduce. It must become fruitful. It must be victorious. It must achieve the end result as God has expected it to be. It cannot be defeated. Hallelujah. said now then one day as I walk on he said that vice talking don't never drink smoke drink enough so forth and the young fellow and all got older he said see there was something moving he said but yet all at once I look up and I said I'm not the son of Charles and Elsa Brham said There's something calling me. It's a light that my that my little eagle I'm not a chicken. There's something up yonder somewhere. He said, "Oh, great Jehovah." Is that whoever you are, uh, open up. Hallelujah. I want to come home. There's something in me calling. Hallelujah. Here, a man feeling the essence of God calling him back. Uh, hallelujah. to the true essence of the word. That's where we need to go, church. We need to get back to the word. Uh we need to get back into that state of manifesting God again. You see where I'm going with all of this tonight. Hallelujah. But I got to show you your godly inheritance that if you come from God that Hallelujah. The reason why you're able to give birth to the word is because you come from God. And if you're called to give birth to the word, it means that the word in you is Christ. And Christ cannot be defeated. Amen. It doesn't matter who is challenging you. It could be an angel from heaven. It could be an agency from here. The bride of Christ cannot be defeated. There's no battle that can defeat the bride of Jesus Christ. There's no sickness that can defeat you. There's no need that can defeat you. Why? Because the word of God speaks for you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Forgive me if I'm shouting, brother Mark. Oh my. I'm getting a little bit excited. Amen. Brother said, "Then I was born again, and that little life was laying there. The life of water was poured upon it. Then it began to grow. Now the old life was he said was forgiven. Put in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Never to be remembered again. He said me no more. See now we stand justified as though we have never had sin. Hallelu in the presence of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. We are justified. Hallelujah. By hal by the spirit of God. Amen. So listen church. Listen better said that we did not become son by the new birth. Hal but because we were in him church. We were in the genes of God. We were part of the eternal locust. Hallelujah. We're part of him. And so because we're part of him that's the reason why we can be reborn. And if you're reborn and you're reborn by the word of God, it means that if you're subjected to a condition, hallelujah, listen, before you are subjected to the condition, there's a word, hallelujah, that speaks to the end result of the of the battle that you're going through, God already, the Bible said that he may give you unexpected end. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. So we said those of his divine attribute were made a part of the word at the beginning. Brother said when God was writing Christ the word the lamb's book of life he said he slat our names there. Hallelujah. And so our names were written with Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. The lamb's book of life. And but said and the Bible said and he is the word and if he is the word if Christ is the word the bride is also the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. He said you said I thought it was just a a a figment of God's thought. You thought that you were just a part of God thought but no church you're part of his genes. In other word, hallelujah. If God is eternal and you came from God, it means that you are eternal just as God is eternal. It means that if God was fighting a battle, h in heaven, it means that you are fighting that battle in God in heaven. It means that Hallelujah. If you defeat the enemy in heaven, oh my church, hallelujah, you will defeat him again. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. That is a figment of God thought. But you are in Hallelujah. is mine. Hallelujah. You're not just in his mind, but you are. Hallelujah. You are in the his very genes. You are his essence. You are his person. Oh my. That takes everything out of a church. Hallelujah. So here I'm saying to you now as we get down to a little bit of of the the meat on the bone side of it really you see only sons of God you know and and I'm using this you know these statements really to establish the thought only sons of God can manifest the full revelation of God. It's not given to angels really. Yeah. It's not given to animals or anything else. It was given to sons of God. And so all that God is. Hallelujah. And he poured it out. But when he poured it out, hallelujah, what was he doing? He was emptying himself that the sons of God would take the thought of God and manifest God. Amen. Hallelujah. So the bride of Jesus Christ, uh, hallelujah, she's a part of him, a part of his God, a part of his chains. She's a part of him. Hallelujah. Sons of God was given the world to manifest God the complete revelation of God. And so being a son of God, Hallelujah. You see when God created all his creation to to include the animals and the angelic forces and all of this. Hallelujah. God have an estate that each created being must occupy. In other word, that's their position for which they're created and they are not expected. They cannot proceed beyond that estate. For them to do that, it has to be a breach. There got to be a breach. Hallelujah. To step outside of that position in to step into a different position. Hallelujah. And so the position, hallelujah, that God has given you and I is a position by inheritance. Hallelujah church. Oh my. You have an inheritance in God. Hallelujah. An inheritance. Hallelujah. But put your position in God as a part of your creative and a part of your father. Hello. You came forth in his expression. You were the physical manifestation of your father. Hallelujah. That's your inheritance. And you know what? And the gates of hell cannot take that away from you. It cannot be taken away. Hallelujah. Amen. So we receive that. Sons of God, daughters of God. Hallelujah. Receive my inheritance. Hallelujah. Praise God. And we were given Hallelujah. the responsibility. Hallelujah. To manifest the will of your father. You see the will of God. Hallelujah. Hal is in God. In other word, the will of God is in himself. Are you there me church? And so in order for him to give he you the will, he has to give you that part of himself to manifest that part of his himself. In other words, hallelujah. What God was doing, God was revealing himself. Uh he was making himself known. Are you there with me church? But when he does that, the full revelation of him himself, he gave that by inheritance to sons and daughters of God. Hallelujah. And so when you see this the child of God, hallelujah, you're looking on the physical manifestation of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. So we we Hallelujah have received an inheritance. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see looking at the on the creation and this is just thing that we you know thing that we used to looking at the creation of God looking at the animal creation the that's that's an animalistic side of things you know said the animal that they have a body and they have a spirit but they don't have a soul the angelic being h they a soul and a spirit but they do not have a body there church But you and I church that takes the genes of God. Hallelujah. We have body, spirit and soul. In other word, hallelujah. We are trying you know in other word we can occupy three spaces at the same time. That sound crazy. But I can be here in this body and somewhere else. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why Paul could say hallelujah. Right now, tonight uh we are seated together in heavenly places in Christ. Hallelujah. I am present. Hallelujah. There with him. But yet I'm here in this mortal body. Church. There's great an understanding. Hallelujah. Of the mystery of God. But God has given to you and I. Hallelujah. Through all contents of this mystery to manifest. Hallelujah. sunship of God. And so the Bible said in Hebrews 1, that's Hebrews chapter 1, the Bible said, "God who at sun time and in diverse manner spoke in time pass unto the fathers by the prophet has in these last days spoken unto us by son, whom he appointed here of all things, to whom also, hallelujah, he made the hurt." Hallelujah. I'm trying to show you the position of sunship. Hallelujah. But by inheritance, hallelujah. The blessing belongs to the children of God. He said, who being the brightness of his glory and the express image of his person and above all things by the word of his power, when he by himself purged our sins, sat down at the right hand of the majesty on high. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Verse four, Bible said, "Being made so much better than the angel." Hallelujah. He has by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they. Hallelujah. In other words, church, I want to understand what Paul is doing. Paul is comparing. You see when we talk about angel being the thought is we are thinking about this great being with hessence and and and glories and all of that but church in the position as sunship uh your position of sunship uh elevate you way beyond that really hallelujah praise God hallelujah you're not just a little you know you know you as a little boy coming to church or anything like that but you are a sons of God you are daughter of God. You were made for the purpose to manifest God. So the Bible said in verse 5, "Unto which of the angels said he at any time, thou art my son, this day have I begotten thee? And again, I will be to him a father, and he shall be to me a son." And again, when he bringeth the first begotten into the world, he said, "And let all the angel of God worship him." Hallelujah. I'm deliberate in my statement tonight because I want you to understand that the enemy, Hallelujah, is out of position. He wants you to worship him. But church, he was created to worship the seed of God. Hallelujah. In other words, church, it's not above your head, it's under your feet. Hallelujah. You must walk upon him. The Bible said we walk upon serpent and had and your dragon we will put him under our feet. It's under your feet church. Satan is under your feet by way of a position of sunship. God hallelujah by the birth has elevated your position. Hallelujah. And the Bible said verse seven, "And the angel he said, who maketh his angels spirit and his ministers a flame of fire, but unto the son he said, thy throne, oh God, is forever and ever, a skeptor of righteousness is a skeptor of thy kingdom. Thou hast love righteousness and hate iniquity. Therefore, God, even thy God, has anointed thee with a high of gladness above thy fellows. And thou, Lord, in the beginning has laid the foundation of the hurt, and the heaven all the works of thine hands. They shall perish, but thou remainest. They shall h they all shall watch old and thus as dust a garment and has a vesture that thou shall fold them up. Hallelujah. They shall they shall be changed but thou art the same and thy hearers shall not fail. In other word church, the Bible said uh the grass witherth the flower fadeth but the word of God stands forever. Oh church, hallelujah. If it's not God's word, it stays and it continues for a while and it seem as though it's progressive. Hello. But church, it has an end to it. But the Bible said, "But only the word of God stands forever because the word of God is eternal." And if you are part of that word that put you right in the in the eternal position like God if you are born again with God word in your heart. Hallelujah. You're as eternal as God is and everything else pass away but God's word. Hallelujah. Verse 13, the Bible said, "But the which of the angel said he at any time, sit at my right hand until I made thy enemies thy foottool?" Paul responding, verse 14, he said, "Are they not all ministering spirit sent forth to minister for them who shall be here of salvation?" Oh my. Are you there at the church? In other words, they are not your leader. They're not in control of your life. But they are your servant. Hallelujah. That's why that's the reason why they were created to conduct service on behalf of the church on behalf of the seed of God. And so if they're not doing that, it means then that they're out of position. And if they're out of position, h anything they do, h it's against the word of God and it won't last. Hallelujah. Church, God is only known by revelation. He's only known by revelation. And he gave the complete revelation of himself by the word only to seal to sons of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. And we said who are a part of the genes. Hallelujah. Not angel. But he gave the complete revelation of himself to the sons who are part of this gene. Hallelujah. Not just a part of revelation. In other word, brother Benam said when God brought the angel into being. This was before the world was. He said the angel know him as God. They had a part of the revelation but not the complete revelation. They only know him as father. But church but you know him as redeemer. You know him as savior. You know him as provider. In other word, you get more of the revelation of God. Why? Because you're a sunship. Hallelujah. Put you in a position to know who God is. Amen. And the only way you can know who you are. You see, in a battle, you cannot go in a battle wondering who you are. You got to believe, hallelujah, that you are able, you're competent, you're reliable, you're able to take this enemy. And you must believe you must be able to defeat that enemy. If you go in a enemy in in a battle without without that confidence that the enemy will get you. But when you're confident, you know, it reminds me when I was back home as a law enforcement, you know, it was my joy really to walk in my uniform on the street. You know, I didn't need any backing. I didn't need anyone. I was in my uniform. And so when I walk, they said when you walking, you must walk bossy. You know, you lift your chest, your your hats shine, your shoes shine, and you walk slow. You don't walk fast really because you want everyone to know that, hey, the law is here. And when they see the law, everybody keep on running up and down. Everything fall perfectly in line. Why? Because, hallelujah, they recognize the authority that comes with the uniform. Oh church. Hallelujah. Listen, if you can recognize uh who you are, it doesn't matter what battle that Satan want to bring at your door, hallelujah, church, you cannot be defeated because the word of God declares that you're more than conqueror to him who have loved you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Are you there with me, church? So by faith church, the bride catches that revelation, hallelujah, of the perfect thought of God. Because you see what God wants, church, God want the bride to live by every word. Hallelujah. The the God wants you to know exactly what his perfect will is. Hallelujah. And so in order to do that, hallelujah, God will have to open the mystery. In other words, hallelujah. This hallelujah this gene of God this part of God cannot be a mystery to you. Hallelujah. It have to be been be known hallelujah that you can able to manifest it. You what I'm saying to you now? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so when he when we saw Adam had in the book of Genesis said hallelujah God gave him the title deed of redemption. said it was an abstract title deed. And he said, "What kind of title deed was that?" He said, "It was the title deed of the entire heart and of eternal life." Are you there, church? Hallelujah. And what type of deed was it he was able to do with that deed? You see, with that type of deed, he was able, hallelujah, to tap into the supernatural and see the perfect will of God and speak God's word. You know what the Bible said? that the enemy was in the garden of God. He was standing there with Adam having that ty and he was powerless. Hallelujah. Because when the world is in action, it cannot be stopped. There's no demon that can stop the world. So he held the world and the world was in flesh made manifested. You said how did Adam knew to call the the creation. Hallelujah. It did that because Hal was the part of the eternal source. He could speak the eternal word in its perfect context. And when God hear that word, God said, "Amen." Amen. Hallelujah. How you got me, church? Do you know it's rare when God said, "I am pleased." In Genesis, he was pleased. Uh when Jesus was here, he was pleased. Uh but church, but in your day, God will be made pleased again. Uh because the bride had have the word of God. And brother Brham said, "And she will be the final voice for the final huh. She have thus said the Lord." Uh she received the word of God. Hallelujah. Oh my. I never intended to to preach intended to preach to teach. I'm so sorry. Kind of run out of breath. Amen. Hallelujah. But that title deed. Hallelujah. If I can show you what it is, it's life. Hallelujah. It is the life source. In other word, hallelujah. As I use the illustration of the tree, where did the leaf come from? It was in the life source. Hallelujah. But let me tell you something that is beautiful. God knows every leaf that is in the source. Hallelujah. That is the power of his omniscency. By his omniscience, he's able to see all things. God knows all things. Amen. Hallelujah. And so he hand that book to Hadam. Hallelujah. And so Hadam had the mind of God and he could speak the perfect word. Hallelujah. And Hallelujah. You know one writer said, "And when Adam say the word, the word will go out of his mouth and there will flash like a lightning." Hallelujah. And it will create his desire. Oh church. Hallelujah. Praise God. I believe that title deed is being restored to the bride in the same time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So in this position, we could speak the eternal word right from the mind of God. And we say church that the thoughts of God are a reality. Now this is hard to explain. I'm trying to show you, hallelujah, that before a tree can bear a fruit, the creator of the tree know every fruit that the tree will be will will create. Hallelujah. And so if if the tree had a way of accepting that, hallelujah. That all that is in me will be made manifested. Hallelujah. Then the tree cannot be defeated. Why? because it has a source by which all it it eternal resources of understanding is coming from our church. Hallelujah. Do you know that we have received a voice from God uh that spoke from the eternities uh and he speaks the eternal things and church we have heard an eternal voice uh that speak the eternal word uh and we said this bride uh have eternity behind skin again. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's real and they are eternal and they hold the mystery of God. It's all the mystery of God. We stay a mystery if you are not a seed. But if you are seed, it's not a mystery. It's a reality. Hallelujah. Because we are called to step in that reality. Hallelujah. on anything else outside of that reality is not a reality. Hallelujah. The only reality is God's perfect word. Hallelujah. If we're able to see it. So God's divine nature, the perfect word, hallelujah, was the perfect word of God in him. Hallel that was made manifested alive by the spoken word. Hallelujah. And they were brought into manifestation by the sons of God, speaking them into existence in their season. Hallelujah. 1 Corinthian 2 and verse 9 the Bible said but as it is written eyes have not seen nor hears heard neither have it entered into the heart of man the things which God has prepared for them that love him but God has revealed them unto us by his spirit for the spirit searchth all things yeah the deep things of God. Sorry. For what? For what man knoweth the things of a man? Save the spirit of man which is in him. Even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. Are you there church? Hallelujah. And so we said to restore those hallelujah to whom it is written to. Hallelujah. Halle they will catch that word. Hallelujah. And listen church, it cannot be a mystery because you have received the spirit of God. And the spirit of God knows the mind of God revealed in your heart the perfect will of God. I I am I'm just emphasizing that that you see exactly. Hallelujah. That you're not defeated, that you're victorious. Hallelujah. And so church, I like to move a little bit higher if you can follow with me a little bit. Now we look on this life because but when I'm talk about the the book of of or uh the title deed that Adam had and so we look on life, we look on this mortal life and we look on the nature associating with this mortal life. Brother Benham said hallelujah life is precious to God and God inscribed it had a life in a book and all your walk all your journey hallelujah was already inscribed in the book of life are you there my church and so when you came into the world you came subjected to this mortal life hallelujah we came subjected to the conditions of this mortal life we're subjected uh we had to go school by myself going to school, you know. Hallelujah. We had to work. We we we when we sit, we go to the hospital. Hallelujah. But church, can can I catch your thought a little better? Look at this mortal life. Hallelujah. Look out unfolds because that's what it is. That's the mystery. Hallelujah. But life unfolds and all we do is just simply connect. In other words, hallelujah. You hear what I'm saying to you? I didn't know a month ago that I'll be standing at this pulpit. I didn't know that. Hallelujah. But a thought came and I connect with it. And here am I manifesting that part of it. Hallelujah. Brother John probably didn't know that he would would be an engineer when he was younger. Hallelujah. But as life unfolds, he connects with it. Are you there in me church? What am I trying to show you? That this mortal life all it produces, hallelujah, it's you. Is your story while you are here, the things you do, the things that happened to you. Oh my. Hallelujah. Sometime you get sick, sometime you get hungry, sometime you end up in the hospital, you know, and like myself, like my good friend brother Bob, you know, brother Bob is getting a little bit older, you know. Brother Bob couple years ago didn't imagine himself, you know, getting this old, but here he is, you know, but life unfolds him to that position. And you know what brother Bob did? He just stepped right into it. Hallelujah. Watch it, church. It is life by nature unfolds and as it unfolds you step into it and as you step into it it becomes a reality to you. Hallelujah. But let me tell you about another life somewhere. Hallelujah. Brother said and when you come in contact with Christ, God transfer you from the from the book of life and God put your name in the lamb's book of life. Hallelujah. In other word, oh my, they ask me why I'm different. But here the reason why I come from God, another life, from another world, from another nature, has entered. Are you there me church? And what am I doing? I'm unfolding. Hallelujah. And as he as he reveal I unfold and I'm walking in the perfect walk of God. And brother Bam said keep on walking, keep on rejoicing, keep on shouting, keep on jumping because one day you'll walk all the way to eternity. Lord, our journey starts here. Our eternal life starts here. Hallelujah. And so as you walk, it become more real. But but said, but as you walk, there's a groaning that is taking place on the inside because life from another world has entered in. And Lord, the Bible said, "And as you walk, you grown and you grown." Why? Because you're calling for more of God. But if you're calling for more of God, there's more of God somewhere, church. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. The reason why you're calling for it because there's somewhere more of God and God give you a little tips of it. And every now and then when you feel sick and you go down on your knees, what you're doing, you're connecting back with your eternal source because you know by in that state you cannot be sick. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Life from another world has entered in. Hallelujah. God's divine nature and what God is doing. Hallelujah. God is rewriting your script. God is rewriting your life. Hallelujah. You said brother Godfield, what happened to my journey here? Because I'm still in this mortal bodies. Hallelujah. But brother Bham said what God did when he transferred you from this mortal life and he wrote your name and the lamb's book of life. Brother said God justify you. Hallelujah. In other word for this journey for all your endeavor for all your battlesh for all your conflict the hind the sea of God's forgetfulness never more to be remembered. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. They say, "Abraham, did not you lie? Sarah, did not you laugh? Show me the record. Here is my Bible." It was that record. Because in God's lamb's book of life, there's no weakness. There's no defeat. There's no sickness. There's no Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. We struggle here. Hallelujah. In this mortal bodies, but we feel the pull. Hallelujah. Something from another world. It's calling my name. He said, "Child, you belongs to me." And I'm saying, I'm responding. I said, "Papa, I recognize that voice." Hallelujah. And he's saying, "Son, h you're more than able to do the impossible. You're more than able to overcome. You're more than able to achieve the maximum." Why? Because I am standing by you. I'm standing by your side. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. You're there with me, church. Amen. Let me watch the time. Hallelujah. And so, hallelujah. You see, the God we serve is a wonderful God. You see, hallelujah. To ensure what I'm saying to you this evening, to ensure that your victory is sure. To ensure, hallelujah, that you're not defeated. Hallelujah. What God did, Hallelujah. It did not stay in heaven while you fighting the battle. Holler ear and hurt. But what he does church, he descended. Because listen, if his son is in the battle, hallelujah, he got to come get up get into the same battle and God and you will have to join forces because you see the opposition you're dealing with is very cunning. H and he knows a heart of war. Hallelujah. But our God knows a heart of victory. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. And so he had to descend church. Hallelujah. And see you what I'm saying to you now. Oh my. Revelation 12 and verse 7. Hallelujah. The Bible said, "And there was war in heaven. And Michael and his angel fought against the dragon. And the dragon fought against fought and his angel and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out. That old serpent called the devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth. and his angel were cast out with him. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now is salvation. Now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser, call it." That's what I want to preach on the next time. That that accuser the accuser of our brethren is cast down which accused them before our God day and night. Hallelujah. When the Bible said, "And they overcame by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony, and they love not their lives unto death." Hallelujah. Praise God. So now I'm saying church. Hallelujah. Now you understand why it is necessary. Hallelujah. For you to win this war. Hal, you got to know where your victory is at that your victory is in the word. And the word that you're standing on is eternal. Hallelujah. And that God didn't just give you a Bible word that you walk with an empty Bible walking. No. What God did, God take it from the pages and put the word in your flesh. So you become a walking epistle, a living victory. In other word, if this word cannot be defeated, brotherham said, in every instance when Satan challenged the word, he's defeated. Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh my. So the war that started in heaven, the Bible said, "Woe unto the inhabitants of the hurt, for the accuser, your enemy has descended unto the hurt having great wrath, knowing that his time is short." Hallelujah. Praise God. And so Ephesians 6 and verse 11, the Bible said, hallelujah, put on the old armor of God that you be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers. Hallelujah. Against rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Hallelujah. Church, when they were cast out of heaven, where did they go? Hallelujah. They're heavywhere. Demons are heavywhere. They inoculate the atmosphere. They're in the school. They're in the church. They're in the politics. They're in the rumbar. They're everywhere. Church, hallelujah. The demons from hell. They have inoculated. Hallelujah. And so the Bible call them the prince of the power of the hear. Are you there, my church? Why? What are they doing? They are suppressing us. Hallelujah. You you feel sometime you pray and nothing happened. What is happening? Because of the war, because of the demonic power and the demon demonic influences. But church, I have news for you that your prince Michael has descended to fight your battles for you. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Spoiled principalities and powers. That's what they are. Hallelujah. They have lost their first estate and they came here to the act of deception and the whole the whole world into captivity. Hallelujah. until brother said when man fell into that state of sin it was impossible to get back to God. Hallelujah. And with all the demonic forces that are acting upon you and I. Hallelujah. In other words, the battle is sore. The battle is real. It seem as though there's no victory to this. Hallelujah. But let me tell you church. Hallelujah. I tell you this evening, hold on a little bit further. The battle is long, but the Bible said, "Though you go to the water, it will not overflow you. Though you go to the fire, it will not burn you." Are you there, my church? He told David told him in the Psalms, he said, "Be still and know that I am God. I be exalted among the heathen. I be exalted in the hurt." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we get excited again? Oh my. Now you hear what I'm saying to you now. Hallelujah. We are here and hurt and it feel like we are solid by darkness. We are solid by a dark reality. But let me tell you tonight, hallelujah. That in heaven, hallelujah, beyond the throne barriers of these angelic forces in heaven, the word is already settled. Hallelujah. Your victory is already settled in heaven. Are you there church? All it need is a conveyance. Somebody to come down from heaven and whisper in my ears about my victory. Are you there church? I need a word from God. I need to hear about my victory. Hallelujah. Because if I can only hear about it, then Satan won't can't stop you again. So your victory is there. But I am here, brother John. How do I be become victorious? I need to get my victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. We saw in Daniel 9 Daniel 9 or 10. You can overlap that. You can read more chapters. It speaks of the same thing. But Daniel, hallelujah, was in a stirration. Rebound spoke about it. They were taken captive into into the land of Babylon there. And Daniel, it was close to the time where Daniel need a word from God. I need to hear something from God. Hallelujah. And so Daniel set his heart in prayer. And while Daniel was praying and he started the first day, nothing happened. Church. Oh my. Hallelujah. When he start the second day, nothing happened. Hallelujah. Daniel could have gotten frustrated and walk away, but he stays strong. And for 21 days, he was praying. Hallelujah. For 21 days, he was praying. Hallelujah. And Daniel 10 and verse 19, the Bible said when Gabriel was conveying the message to Daniel, the Bible said, and it said, "Oh man, great to be beloved, fear not. Peace be unto you. Be strong. be, he said, be strong. Yay, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was threatened. And said, let my Lord speak, for thou hast threatened me. Then said, he knows thou therefore I come unto thee. Now I will return to fight with the prince of Persia. And when I'm gone forth, lo the prince of Gersia of Greca shall come. Verse 21. I want you to mark verse 21. He said, "But I will show thee that which is noted in the scripture." He needed a voice. He needed a word. And so Gabriel came, hallelujah, and brought a word to him. Where was that word coming from? It was coming from the eternal source. How you doing my church? No wonder Paul said God at sund times and in diverse manners has spoken to the fathers but in these days is speaking by Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Because church what we need is not an angel to come down from heaven and to give us a word when the time requires it. No church, what we need is a connection to the eternal source that when you go through your trouble, you're connected. You can hear from God. Are you there, my church? And you're not left alone. And you're confident in that. You're confident that your source that is in heaven is in you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. After the Bible, brother, the message beginning and ending of the gentile dispensation, he said, "And at that time, Michael Shan, the great prince, Michael was Christ, of course, is a who fought fought the angelic war in heaven with the devil. Satan and Michael fought together fought against each other rather and at that time he said as many as were found written in the book was delivered and those who had done righteousness hallelujah they were delivered church. So let me tell you now, hallelu in this battle, Michael. Hallelujah. Your prince. Hallelujah. He He came down. Hallelujah. And And who was he? He is the word of God. Are you there with me, church? And he came down with the word to give the bride. Hallelujah. To help her in her battle. Hallelujah. Praise God. You better said that Christ is her head. Hal the complete revelation of the world in the end time. Hallelujah. He did not send an angel but Christ the word has stepped down. Hallelujah. Christ himself has stepped down. Hallelujah. We're getting there. Getting close to the end now. Hallelujah. And so what I'm saying church that your headship hallelujah Christ has stepped down. Hallelujah. What to do to sit upon the body? Brother said that the body was identified in his resurrection. Hallelujah. He said that when the head came from the grave, the body also came from the grave. In other word, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He did not allow the body to be subjected to the will of the enemy. But hallelujah. But Michael your head has stepped down to do what? To fight for this battle for this body. Are you getting me the church? Christ is here. Michael is here. Hallelujah. And what is he doing? He's given the bride the word. And she's hearing from the eternal source. And she's having faith in the eternal things of God. Brother said in the message Christ the mystery of God. Hallelujah. He said the kingdom of God is within you said the Bible Jesus the kingdom. We are not a denomination. We belong to a kingdom and the kingdom is the word of God made spirit and life in our own life. He said, "Bringing to pass every promise in this day." He said, "As it did that day when the word and God was one." And he said, "And the word and God is one in the church today, making it the etip of the body that it redeem to bring the message in the last day and to be taken up from the dead in the resurrection to go, hallelujah, and will restore again as Adam and He in the beginning in the garden of Heeden. said the three-fold mystery of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. His body, he said, "Oh my, Hallelujah. We're coming down to a closure now." Listen what I'm saying to you. Hallelujah. You see, we saw the headship, the world came down three times in the full manifestation of himself. We saw the word, the complete word, hallelujah, came down in the book of Genesis when Adam was here. Hallelujah. And when the word descended, it descended for one purpose. The word was descended to be made flesh and to operate through the agency of flesh. Hallelujah. We saw the word was made flesh again in Jesus time. The complete revelation of God. Hallelujah. But church, hallelujah, can we rejoice tonight? Hallelujah. To take us out of here. Hallelujah. God, Revelation 10:1. The word, hallelujah, has descended. Why did he come? He come to take control of your flesh. God will dwell in you to do what? To fight the battle. It's not fighting the battle out there. It's fighting the battle from here. The word is in you. Hallelujah. And if the word is in you, tell me who can stand against you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Bam said in the message junction of time is infinite. He said he's infinite. He's God. He's omn omnipotent of the om of the present omniscient. You see he knows all things. He's all wisdom all and all time is a covers all space all power is infinite. And if he isn't that he said he's not God. And if he isn't almighty God, he said if he can't do all thing, he's not almighty God. But if he's almighty God, he can do all things. So that's the way we have to believe him. Oh church. Hallelujah. The infinite God is here. Are you there, church? And what is he doing? He's taking us back to the eternal thing, back to himself. that when we read the word that's why he had to send a prophet in the same time because we by oursel could not read the mystery of God. Hallelujah church is no longer a mystery. We are not reading a mysterious book but we are reading a book of reality. We are reading the the reality of what God say about us. Oh we will fight. Oh we will overcome. Oh we are not defeated. Hallelujah. And at the end of it all, the bride will take possession. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. So under heaven, hallelu, we are fighting, but church, hallelujah, but there's a word that God has placed in our heart. Hal, I'll just take one more quote and then we finish. Hallelujah. And I want you to get this. Hallelujah. In the message, Hallelujah. Uh the uh Israel by himself preached 1954. Brother Bam said God wanted to show you how can I point at you. He said God wanted to show you by his counsel. He wanted it. He confirmed it by an oath that you would not have any reckless um term about it. He said now watch here. He said by two immutable thing in which hal it is impossible for God to lie. He said that we may have a strong a strong consolation. Hallelujah. Who have fled for refuge who lay hold upon the hope that is set before us. He said it's absolutely impossible for God to lie. You know why God can't lie? Because when God speak, God is looking within himself and God seen the action before it happened. So when God tell you about it, God foreseen it. Are you there me church? And if God say you're victorious, God can't lie. Because God already see your victory. Are you there church? If God say you are healed, you're already healed. Why? Because God saw that in himself. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're not defeated. So said by two little thing it was impossible for God to lie. He said it's absolutely impossible for God to lie. He said that's the one thing. He said is that right now it's impossible for God to lie. He said two of them two immutable things. These are your two mutable things. He said first it's impossible for God to lie. Now the next thing is he said that God himself that can't lie and and he said and to make it perfect he said he swore by it my he said amen and he would confirm it with an oh what a great listen church too immutable thing it's impossible for God to lie hallelujah because God when he says it to you God knows the hand as it were from the beginning. He sees the hand and when he speaks the head, hallelujah, he speak the word and the word creates because that's the creative power and the authority of God's word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. It's impossible for God to lie. Too immutable thing. Are you there with me, church? It's impossible for God to lie. In closing tonight, hallelujah. You see, the trials of our faith that they're not here to push you under, but the trial of your faith is sent forth to mature you. Hallelujah. You see, listen what I'm saying to you. There are things about yourself that you don't even know. There are potential that you possess that you don't even know until you are put in the situation. How? Are you there me church? You see, God chose you for this. Above all the angel, God chose you for this because God hallelujah sees the potential and God want to manifest it. But listen, but how could he do it? How could he manifest it if there's no reason to call for it? And so what he does, he put the seed in time and subject that seed to conditions. Are you there me church? Knowing exactly that all it take is just a consciousness of the reality that I can. By God's grace, I can. By God's will, I can. Are you there, church? Hallelujah. There's no defeated children. God's children are all victorious. Hallelujah. By God's grace, we are called overcomers. Hallelujah. And so all that you are, all that you'll ever be when you receive that new birth, your victory is already in your seed. Your overcoming is already there. Your healing is already in you. All it takes is a reality is a is a is a wake up an awakening to the reality. Are you there church? Oh my. That's why the enemy is is is presenting himself as if he's strong because in our minds we are wondering can God do it? What what is the result? Should I should I should I venture there? Hallelujah. There's so much uncertainty. Oh my, you know, every time I think about this, I remember, you know, myself talking to brother Joe, you know, brother Joe, we said that man, you know, there's so many uncertainties along in this business sometime, you know, so many things will happen along the way, but you know what? Hallelujah. But give him two weeks after or so he come back cuz oh brother, I don't know, but God work it out. Iate the church. Oh church, uh you don't know tonight. Uh you don't have to know when how but you know one thing but the God in whom you're trusting in if you can put your trust in him and walk with your victory. Don't put your head under your shoes but walk with your head high because you're a son of God and your God will stand for you. Hallelujah. You're not defeated, but you are a child of God. And God have already put your victory inside of you. Hallelujah. What are you afraid of? You're afraid of the enemy. You're afraid of dying. You're afraid of the sword. Brother Bam said, Hallelujah. When God gave him the sword and and Sabina cannon, brother Bam said, hallelujah. And when he saw the king's sword, brother Bon said, it's going to take a strong of faith to do what? to push it in the heart of the enemy. But God has given you a strong arms of faith to do what church to challenge this enemy to push the sword of the world to defeat this enemy. You're more than conqueror to him who have loved you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I I didn't have this quote but the scripture but you can bring it. First Peter uh uh 4 and verse 12. The Bible said, "Beloved, think it not strange concern the fire trial which is to try you. Although some strange things is is not strange thing is God's perfecting your character. God want to bring out more of himself. And so when he's subjected, he's watching you. Come out." Hallelujah. He's watching your action. Hallelujah. Are you going to back off? Are you going to run away? But sons of God, you don't run away in battle. You stand your ground and you fight uh with all your might and you believe in the God in whom you're trusting in. He cannot fail because he is God. What are you worrying about? Well, the enemy will get you. Hallelujah. If he get you, he'll get you a long time. Hallelujah. If if he's going to kill you, he'll kill you a long time. I I I'm I'm just a a record of that really. The enemy does everything in trying to kill me. But here am I still standing today. I'm singing my song of victory. Hal I'm sing hallelujah. I'm still singing victory in Jesus my savior forever. He bought me and he he sought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me here. I know it. Hallelujah. And all my joy is Hallelujah. I don't Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He plunged me into victory beneath the plunge the crimson floor. Hallelujah. So the Bible say don't think some strange things is happening to you. God is perfecting you. Take your mind off the the the conflict and look on the victory because somewhere in the midst of that God promise is going to come through. He promised is going to come through church. Hallelujah. But verse 13 said, "But rejoice in as much as ye are partakers of Christ suffering, that when his glory shall reveal, he may be glad also with exceedingly joy. But if he re if he be reproached by the name of Christ, happy are he, for the spirit of glory and of God rest upon you." Hallelujah. And on their part is he spoken of but on your part he is glorified. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you tonight. Thank you for listening belove. Hallelujah. But church we are not defeated. This bride hallelujah. She's a part of God and he has descended to fight your battles for you. And by his grace we can. And by his grace we will. God bless you tonight. Enjoy that. I always enjoy that's great. What it does for me. It just continues to remind me that by the grace of God I have representation before the throne of God. And we can all say that by the grace of God. Let's stand. 30. No. Is it either 390 or 309? Who I am. Let's sing that. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. Praise the Lord. What a victory. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. And he made my heart his very throne. Amen. Praise the Lord. Your mind. Yes. Praise the Lord. That now I [Music] live to praise his name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my [Music] Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Praise the Lord. On Calary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The King of Kings became my savior. Amen. This is God's great victory. Amen. Praise the Lord. That Christ and I might be made one. Amen. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my Savior. Praise the Lord. A part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free. And he made my heart. His very throne. My life is no longer mine. Praise the Lord. Amen. And now praise the Lord to praise his name. Amen. Oh, who I am, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. I can't see now who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Amen. Who I am. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Just got a note from brother Paul. The fire is majorly knocked down in intensity. The water bombers are getting it all under control. Thanks to everybody for praying and thank the Lord. Amen. It's the God we serve. Praise the Lord. Amen. 657. We've been made more than conquerors. We've been made more than [Music] coner overs in this life. Amen. We made [Music] victorious. Amen. Through the blood of Jesus Christ, we made more than coner, overcomeers in this life. Hallelujah. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made more than coner overs in this life. Amen. Praise the Lord. Victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Christ. Amen. Break every chain. Can you get that? 1264, I think it is. Yeah. 1264. There's an army rising up. There's power in the name of Jesus. Amen. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Hey, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's an army. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. There's an army rising up. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's an army riseing up. Amen. Praise the Lord. There's an army rising up. His [Music] advising God. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There's power. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Amen. There's an army. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. There's an Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing uh let's sing I'm going to make it 1263 I think. 1263. Amen. If you believe that tonight we're going to make it by the grace of God because he has given us representation before the throne. So the the real me is not here. The real me is over there before the throne. And he's looking about my face. I'm looking around his face and one day, one day that'll be made real to us all by the grace of God. Amen. I ask brother Chad to close in prayer. And I remember to pray for all the needs that were mentioned tonight, but uh remember sister Blanca, Sister Selena leaving tomorrow. So God be with them as they travel. And Sister Rebecca's home is sick. So, we want to remember her and thank the Lord for what he's done for brother Paul and sister Kim. Amen. And just keep praying for them. Amen. And God bless brother Garfield. May God restore his strength to him and continue to lift the veil that he might see more because when the ministry sees more, the same with brother John. Then by grace, we'll see more as well. Amen. God's pattern speaking to the ministry and then the ministry to his his children. So let's remember the ministry in prayer and uh I know brother John mentioned I didn't mention it be before the service but uh uh there was you know they had some sickness in the family as well you know colds and whatever uh because there's lots of colds and whatever is going around. So that's why we pray one for another. Amen. Well, let's go with this on our hearts and I'm going to make it because he already said that I would. Amen. He already wrote our names in that book of life. Amen. Let's sing it and we brother channel close. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. Thank you, Lord. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Amen. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. I going to make it through. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. Amen. I Hallelujah. Praise the Lord that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it. Let's sing it one more time. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. Amen. I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Praise the Lord. [Music] Lord, I thank you, Father God, that you give us a spirit that just don't quit. You give us a spirit that keeps fighting on even though the battle is hard and times are tough and all the things we go through in life. Lord, we thank you for a word as our brother preached tonight. Lord that shows us the battle but also shows us the victory. Lord, I thank you for my battles. I thank you for every trial, every hard time, Lord. And I sit here and give you praise, Lord. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Father. I pray Lord that the words of this sermon tonight touch us something deep inside and break something open Lord that we could really see the truth Lord behind those statements. Not just to understand it in knowledge Lord but to feel it deep down in our soul that you may take your place Lord on the abode of our hearts Father God that we may see that true victory and walk towards it Lord. move us past a place of trying into a place of position. Lord, Father, lead us. I pray for Brother John, Lord, our pastor. I I pray that you continue to unfold revelation in his heart. Lord, as brother Bob said, that we may see more, Lord. I said, if we want more, there must be more of you. Lord, we want more tonight. Lord, we're not satisfied with the status quo. You said there would be a church, Lord. I pray that we are that church, Lord. Father, whatever it is we got to do, Lord, bring the revelation. Bring the word, Lord. Thank you for brother Garfield, Lord, and his dedication to your word. Lord, we thank you for him. Thank him for putting himself aside, Lord, and allowing you to speak through him tonight. Lord, touch him in a special way. restore any virtue that has left them, Lord. Father, we pray for Sister Blanca and Sister Selena. And we pray that your angels go all around them, Lord. Whatever sickness, whatever demon, whatever try to hinder them, Lord, we pray that your angels go and stand right beside them. Thank you for the fires, Lord, that you you redirected them and put them out, Lord. We pray for Brother Paul and Sister Kimley as well, Lord, and their little family. bless them Lord in a special way and all others on the prayer list Lord Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music]
