################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - 20250709 - The Token Life Pt 66 - Absolute Power Pt 9 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-10
Title:    20250709 - The Token Life Pt 66 - Absolute Power Pt 9 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TcmclYftFI
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HksM9cJnkojJCy5zgCth7ecqOY2yC_Ak/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you [Music] Heat. Heat. All that I am. Let's dance. All that I am. All I shall live [Music] be cannot repay the love debt I owe. I surrender to thee. All that I have and all that I am, all I shall live behind. [Music] I owe I surrender to thee. Thank you, Lord. All that I have and all that I am, all I shall live beh You cannot repay the love debt I own. I surrender to thee. One more time. Thank you, Lord. All that I am and all that I am. All I shall live be. You cannot repay the love date I own. I surrender to thee. Let's sing. I don't have the number, but the when I come into his presence, maybe that's not there. Okay. When I come into his presence, I humble myself, lift up both my hands, and I begin to worship him. [Music] I worship him when I come into his presence. I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. So I'll praise him. Amen. Praise you, Lord. I praise him for all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's come for all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free. And because Just because he's gone. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. I worship him. Hallelujah. When I come into his presence, I humble myself, remembering what he's done and all the victories he's won. So I praise him and thank you, Lord. I praise him for all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. Because just because he's God for all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free Because just because he's gone for all he's done for me, redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's come and glory, thank you, Lord. I want to welcome everyone here this evening. Want to remember brother Dale, continue to keep him in prayer. I trust he's doing well. Uh I haven't heard any new reports, but just continue to pray for him and for Sister Lorie Snow. Uh, Brother David mentioned some prayer requests for some friends of his in his apartment building and his nephew. Grace to to those and for sister Cordella, brother Nelson Guy. I want to keep them in prayer, brother John as he ministers the word tonight. We just uh asking the Lord to move again. Uh let's let's sing that again and I'll ask brother Grant here. Can I see him? No. Okay. Ask brother Vel to open a word of prayer. Yeah, we're going to sing that one more time. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. [Music] I lift up both my hands. Thank you, Lord. And I begin to worship him. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I worship him. Thank you, Lord. When I come into his presence, I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. I thank you, Lord. Glory to your name. Amen. I praise him for all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. Because just because he's [Music] dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for one more opportunity to come here and listen to your word, Lord. Now we pray to you Lord to help us move out of your way in this service. Lord please make a move in our hearts. Lord help us to listen Lord what you have for us. Lord help us to receive it. Lord help us to praise you Lord. We pray to you Lord for your presence amongst us and with us Lord. We love you Lord. We pray to you for brother Dale Sister Lorie Snow. Lord please bless each and everyone according to their need. Lord please bless brother John too. Lord may you have a free flow through him. Lord anoint us Lord to receive your word. Lord help us to catch what you want to speak to us. Lord help us to make it ours. Lord we pray to you for your perfect will to be done in our life. Lord help us to surrender. Lord we love you and we praise you. Welcome you in this service Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Let's sing 725 Shout to the Lord. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to embrace the wonders of your mighty [Music] love. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Oh my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. that every breath all that I am never cease to worship you shout to the Lord all ye earth let us sing power and majesty praise to to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roll at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you forever. Wherever I stand, nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Glory my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your might. Jesus my glory. Oh my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, oh that I am never cease to worship. [Music] Shout to the Lord all ye earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. My Jesus my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Oh tower of reuge and strength [Music] let every breath and all that I am never cease to work champ you shout to the Lord all the earth let us [Music] Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. [Music] [Applause] I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Shout to the Lord. Shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing of power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing confess to the promise I have in you. Amen. Let's sing 583. Give thanks. [Music] Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the Holy One. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Glory. Thank you, Lord. The Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. [Music] Thank you, Lord. because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Thank you, Lord. And now let the weak say I am strong. The poor see I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Give thanks with grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given chore his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say, "I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks." Amen. Glory. Let's sing a 640. You are my hiding place. [Music] You are my hiding placement. You always fill my heart with songs of deliverance. Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in you. I will trust in you. Let the weak say I am strong in the strength of the Lord. You are my hiding place. You always fill my heart with songs loved in liance. Whenever I am a trust in you, I will trust in you. Let the weak say I am strong in the strength of blood. Let's stand together. You are my hiding place. You always fill my heart with songs of deliverance. Whenever I am afraid, I will trust in you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I will trust in you. Let the weak say I am strong in the strength of the I will trust in you. I will trust in you [Music] and I will trust in you. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Let the weak say I am strong in the strength of the Lord. I will trust in you. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Lord, that we have a place of rest this evening. Lord, that when all comes falling down around our ears, everything seems out of control, Lord. When our strength fails, our will fails, our discipline goes away. Lord, when we can see no way through, Lord, we can trust in you, Lord. the everpresent one, the great I am, the mighty conqueror, our deliverer, our shield, our buckler, Lord, our helmet, our sword. Lord, you are our everything. You all are. You are all that we have need of this evening, heavenly father. Lord, how we thank you for it, Lord. Pray that you would just take this service once again, Lord. We give it into your hands, Lord. Not seeking to control or constrain or conform, Lord, but to just let your spirit have liberty this evening to speak into our lives, each one, Lord. We give it into your hands, trusting you in all these things. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Colossians chapter 1. Appreciate that with the musicians. Amen. You can see we've got some changes that have been happening over time and you've seen brother Joe's been up here song leading now for the last few months and then sister Priscilla taking the service and so what we're seeing here is a slow transition and just just to make it clear to the church that these are these transitions have come up because the musician and the song leader have come to me. I haven't come to Sister Moren and said Moren that's it. We've had enough of all your mistakes. We've recognized them as much as you do now and it's too many. We haven't said that. And brother Bob, I haven't gone to them and said, "Brother Bob, you're just too old. You serve too long." They haven't done anything like that. They have come to me and they have said, "Brother John, I'm ready to start laying some things down." And so, we want to respect them. We want to honor them. We want to thank you both. You're not gone yet, but we thank you. It's very special to see 43, sorry, 40 40 45 years from brother Bob and 12 years of Sister Moren. Maybe not so grand, but it's been grand. Amen. And Sister Moren certainly has has done more than just play the piano. She's had a real spirit of worship as well, and we know that. But I thank you both from the bottom of my heart. You're not done. You're not gone. And we're not pushing you out. But we just want to recognize them as we see this transition happening. how much we appreciate them and their spouses that have helped us support. Brother Mark sitting back there by himself so lonely and afraid so many times and and she's not there to help them and sister Brenda sitting there alone many times and you know it's it's a it's a time that's lost. It takes time to study. It takes time to pray and practice and all these things. So there's a real sacrifice that goes with that. So, God bless you both in that. And God bless Brother Joe and Sister Priscilla as they transition into this. And and with all things, they are not tied to it. We do not hold them to it. It is of their own free will that they do it. And we're trusting the Lord to bless it. And if somehow God would provide us with another one. I know Brother Joe would perhaps love to go back to the base. And maybe Sister Priscil would love to sit back there and just be able to raise those big hands of those big long arms of hers and just praise the Lord as she would desire. But we'll see what the Lord would have. But for now, that's the way it's transitioning. And so, we trust the Lord in that. But that's not the end. If the Lord would Terry, we've got other musicians coming up behind him. We've got Sister Elsa on the strings, and we've got Levi on the guitar, and Jensen on the guitar, and we've got Sister Lydia, not to well, she's ahead really, I guess, on the on the piano, and these different things, and and Gabriel on the drums, if we could ever get up courage to have drums in the church. We have people coming and the Lord provides as we have need of. So, we're trusting that he has met the need we have now. And we'll see what he would have as we move into the future. Amen. We want him, we want the spirit of God to have freedom here, the Holy Spirit to have freedom in the church. And he places in the body those that we have need of. And so we thank him for that which we have. Amen. It's not about a big show anyways. It's about the simplicity of humble obedience to the spirit and to take your gifts and put them into his hands. So appreciate each one that's doing that. Amen. Have patience for our new song leader. Have patience for our new piano player. They will not be as polished as brother Bob and sister Moren. That's just the way it is. Amen. But we've got to have patience and grace for them. Amen. So, God bless you all and let's certainly encourage them as they go along that that that we appreciate their their sacrifice and their effort. Amen. Want to also say that Sister Amanda is leaving tomorrow to go back to BC. We wanted to thank her for coming our way. We've had a wonderful time. Uh I would give her a five-star review. I think I've gained three lbs in the seven days she's six days she's been here because she brings donuts and pastries and and cookies and cake and all these things. She knows how to make herself welcome. She knows how to be a blessing and get a blessing at the same time. So, we thank the Lord for that. God bless you. Sister Amanda, please take our greetings back to uh your family and to the church there. Brother Joshua Moy is the pastor. I've only met him once, but just pass on our greetings to him and our friends we have there as well. Amen. I've got a testimony this evening if that's okay. as I've shared over the pulpit at that time uh in February where I backed into a a vehicle in the snowstorm and it was just a dumb thing and it shouldn't have happened and a you know a bad weather conditions and these things and I was really kicking myself but it was an opportunity that came out of that to to testify about why I I went and I followed up and I searched that woman down until I got her and I and I paid obviously the insurance ended up paying for her car and it so changed her. She was on social media trying to figure out who did this. it was going to cost her $2,000 out of pocket, money she didn't have, single mom, these different things. And so when I reached out to the police to say, "Hey, I haven't heard from this person. Has there been a report? Can you put me in contact?" They passed it on. And she was so thankful for that. But deep down in my heart, the the the uh fiscal responsibility that is inside me was saying, "This one's going to hurt because you know the way things are today. If they can raise your rates for anything, they'll raise it." And I knew my renewal was coming up. And so I I I was cringing and I didn't want to look at at my renewal rates. And I went on yesterday or the day before and I found they were down 10%. Which doesn't happen at all. But what it is is that I had never before put on accident forgiveness and last year was the first time I put it on for some reason. And so it didn't cost me a penny. In fact, my rates went down by 10% for being a continuing customer. So praise the Lord for that. I say that in the end I got to be a testimony to show what a Christian does when they do something that's going to hurt them and yet they still do the right thing. Testify to this lady that I was a pastor. She knows about the church and these different things. The Lord knows if she'll ever walk through those doors. But I say, Lord, I'm thankful that you covered me and you allowed me to go through that without taking a hit. So I say, God bless God. I thank God for his grace. Amen. All right. Colossians chapter 1. This evening, we read this last service. We're going to continue this thought. It says, "And he," speaking of Christ as the head of the body, the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats again this evening. We're continuing our thought on on the token life. And we're speaking again about absolute power. And really what we're talking about now is headship. And uh we'll focus on that more throughout the service. We won't so much get into the mind of Christ just yet. But we have to realize that headship is realizing you can't lead yourself and get heavenly results. Amen. We can lead ourselves and we can get results, but we can't get the kind of results that we're looking for and believing for. Amen. We're incapable of doing that. And we finished with this quote last time where brother said, "See, what the world calls great, God calls foolish. And what the world calls foolish, God calls great." He says, "That's right. So don't mind to be called foolish." He says, "Because remember, you can't have the mind of Christ and the mind of the world at the same time." He says, "You can't be in your way and God's way at the same time. You have to get out of your own way to let God have his way." Now, that is a conscious choice. He didn't say God has to move you out of your way. He says you've got to get yourself out of your way. You've got to buckle up and say, "Lord, I am stepping aside so that you can have the free reign in my life." That's a conscious decision. Amen. You have to get out of your own way to let God have his way. He says, "And that's the only way you're ever going to do anything. You've got to get away from your own thoughts and your own reasons." He says, "Don't try to reason. Just believe." He's saying to get out of your way, you've got to lay down everything you know and just step into the word and say, "I believe by faith." And that's it. Don't try to explain it. It's not going to be explainable. If you've ever had God do something in your life, you realize so many times you can't explain how it all worked out and it just worked out. And that's what he's asking us to do. Amen. And I want to take this this this thought forward this morning because I want a life that reflects what he's talking about here. Amen. This is the kind of life I want where I can get out of my way and when I get out of my way, I get out of God's way and then God can start to work in my life. Amen. Would you say that's your heart's desire this evening? That the Lord would have his way in your life this evening. Well, I'll tell you, if he says there's a way, then we've got to have a way. Amen. We've got to know that there's a way. And God doesn't leave us helpless in these situations. And Paul would talk about the heroes of the faith in the book of Hebrews in the 11th chapter. And he would say of Moses, he said, "By faith, Moses when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter." Choosing, this was a choice. Wasn't happen stance. It just happened to be. It says, "Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for how long? A season." See, it's always temporary. Sin is always temporary. If I can say it this way, you understand what I mean. It's good for a while, but in the end, it's not very good, and it's only going to take you to a certain point. Amen. But notice here, Paul says that Moses chose, he made a conscious decision. Amen. He laid down his opportunity to be great in Pharaoh's court. He was Pharaoh's grandson. Amen. He could have been a great man in Egypt. He had a natural advantage by being adopted into the family of Pharaoh. But he took a harder road. He took a harder road. Why? Because something had changed his values. Something had changed his thinking, his approach. And it said this, esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt. Reproach is greater than all the treasures of Egypt. That makes no sense, does it? But watch why he saw it as riches. It says, "For he had respect under the recompense of the reward." Putting that into plain language, it means that he was looking forward to what he was going to gain rather than the hardships before the gain. In other words, what came after the hardship was worth the hardship. And what he could take to avoid the hardship would never exceed that what he was going to get if he would go the harder road. Remember, brother Brandham had that that interpretation in tongues that was given by the UN interpreter. And remember what the angel of the Lord said. He says, "Because thou hast chosen chosen the harder way." There's something that has changed the way you think, the way you approach things, and it takes you down the harder road. But the harder road has a greater reward at the end. And Moses saw that at the end. Amen. And yet, even with this mindset, church, Moses still had to be stripped down. He still had to be broken down. God had to take him, break down all the pieces, disassemble him, and put them all back together again. There's a whole process that's going on through these things. And Moses came to the place where he thought there was nothing in him worth talking about. Bringing to the table, raising up, somehow using in God. And that wasn't just happen stance, church. God knows how to bring things about in our life. Amen. For a son or a daughter of God, we don't just get to be the way we are. God is working in our lives. It's a sovereign hand of God to bring us to a place where he can mold us and shape us and then use us exactly as he wants to by his word. So don't look at your hardships as, well, look, look at me. I just I I deal with so much and everybody else seems to have it so much easier. No, they just don't necessarily have it so obviously heard. We've all got struggles. We've all got trials. We've all got things we wish we weren't dealing with. But it's all the tender hand of Jehovah to try and bring you to a place where you can step into the almighty hand of God. And he can use you not just for his benefit, but it'll be for your eternal benefit as well. And when God finished with Moses, all Moses would could say was, "Who am I? Who am I?" Moses started out saying, "Look at me." And now he's saying, "Who am I?" He's saying, "Why would I have anything to do with this? I can't even talk, God. That's a really wonderful place, Lord. I don't have anything to bring to the table." Perfect. Now, I can use you. That's what God's looking for. Amen. Because this human nature, it likes to talk. It likes to produce. It likes to pump itself up. It likes to discern. It likes to think. It likes to project itself into things. And that's nowhere that God wants us to be. God wants us completely out of it so that he can fill it up. Amen. God's looking for empty vessels to fill, not filled vessels to use. If we're full of oursel, there's no point in God coming in. That's why we have to be emptied out. Why we have to die out so that he can fill us with himself and then he can use us. Because remember, the body can't have two heads. And if it's me plus Jesus, that ain't going to work. A body with two heads is a freak of nature. You've seen them, they have co-joined twins, right? and you see him and it's a single body, but it's got two heads off of there and it's not normal. It's not natural and it doesn't work very well. It doesn't work very well. Amen. He's the only head that we can have. Now, brother Brand, we in this message of prisoner, he's speaking of Joseph and Moses and Paul and he says they were trained in one way, God changed them to another. He says they had to become a complete prisoner to not act in the way that they wanted to act, but to act in the way that God wanted them to act. And he says he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What that means is that he's got to get us to the place where we'll stop acting like we want to and that he can get us to the place where we act the way he wants us to. And the way that he wants us to act is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's the same thing over and over and over again. You I'm reminded of when a baby's born and and when a baby's born, they have a head and they have a body and they're joined together. But if you ever notice, they can't control anything. They don't know how to really do anything. Amen. And and I've noticed with ours especially, our our babies tend to have these these these skin issues and so they get they get itchy and if you leave them to theirelves, they make a mess of things because they can't control their hands and so they end up just scratching all over the place. And with our youngest in particular, we had to put socks on his hands because if we left him to himself, he'd scratch himself all over and he would be even more miserable if we left him to his own means. Are you catching what I'm laying down? If he if we left him to his own means, he's got all the parts. But he didn't have yet the intelligence, the training to teach his hands, his digits, whatever to go where they needed to go to do the work that needed to be done without damaging himself. See what I'm catching? It's not It's not that he couldn't scratch the the itch. It's that he would scratch everything that wasn't the itch and cause himself to turn into a scarf face. So, we had to protect him by himself by putting his hands in something soft so that when he scratched, he could relieve the itch, but he wouldn't destroy his skin. As he matured though, he started getting better and better at it. And pretty soon, what could we do? We could take the gloves off, the the socks off because now he could itch exactly where he needed to and then move away without any danger to himself. Amen. But if not, he'd be a scarface today. If we let him listen, if he could talk at that time, he'd probably be saying, "Listen, I know where I itch. Just let me scratch the itch." But his capabilities were way below his confession. And so, we had to save him from his own confession. Amen. Amen. We had to save him from his own his own idea of what he could do by putting those socks on his hands so that he could practice without hurting himself. It's the same thing with the believer tonight. Amen. We closed that last service with h with the scripture of Christ being the head of the church, his bride. And that means that the bride is the body and he is the head. Amen. Now, there's a whole lot wrapped in that and we'll unpack some of it this service and in the coming services. But remember, the head knows what it wants. My youngest knew what he wanted. He knew he wanted to itch, but the body could not respond the way the head was telling it to respond. Now, in his case, he had an immature mind and an immature body. But when we come down to a bride now, what do we have? We have a mature head with a relatively immature body. And we're trying to put those two together. And that's a hard thing to do. It's kind of the opposite today where we've got young people with an immature head and a mature body. That's what's getting them into trouble is their body can do all sorts of things and they don't have a head to control it. But it's the other way for the bride. Amen. We've got to have a we have a mature head. Amen. We have the the ancient of days with all knowledge and all truth. And then he's he's he's attached himself. He's joined himself to a bride body. And she's got to learn to do what the head tells her to do. And so our goal is to what? Is to listen and obey, not to try and lead the way. Amen. Otherwise, what happens? We end up with scars. If you've ever noticed, and maybe you're going through this now, I don't know. If you keep coming up to the same situation, if you keep coming up to the same problem, if you keep circling around and around, the problem is usually because you're trying to do it yourself rather than let the head teach you what to do in those situations. There are people I know and I watch from a distance and I think I'm right in it. I see them going around and around those mountains time and time again. And it's because they won't yield to Christ. They keep trying to scratch the itch themselves. and all they're doing is developing scars, not just on them, but on the people that are around them as well. It's a hard life to live. Amen. We don't need to just as soon as we're joined to Christ, go into action. That's the last thing we need to do. What we need to do is sit still and know that he is God. Amen. Sit still and figure out who's going to lead this train and who's going to be the caboose. He's got to be the engine. We got to be the caboose. He's got to lead. We've got to follow. He's got to pull and we've got to be drawn along. It's got to be him that's doing the work. Amen. And and this is that's what the adoption process is all about. It's a process of learning to lean on him, learning to obey, learning to trust, learning to walk. And when he finally sees that we're doing it exactly the way he taught us, now he can give us some responsibility. Now he can put us into situations. Now he can start to use us to do his work. Brother would make this and he's talking about there was a movement going around called manifested sons back in the 60s and he said people are told out on on the west coast now oh we've got the immortal baptism we baptize you in water you turn right back to a young man there a young woman yes sir he said they have Elijah's garments they have manifested sons of gods he says they'll say yes sir brother god is manifested uh god is getting manifested sons right now manifesting tell them all about this tonight you're a sinner tomorrow you're manifested sons of God. He says, "Nonsense." Where do you get that in the word, babies are not born men. They're born babies and they grow to men. And so, we come into this idea that when we're born again by the spirit, we should automatically go into action. No, you've got to be trained first. You got to learn to sit still before you can learn to move. You got to learn to be controlled before you can go into a place where you need to be under that control. Amen. We're an immature body with a mature head. Amen. And that's something that we've got to remember day by day. He knows the way. Remember when Joshua was going to lead the children of Israel over and he says, "Listen, put the word first because you've not gone this way before." Church, let me tell you, nobody's gone in a rapture in this age. Nobody's gone ahead. Nobody knows the way. And so, we've got to let the word lead the way. And it takes the spirit quickening the word for us to step into the word for our day because we know it. does not mean we should go do it. That is not it. We're going to get into some quotes maybe in the next service where where brother was talking about Joshua and he says the people were saying Joshua listen you have Moses commission. You know where we're going. You can see the land. You've got the word. Let's go. He says and God could not trust those people. He says but he could trust Joshua because Joshua would wait on him and go in his time. And when he went in his time, it worked out perfectly every single time. It's not just knowing the word, it's knowing more than that. And we'll come back to this. Amen. We're tied to that ancient of days. And that's our saving grace is that he knows everything we don't know. And everything we think we know, we don't really know. So, we got to rely on him. But remember, we read this quote a little while ago that said this. It says, "The anointing is not emotion. The anointing is supreme power in control, knowing exactly exactly what and how. He says, "And that's what's here." Now, that's just a quote. Let's take it back to the scriptures. Amen. And we go into the book of Ephesians. Now, remember, Ephesians is the same book as Joshua to the believer, to to the New Testament believer. It is for the overcomer. It is for the elect. It is not for the foolish virgin. It is not for the professing Christian. It is for the spiritfilled sons and daughters of God. Okay? So this is our book if I could put it that way. Ephesians is only for the true believer. And Paul says that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. Notice he didn't say give you wisdom. He says he'll give you the spirit of wisdom. Remember what Jesus said. He the spirit of truth. He gives you the spirit that has the wisdom, that has the word, that has all knowledge. He doesn't give us all knowledge. He gives us that which has all knowledge because we can't hold it all. We can't contain it all. We can't fathom it all. But what we have is a spirit that will give us what we have need of when we need it. So we know exactly what and how. A spirit of wisdom, notice, and revelation. It is spiritual insight. It is not carnally based. that is not natural knowledge or education or experience, but it is coming from eternity dropping down into the natural to produce eternity in us. That's what's going on when the spirit of God works in us. Amen. It's the opening of the word to each of us personally. And it can only happen by the Holy Spirit. It can only happen by the Holy Spirit living in your soul. He says that the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that you may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance to the saints. Remember we led read last service that Paul says these things we we we we teach those things that are freely given to us by the spirit of God. And he's coming back and he's reinforcing that and saying listen the spirit of God is given to you so that you can see what belongs to you, what your purpose is, what your plan is, what God is trying to do in your life. Amen. Our our our message that we receive by the spirit points us to the inheritance of Christ in the word for each and every one of us. But watch now what comes with that message because he says and with that he says know what is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe according to the working of his mighty power. This is why Ephesians is to the true believer to those of us who believe. But notice now it is his power, his mighty power and it's directed he says to usward. That phrase to us word means into towards in other and among us. In other words, it's a participation event. This is not an observation event. This is a participation event. You're a part of it. It is not just power over us or power around us, but it is power that comes into us and amongst us to make us produce this word. Amen. This isn't us sitting on the sidelines watching a game, but this is one where we involved not of our own power, but by the power of the spirit of God working in us to quicken his word. I want to ask you tonight, what kind of power is that? His power, his mighty power. What is it that you receive when you got the baptism of the Holy Ghost in your soul? Is it just the sealing power? Is it just a talking power? Is it just the receiving power? No, it's proven power. It's so much greater than just a seal. It is something that's alive and well inside each and every one of our souls when we've received it. Paul said which he wrought. Speaking of the power, this power he wrought in Christ. That word wrought means that he worked it. He showed it. He proved it to be effective. He accomplished it in Christ when he raised him from the dead and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places. far above all principality and power and might and dominion and every name that is named not only in the world but also in that which is to come. What kind of power is it church? It's resurrection power. It's overcoming power. It's dominating power. It's ruling power. It's delivering power. It's teaching power. It's comforting power. It's resting power. And it was proved in Christ when he rested on the word. And the word produced what it said he was resting on. That's the kind of power we're talking about this morning. Amen. It's proven power and he proved it in Christ. Bram would say this. He said, "He is our absolute because we have the assurance of the resurrection because he is raised in us." He says, "How do we know?" He says, "He lives. He does exactly here what he did when he was here on earth." He's the same pillar of fire. He says, "We have the picture there. He's the same one in the church. He's here today and where in this body he performs and acts exactly like he did then. But people don't realize it. Remember what Jesus said? They'll say, "Behold, he's in the desert. Behold, he's in the secret chambers." He says, "But believe it not." Why? Because he's in a multimember body. He's everywhere. But people don't realize it because it's a little bit here and a little bit there, a little piece here, a little bit there, an attribute here, an attribute there. It's Christ in a multimember body. And he says they'll be gathered in one place and that's where the food is, the revealed word. That's where these people will be gathered together. And there's a reason we believe that Christ is alive today. And there are many layers to that. Amen. But notice what the prophet says there. He says he does exactly what he did when he was on the earth. And he points to a photo that was that was confirmed by an examiner that the FBI uses for photographs that looked at that and said the light absolutely hit the lens. It was not a manipulation. It was an actual light that hung over that man's head. And he says, "See, he lives, but not just because we see him." Amen. He doesn't just live to exist, but he lives to prove his word. He's here to show himself real. Amen. That's what he was doing. And not since the days of Christ was there a ministry that so completely matched up to that of Christ where he raised the dead, he healed the sick, he discerned the thoughts and intents of the heart. He delivered from torment to the point that some people thought he was Jesus Christ. And he said they're closer to the truth than those that say I'm not. Not because he was trying to put anything on himself, but because when Christ lives in the man than there is Christ there, it's a re it's a revealing of Christ all over again. It's not the Christ, but it's Christ. Amen. What was that prophet doing in his ministry? He was proving that Christ is alive and well. That's what he was doing. Amen. After centuries, maybe millennia of denominations and dead religion. Amen. Finally, there came a ministry that so matched up to Christ that people started to actually believe it again. rather than just going to church and having a religious experience or a spiritual experience or dancing or shouting or maybe just sitting there dead as a lump on a log. But what they saw was the scripture came alive and this ministry folded itself into the very pages of our Bible. And they said, "Look, it's him all over again." That's why we believe. Amen. And what was it? He came with a message. It was a shout that said, "The bridegroom is coming. Get ready. Get ready. Get ready." And some people woke up and they made themselves ready. And that's what's happening here tonight under the opening of the word is there's a people getting ready. She's wrapped herself in his righteousness. She's robed herself in the wedding garment of his word. That's what's happening. Amen. After decades of dead religion, we finally have proof that Jesus Christ is alive and well. Amen. Not that he was and not that he will be, but that he is still the I am. Amen. And there's a power. And that's what the prophet brought was he brought us back to the faith of those Pentecostal fathers where we could believe in the word and the word would do the work. That's all he was trying to get us to do. He didn't want us to believe him. He wanted us to believe the word cuz he knew he was going to go eventually. But if we could believe the word, it would keep producing what it was supposed to produce. And what was he doing, church? He was inviting us into the very same ministry. Not the specific ministry of a prophet, but the bride ministry that would continue speaking by the spirit after he was gone. Amen. It didn't end with Brother Brandham. There's a five-fold ministry still preaching the word and there's a bride ministry that's living it out every single day. How? By the same spirit. God's not dead. He didn't die with brother Brandham. He's still here alive and well. Now watch what this power does. Hallelujah. He says, speaking of the body, he says, "And he hath put all things under his feet and gave him to be the head over all things to the church." Now let's stop for a second here. If he is the head and he is the body then who are the feet? Blanca's the foot. She says where are the feet? Listen, you might say tonight, I am the lowest of the low in this church. Maybe you wouldn't. But wherever you are, if you're the lowest of the low, if you're the weakest in faith, you think I I if if you're a nobody in this church, yet you are a part of the body of Christ by the indwelling spirit, then your feet, he says, are over all things. In other words, Mr. or Mrs. Nobody, brother nobody, sister nobody, every demon in hell is still beneath you. Every power, every torment, every sickness, every problem, every circumstance is still under your feet if you are a part of the body of Christ. Church, I say we need to start reading our Bible, looking at it through the eyes of Christ and our position in him. That everything we face is under us because we're attached to him. Not because of any strength or goodness in ourselves, but because he's united us with him. Everything is beneath us. Amen. If you're the dead skin on the bottom of the big toe of the body of Christ, every demon in hell is below you this evening. That's where you're standing. Everything is beneath you. They have to look up to torment you. Hallelujah. Amen. They've got to bend their necks to get a glimpse of the bride of Christ. That's where you're standing tonight. Don't put yourself lower than he puts you. If you're the bottom of the feet, you're still greater than anything in hell, greater than anything in this world. He says it's over all things, all dominion, all powers. It's all under our feet. We need to start talking about how we're in a position of overcoming. Not just a position of fighting, but a position of overcoming. Speaking of the church, he says, "Which is his body," Paul said, "Ye ye are not your own. You are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God." He says, "Which is his body, the fullness of him that fleth all in all." Now, that word fullness means the fulfillment or the completion. Amen. We are not the filling. We are that which has been filled. Amen. If we're a Boston cream donut, he's the cream. We're the donut. He's what makes us good. I had one today. That's why I'm preaching on donuts. Courtesies of Sister Amanda. Amen. We're not the filling. We're the thing that's filled. Amen. And it's Christ in us that makes us the fulfillment. Remember, Christ is what? The fullness of the Godhead bodily. And we are the fullness of Christ bodily. Amen. All that Christ was, he poured. All that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ was, he poured into the church. Amen. That's where we're standing. We are the recipients today of his power, of his plan, of his person, of his life. He is the fullness of God and we are the fullness of him expressed in flesh today. We're the expression of Christ today. I want you to say that with me. I am the expression of Christ. I am the expression of Christ. Write that on your Write that on your on your fridge when you go home. I am the expression of Christ. I many of us have seen the the the Veggie Tales thing where the the worm is listening in on the boat with Jonah and he's listening to the tape and it it's a uh oh what are they called? It's a motivational Thank you, brother Joe. A motivational tape and and he's listening to it and he's a little worm and it's saying you are a skilled motor metal worker. And he says I am a skilled metal worker. He says, "I did not know this." I'm asking you to say, "I am the fulfillment of Christ. I did not know this." But he's trying to get us to see that. Trying to get us to see that. And it comes by reading about yourself in the word. Amen. We got to start reading it like it's a not it's about not that it's for somebody, but it's for me. Amen. It'll encourage us a whole lot more if we can see ourselves in it. Brother Brandon would say this. He says, "Now Jesus can't come here in a corporal body. For when he comes in a corporal body, then the second coming of Christ will be when every eye shall see him and every knee bow and every tongue confess." He says, "But his holy spirit, which is called the comforter in the Bible, was to come and do the same works that he did because it's Christ in spirit." Christ said, "I came from God. I go to God a little while in the world." He says, "That's the people will see me no more." The worldly order. He says, "Yet you will see me." He says, "That's the church, for I'll be with you to the end of the world, even be in you." And he said, "The works that I do shall you do also." Now, if you look at the pattern in the New Testament, remember when Peter and John went in and it says that they saw that they were ignorant and unlearned, but they knew that they had been with Jesus. Amen. And that's the testimony of the believer today. We may be ignorant. We may be unlearned. They may not be as wise as this world, but people can look at us and say they've been with Jesus. That's what we're supposed to be. It's the word made flesh. They can't understand it. They can't explain it. They may not agree with it, but there's something about us that says he's been with Jesus. She's been with Jesus, and something has changed. Amen. Now, you know, there's a difference between what we are and what we used to be. No matter how we were raised, there's a difference between who I was and who I am today. by God's grace and it is only by his grace. But you know we have people that go through this in life. Amen. And and we see that that uh people that that used to be a certain way and they've become a new way. And the easiest way to see this would be in somebody that's had a lot of weight on before. And if somebody was to see that guy on the right today and that's all they knew him that like was that way, they'd say, "Oh, okay. He's a good guy. He's nice guy boy. He's careful about what he eats." But those that knew him when he was 300 lb, they'd say, "Boy, you've changed. You eat different. You exercise. You have different discipline. You have different priorities. You've changed your way of thinking. You're conditioned different now." But the person that only knows him as a skinny guy, they just say, "Well, he's just very disciplined." No, he's been reconditioned. He's been he's had his thinking changed so that he can live a different life, a life that's better than he used to live. Amen. These people are conditioned to eat a particular way, to live a particular lifestyle, and in everything they do because they know the darker side of what happens when you don't, cuz they've been there and done that. Amen. They've learned what it takes to live a healthier lifestyle. and they've been conditioned now to exercising and eating correctly and they're living a better way of life. Now, some of us have a testimony of never really going bad. I would say it this way. We've gone spiritually fat, but some of us have. Some of us came from a darker place, if I could put it, than others, naturally speaking. Some of us got into habits and situations and relationships and and whatnot. And it's a darker place. Amen. But there's one thing that we hold in common afterwards. Amen. And that is that we're conditioned to live a certain way. And it's to be conditioned to live according to the word of God. That's one thing. It doesn't matter if we're skinny or we're fat spiritually before or after. When it's all said and done, we're all feeding and eating the same way. And it's by the word of God. Amen. Paul would say it this way because we're conditioned to live our lives and it's something that has changed. We've been transformed. I would say that guy went through a transformation myself, but we've got a transformation that we go through as well. And Paul would say this. He says, "For in him we live, we move, and we have our being, as certain also of your own poets have said, for we are also his offspring." We're going to preach on this from a way different angle in a future service, but notice he says, "For in him, in who? In Christ we live." Now, that word means quickened or made alive. In other words, we were dead, but now we're really alive. Amen. We were alive and yet dead in our trespasses and sins, Paul said. But now we're quickened. Our life is in him. We're made really alive. We're really living because it's eternal life now that's coming out of us. Not just the natural life that's going to fade away. Our life is in him. Well, the Bible would say, "He's my absolute. He's my all. Anything outside of that, nothing in my arms I bring. I know. Nothing else besides Christ and him crucified. He says, "I don't want to hear anything else but Christ and him crucified." My heart says amen to every one of his promises. That's why I know his holy spirit is a compass. It guides me to the word. He says he is my son. He is my life. He's my typost, my north star. He's all that I could ever think to be. He is that to me. He says he's my life. Amen. Is that our testimony this evening? If it is our mouth testimony, then it ought to be our life testimony as well. That every move we make, every place we go, everything we do, we're subjecting ourselves to the word and the spirit of God. I say, "God, help me." Cuz it's a testimony of my mouth, but I would say my life still needs some work. Amen. When I'm waking up these mornings, my prayers have changed to a more earnest form of Lord, let me be you today. Lord, in whatever simple way it might be, let me have an impact that you would have if you were here yourself. Why? Because I want him to be my life. I met up with a It was absolutely wonderful. My My wife and sister Amanda and the two youngest went on a whale watching tour today and while they were on there, she saw the back of a man's jacket and it had my old employer's name on it from Edmonton. And I really like that employer until they made some late changes. and he was a and so she said to him, she says, "Hey, did you used to work for this company and he turned around and it was it was somebody we both knew because she knew his wife and and whatnot." And so they started talking and so she sent me his card and I texted him. So I went and I talked to him. But but notice the intersection there that he was here for work, had brought his wife and son and just at one moment they crossed paths of all places on a whale watching tour. And so I was able to reach out and connect with him and we had a nice talk for a little over an hour, hour and 15 minutes with him and his wife and and he was asking about, you know, why did you come here and how did you get a job and what's going on in this? And I said, well, you know, I got a job. I took the the the place of of my best friend's my growing up best friend's father. I says, he got my resume. He he showed it to his boss and his boss liked it. I met him for coffee and nine months later there I was. They said, "But the reason I came back was was to support and help the church that I grew up in, my home church." And that was very interesting to him, but his wife really latched on to that. She said, "You know, how do you like it? And and why did you do that? And how's it going? And what kind of church is it? What is it?" Because I said, "Listen, there were hardships in coming here. It wasn't the same. It took me a while to get back to the same financial capacity. It took me a while to get resettled. It cost money to move here." She said, "Yes, but I'll bet it was worth that I said it's more than worth it because we have reached a point where nothing else mattered. And that's a wonderful place to be where the only thing you want is what he wants for you. And that is more satisfying with all of its hardship. I mean, you guys know how a hard church you are. No, but there's a hardship. There's a burden. There's a there's a strain that comes with it. But I said it's so fulfilling to do something that really matters now. I said, 'It's not wrong to work and and and push in your career and that cuz her husband's sitting there and he's just got a career, but he's not a Holy Ghost filled son of God. I'd say keep doing what you're doing. That's a good thing to do. Work an honest day, get an honest living, and support your family. He's a wonderful, wonderful man. I really, really like him. But for me, I'm called to into a different thing. And we're called to a different thing. Amen. Why? Because we've got a different life inside of us. and it won't be satisfied with the day-to-day of this world. Do you remember, Blanca, the way it was when we were in Edmonton and we were sitting there and saying, "There's got to be more to this walk than what we're doing." Why? Because there was something in us, a life that was unsatisfied because it was calling us into his word and into his plan. What a wonderful thing to have a call. And all you can say is, "Lord, I don't know what the call is, but I just want it. Lord, I don't know what you have for me, but I know there's more." Because there's a deep calling to the deep. There's a greater faith we've got to walk in. There's a different thing we've got to do with our life because there isn't a satisfaction here even though we're doing what your word says. He had a different place for us to go, a different thing for us to do. And when we stepped into it, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. It's wonderful. Even the strain, even with the strain that comes with it, it's wonderful. And I'm so thankful for his grace that he could get me to a place where I would obey him and do those things. He says, "In him we live." Then he says, "In him we move." This is an interesting one because it means to wag, to provoke, to stir up, to cause, to go, to set in motion. We could say he's the he's the head and we're the tail. And in this case, the tail does not wag the dog. The dog wags the tail. I'm not comparing God to a dog, but you know what I'm saying. In other words, we don't control what happens. We don't get provoked. We don't get stirred up. Sometimes religious indignation is the worst thing we can have because it's not righteous, it's religious. Remember Paul had that that that girl with a familiar spirit following him for days, but he didn't get provoked until the spirit of God said enough is enough. Paul was okay with it. We've got to let him provoke us. Let him stir us up. Let's not go fight a battle we're not called to fight. Let's settle down and let him move us. Amen. He's the one giving us the commands, telling us when to go, when to stop, when to speak, when to be quiet. What kind of reaction to have if any if any I love this quote this was such a beautiful quote he says the Holy Ghost is the action in you. He says it's a life not an emotion not some sort of a fleshly evidence. He says but it is a person Jesus Christ the word of God established in your heart to quicken every word of this age. Notice its purpose to quicken every word of this age. We're going to get into this. There's so much beautiful stuff sitting here. We may preach on absolute power for a couple of months yet. Just keeps opening up. He says, "Now watch the Holy Ghost in action." Now, what would we say is the Holy Ghost in action? Don't read. Don't read. Okay. What would we say is the Holy Ghost in action? Oh, we'd say it's casting out demons, healing sicknesses, raising the dead, discerning thoughts and intents of the heart. And that's not wrong. He says, "Watch it now." He says, "Watch the Holy Ghost in action." Not so much in demonstrations. He says, "But in action, what it does according to the word." In other word, the Holy Spirit in action is not about proving you. It's about proving the word. There's a huge difference there. See, now when you guys come up for prayer, see, I can come down and I can make it about me or I can make it about the word because I can say, "Lord, your scripture says that that if we lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." Okay, this is about proving me. And I'm not a real pastor if people don't get healed when I touch when I lay hands on them. See, that's making it about me. He's not here to prove me, church. He's here to prove his word. And so when I come down, my motive has to be Lord, it's your word. Lord, it's your son. Lord, it's your daughter. I'm just connecting the two. I'm just connecting the two. I'm turning you back to him and trying to raise your faith so that you can take the word yourself. That's what we're trying to get to a place where you don't need an elder to lay hands on you. You don't need your pastor to lay hands on you. You can just lay hold of the word. Why? Because you've met the person of the word and he's living inside of you. Amen. In him we live. We move. And then he says in him we have our being. Now this is a in the in the English I love that phrase have our being. But in the original word it is a in the original language it is a single word and it means in him we are. In him we exist. And I think that's the most beautiful thing that we could ever achieve. Amen. We are because he is. We are. We will be because he is. And we were because he is. Everything is because of him. Amen. We're tied to the eternal. We are everpresent. It says in him we have our being. In him we are. Not in him we will be or in him we were. But it's always in him we are. It's everpresent open-ended. There is no end to it. In him we live and move and have our being. Amen. It's from before time till after time. It's the whole thing. Brother says it this way. He says, "Now by grace I am tied to him that said I am not I was." He says, "I am ever present, omnisient, omnipotent, infinite, that he is not I was." He says, "I am." He is still the resurrection. He is still the north star. He is still everything to me. Paul's saying he is our life. He is our motivation. He is our purpose. He's our intelligence. He's what gets us up in the morning and what lays us down in bed at night. From start to finish, it's him. Amen. Paul. Oh, Paul, what an amazing man. I mean, it's the spirit speaking. He would say, "And ye are complete in him which is the head of all principality and power." Can you say it any better than that? You are complete in him. He completes you. When you have him, you have everything you have need of. Abraham says, "And now you are his." He says, "Oh, because he is, we have the right to all that he has purchased for us." Not that he was or not that he will be. He says, "It's the everpresent because he is ever present. We have a right that all to all he's purchased for us. Every promise in the Bible is yours. It belongs to you." He says, "When this token is upon you and God has sealed you," he says, "Now we want to check ourselves for just a moment. When God has given you the true baptism of the Holy Spirit, are we checking up this evening? Has he given you the baptism of the Holy Spirit?" Check it off. He says, "Then the life of Jesus Christ is within you." He says, "Now that's true." And every theologian will have to admit that to be, "Yes, sir. It's the new birth. You are born a new of the Holy Ghost." He says, "And because that God has done this and you know you're no good in yourself and you accept what God has done, then he seals you into his kingdom by the Holy Spirit." He says these wonderful words and everything that Jesus purchased and promised you in the Bible is yours. He says it's your property because it's paid for. Life is mine. He paid for it. Life is yours. He paid for it. Healing is mine. He paid for it. He Healing is yours. He paid for it. Freedom is mine. He paid for it. Heaven is mine. He paid for it. He has paid the price. Everything he purchased belongs to the man that holds the token. See, we can sit here and we can divide God up into little pieces. And we can say, "Well, I have Christ, but I don't have healing. I have Christ, but I don't have freedom or or liberty. I have Christ, but I don't have deliverance." We can put ourselves by saying we're into Christ right into eternity. And yet we can be outside of our inheritance because we say, "But I don't have this or that or the other thing." Amen. All in the same sentence. I have Christ, but I'm not healed. That's a contradiction. It doesn't make any sense. Amen. We can take Christ and yet when we say that, we take Christ and yet we don't even experience all that he is. We say, "I I have Christ, but I need healing. I have Christ, but I need deliverance." No, it's not Christ plus healing. It's Christ is healing. It's not Christ plus deliverance, it's Christ is deliverance. It's all one in the same thing. Those are the very attributes and nature of God. And when you receive his spirit, you receive all of those things with it. You don't have to go looking for it. It's already there. His his very names. You look at the the the the seven names of God and he's Jehovah Rafa. God is my healer. It's intrinsic to him. Healing is God. It's not just from him. It's not just a gift, but it is God manifested in your body. That's what healing is. Jehovah Gyra, the God who sees my need and pro makes a provision for Jehovah Shama, God who is with me, his person, his presence in me. Jehovah Shalom, God our peace. He did not say that he would just give us peace, but rather Paul said he is our peace. He is the literal peace. Amen. He does give us peace, but his peace is himself. I believe he said in John, "Peace I leave with you. Peace I give unto you. Not as the world giveth, I give unto you." He said, "But let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. You've heard how I said unto you, I go away." See, your peace goes away. But then he says, "And come again unto you." It is Christ the person that is your peace. So when the the spirit of God resides within you, you don't have to wait for God to send peace, peace is already there. You just have to recognize it. You just have to look for it. Amen. Abraham says this. He says, "Pass my token on that day of judgment and I'll pass over you." He says, "Holding it in." He says, "Holding your confession in the word that Jesus Christ has died for you." And when he does it, he displays himself through you. He says, "Amen." Yes. Now what's the requirement? He says when you recognize the token, the life that it took for the blood to speak. Let me preach to you church. What is healing? Is healing a gift? Is g is healing an event? Is is healing a time? Amen. You say, "I'm waiting for my healing." But what are we really doing? Amen. Is it something that comes and goes? Is it a package that arrives on our doors by on our body's door and we open it up and take it in? See, we separate that healing from God and we say, "I have God." And then we say, "I have need of healing." No, you got it all when you got the Holy Ghost. And all he's waiting for you to do is recognize what that meant when you got the Holy Ghost. That is a token for every single promise in the book that he died so that you could have it. And so what do you do? He says, "You hold that token. And with that token, you make the confession. The price has been paid. This belongs to me. And then you say, "God, let your attribute take over my body." Because when you're in the house, sickness has to leave cuz life is there. Torment has to leave because peace is there. Wisdom has to be there because Christ is there. It's already there. You've just got to recognize what he gave you when he gave you himself. That's what he's trying to get us to. We say, "Lord, you're healing your life." And then we move forward and confess nothing else. Amen. We have faith confessing the word. We talked about people that have lost a lot of weight and like that man in the before after picture. Amen. And we've been conditioned and we're being conditioned to live by the word of God. Why? Because we're believers. We believe it. We believe it's for us. We trust it's the truth. We've seen it work. We've seen it have eternal consequences. We've seen it have natural consequences. We've seen it have relational consequences. Amen. We're convinced. And that's why we can come to God and say, "God, I'm trusting you to keep working cuz we've seen it work." And if you haven't seen it work, it's time to put your faith into action and say, "Lord, I'm ready to see you work." Amen. We've had some some interesting moments in our house when we have our family devotions and we always pray and we have a time of praise and then we have a time of prayer requests. And it was it was so interesting because as some of you know, Biscuit was having some issues in the house and and so it was to the point where we said, "Listen, we're going to have to send Biscuit back." But we said, "Let's pray about it." And since then, he's been a good dog. It's simple. It's not all about big thunderous moments. It's about simple faith where you say, "Lord, we've got a desire to see you move." And then we say, "Would you move?" That's all. I I I didn't pray some big flowery prayer. I didn't take us up into the heavens with great resounding words of faith. Lord, save Biscuit. Keep him from himself. Lord, he's just a No. I said, Lord, you see what's going on. You know what the problem is. Would you help Biscuit? And guess what? God has helped Biscuit. Praise the Lord. If he cares about Biscuit, does he care about you? Come on now. If he cares about Biscuit, does he care about you? You know why he cares about Biscuit, church? Because biscuit matters to me. Biscuit matters to you. Sometimes other people don't have access to this God because they're unbelievers. But they've got a believer that cares about them. And if it matters to you, it matters to the master. Amen. Because there's something in your heart that's drawing you towards him. Amen. We're convinced of this. And that's why, like Paul said, we can say in him, we live, we move, we have our being. And if we go a day where we don't talk to him, we start to wonder, why am I feeling a little empty? Why are things not go quite the way I felt today? Why wasn't I so resilient? Why did I act that way? And it's because we forgot. In him, we live and move and have our being. He's our victory. Amen. He's our overcoming power. My prayer every day is Lord, let me get to that place where people can look at me and say, "He's been with Jesus." I may not have met Jesus, but if there's anybody's met Jesus, it's brother John Kurlet or John Kurlet as the case may be. Brother Brown would say this. He says, "The true church of Christ, the bride is so sold out to him and his promised word till the very mind that's in Christ is in you." What a difference. We sing that song. Can't you see why I'm so happy I've accepted the word of the Lord? The revealed word that was spoken by a prophet of Malachi 4. Amen. God reached down out of eternity with a message to call a bride out of this fallen, forsaken age. And what did it do? It turned her heart back to him. And she sold herself out. And again, I've talked about this before, but our older ones here that have turned away from family, turned away from relationship, what made them do it? They're sold out. And it only took a moment, didn't it? And you can't go back. There's no going back. You've got a different love now. You've got a different head. You got a different anchor for your soul. And that's what made you walk away. Amen. And that ministry called that bride out of religion, out of this dead world, out of her own rights, out of all the things that this world said was good and fun a and beneficial and all these things. And it called them right out into the realities of a living God. And that's why we're here today. Behold, I send you. Elijah the prophet was his promise. Behold, I send you. Amen. Before we ever came into natural existence, he said, "Behold, I send you." And it was a love letter to us. And it wasn't a a love letter that a prophet wrote. It was a love letter that God wrote before the foundation of the earth. And what did it do? It called out a bride. It caught the attention of a bride and she sold herself out to it. We look at what everybody else is selling out to today. It's scary what people are selling themselves out to. A reprobate mind. That's what they're sold out to. And it leads them into all sorts of nastiness. All sorts of nastiness. Amen. But we had a message that came from beyond time and it pointed us back to a life that belonged to us before we ever came into this world and it'll be there long after we leave it. Amen. Brother Bram says we were sinners alienated without God in the world in that muck of mud and God came down to us. He says God sought you. You never sought God. No man can come to me except the father draws him first. And God came down in that muck. Hallelujah. God came down in that muck. This is muck. And it was in the muck and it was covered in muck. Raised in a message church and it's still covered in muck. Church, he says God came down in that muck, what you were, and sought you out and brought you out. He says that ought to create a perfect love. Look what you were and look what you are. He says, "What did that?" He said, "It's somebody that loves you." Can't you have faith in what he's promised you? Then he says real genuine love will create a confidence in his word. See church once you realize he loves you. Nothing else matters because you say, "Listen, it seems like there's a lie in here somewhere. He'll never lie to me though cuz he loves me. Seems he's forsaken me. No, he'll never forsake me because he loves me. Hey, he's going to leave me out. He's left me out on a limb. I'm hanging out here all on my own." No, he loves me. He would never do that. See the love is what anchors us when you can't see the actions behind that love. He says this ought to ought to produce a real co a real confidence in his word. Our walking, our talking, our living, our daily life ought to reflect that faith in our decisions, in our conversations. Amen. That's what God's looking for. And that's where the mind of Christ comes in that we could have faith in his word. Now, I read this quote a few sermons ago and I just want to read a short portion of it. He says, "Faith is designed to see what God wills and wants." See, faith is not designed to get you what you want. See, too often we're asking to have faith for what I want. No, no, no. I need to find the faith for what he wants because that's where perfect faith is when it's what he wants, his will, his way, his time, his season, all those things. That's when it's going to produce. He says there is no knowledge that can do that. Faith alone is designed and given to the human race to find out what the will of God is. Amen. We're talking about absolute power. Absolute power requires faith. And that faith requires knowing and finding the will of God. When you find that, that's when it's going to flow. We're going to close with this scripture and a quote. We're speaking now of a change, a difference, a before after comparison of when God's worked in our lives. And Paul would say in Romans, "There's therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do and that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh. He says that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Now this is our before after. Okay, before we walked in what? The flesh. But he says, "Now we walk in the spirit." Our before was doing things that our body wants. Now we're doing what the spirit of God wants. That's our before after. That's our weight loss before after picture right there. Amen. We used to walk in the flesh. Now we walk in the spirit. He says, "For they that are of after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit, the things of the spirit." Brother Bam reads this in a man running from the presence of God. It's a closing prayer. And we're going to close with this as well. He says, "And we pray that your grace and mercy will be with us, Lord, and tender our hearts." Amen. We need our hearts kept tender day by day. You know, I've had moments I have moments, I should say, where things will harden unexpectedly and I'm like, "Where did that come from? A reaction to somebody that has no reason for being that way. I have no reason to be hardened towards that person." And something will harden. you know, somebody wants to get in on the road and I'm like, "No, I'm not letting you in today." Why? Why would I not allow somebody in on the road? My heart would harden towards them. And I say, "Lord, that ain't the spirit of Christ. That's definitely the old spirit of John Kurlet trying to creep in. That's the flesh trying to creep in. I got to get where I'm going. You made a late change. You should have, you know, put it all on them." No, I need a spirit of Christ. Soften me. Tenderize me. Not just towards people on the road, people in the congregation, my brothers and sisters. Brother Bram lost his love for the people. You know that. Remember he talks about that he lost his love for the people, his consideration for the people. It can be so easy to get born in the burden and forget that you're there to love and help people. Amen. We need to be tender. He says, "Move back all the shucks, the thorns, the thistles. Let the blessed sunshine of God fall in among the word, Lord. And may we have such a great meeting till there not be an unsaved person among us, and all the children will be in the kingdom of God. He says, "Those without the baptism of the spirit, may they receive it, Father." I say, "Amen. Let none go out without the spirit of God tonight." Now, catch this. He is, it's so beautiful. He says, "May all the great mysteries that we are supposed to know at this age, Lord, be unveiled to us." He says, "And we'll see the plainness of God." There's a there's a saying I've heard that when it comes to mystery preachers, you know, they're a mystery preacher because they preach the mystery and it's still a mystery when they're done preaching. I say, "Lord, let it be plain. Let it be simple." That works for me. That's the way I try and bring my preaching is to make it plain. Make it simple. Make it so you can't miss. He says, "We'll see the plainness of God." What will the plainness of God do, church? Will it lift us up into the heavenlies so we can explain all of the seven seals? He says, "So that we'll know how to behave ourselves and act." Can we say amen to that? Watch. Correcting ourselves. That's that's such wonderful advice. That's a wonderful effect. When I can correct myself and you can correct yourself, that'll be a wonderful thing. That's what we're supposed to do when we have communion. Remember, not just at communion, but it's supposed to be a reflection on where we're at and what we're doing, who's winning the battles, who's leading the fight, who's got their hands on the steering wheel. He says, "Correcting ourselves and bringing the members of our body into discipline to the word." That's the plainness of God, church. See, we're moving now towards the mind of Christ, which is to know what God wants done and to simply do it. Not to build up a big program, not to come up with some big beautiful thing we can do, but simply to do what God wants us to do and leave the rest behind. He says, "And bringing the members of our body into discipline to the word that we might know how to live in this present day at the approaching of the Lord Jesus." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together. Amen. This was the last year, 1965, 10 months almost before he died, and he's still praying that the bride of Christ will know how to live day by day. You know what that tells me, church? It matters how we live day by day. Not just what we say we know. Not just the doctrines we confess, not just the theology that we hold. Amen. But how to ha behave, how to act, how to be corrected, to be able to be corrected, church, that is a hallmark for a true child of God. They can be corrected by the word. They don't take it personally, but they take it personally. In other words, they're not offended by it, but they say, "Praise the Lord. He's still talking to me." The most wonderful thing we can ever experience is when the word corrects us, because it means God still cares about us. He's still working on us. He still wants us to come under that discipline and headship of the word. I just finished listening to the choosing of a bride. And in that message, he's talking about the church, the different churches. He says he saw the different churches going down. He saw the Asian one and the one from Switzerland and these different ones. He says, "And they were all going down to hell." But then he said, "I saw the bride." He says, "And she was marching to that that that song on were Christian soldiers." He says, and he says, "Oh, she was the word." He says, "Long hair down, flowing dresses, beautiful." He says, "But just at the end," he says, "they started to get out of line." Now, church, we're at the end. That means what he saw is our age, getting out of shape. And he says these words, he says, "She started trying." That's what got her bent out of shape. That's what got her out of line. She started trying. He says, "Getting out of line." See, that's where we mess up. When I start trying to do it, when I start trying to control, when I start trying to make it happen, when I start trying to produce the word and instead of just letting it come out the way and time God wants it. Amen. What is it? We're prone to wander. Prone to find our own way. Prone to finding a better way. And it never works. Amen. He wants us to just say, "Lord, this is your work. You do it. You do it." And just say, "I'm taking my hands off, and I'm just going to keep walking as you lead, and trusting we'll get over the finish line together." That's all he wants us to do, church. Give up, let go, and follow him day by day. Surrender ourselves on a daily basis. Amen. Recommmit ourselves on a daily basis. Say, "Lord, yesterday's yesterday. Today's a new day. Your mercies are new every morning. Lord, I trust you can use me today." And just put ourselves and be ready to be used by him. Amen. Day by day. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, to overcome means to stand the test, Lord. And we want to be overcomers that can stand the test of this Leodysian age, Lord. When all that's around us is telling us to take matters into our own hands, Lord, but your prophet saw a bride that started trying instead of just doing, Lord, by your spirit. And it got her out of line, Lord. She stepped back in and we know that. And we're trusting you to keep us in line, heavenly father. But I pray Lord you help us Lord to be able to hear your word to be corrected Lord to be able to lay down our thoughts and our ideas Lord that every day we could take that day and just hand it over to you and say Lord it's in your hands Lord use me hold me direct me guide me Lord help us to speak as you would speak be silent as you be silent act and react as you would heavenly father Lord we want people to see that we've been with Jesus. Not just been with him, but we're still with him. Lord, that we are a part of the great I am worthy manifested word, Lord. Epistle seen and read of all men. Lord, I pray you grant us grace to see ourselves in that light. Lord, to lift our heads up to recognize that everything is under our feet, Lord, because we're a part of your body, Lord. that when trials come, and they will, Lord, hard times come and they will, Lord. And this flesh wants to rise up, Lord, may we recognize it's under that foot as well, Lord. You've given us power. You've given us victory, Lord. It just takes a surrender heart to let it do its job. Lord, I pray you keep us in your word. Lord, keep us under your anointing. Lord, give us victory day by day. I pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Can we do Jehovah Gyra, my provider, 7:22 [Music] Jehovah G. Oh my proider. Oh, you are more than enough for me. Jehovah Rafa. For you're my healer and by your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah sh [Music] you. Oh you supply [Music] all mighty. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. You are more than enough. [Music] More than enough. You are more than enough for me. [Music] Jehovah [Music] Gyra [Music] my pro. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. You are more than enough for me. the Jehovah Raper. You're my healer and by your stripes [Music] I've been set free. Jehovah sh [Music] for you are with me. You supply all my needs. Oh, you are more than enough. More than enough. You are more than enough. Jehovah Shama for me. Jehovah Sham, you are with me. and you suppy all my needs. For you are more than enough. more than enough. You are more than enough for me. I found it all. 1182 I found it all when I lost everything and gave my life to serve a ris king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. when I lost everything and gave my life. Hallelujah. To serve a rising king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I found it all. And I lost everything and gave my life to serve a rising king. I found the truth that I've been searching for. I found it all. When I found the Lord, I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. 1236. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] My trbled soul, why so weigh down? Oh, you were not made to bear this heavy load. [Music] So cast all your burdens [Music] upon the Lord. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you. And all your worry won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. My days are in his faithful hands and by anxious heart. Why so upset? When trials come, how you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Oh, Jesus cares. He cares for you. And Jesus cares. cares. He cares for you. And all your woring won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus the king in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Oh, praise the rock of my salvation. all my days in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Oh, praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord. I lift the rock of my head. Oh, praise the rock of my salvation. All the my days are in his faithful hands. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Oh, praise the rock of my salvation. All my deeds are in his faithful hands. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Jesus. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness, Lord, that when we fall, you lift us up, heavenly father. Lord, that you can let us see that all things are under our feet. Lord, what a great God you are this evening, Lord. How we thank you for your goodness, Lord, for your deliverance, Lord, for raising us up out of that very muck that we couldn't get ourselves out of. Lord, we praise you this evening. We thank you, Lord, for your goodness to us, each one heavenly father. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Before we go, we're going to sing that song. and you deserve the glory. 10:25. Amen. Was it Brother Vichel that opened up in prayer? Yes. Okay. Uh, Brother Chad, we're going to have you close in prayer again if that would be okay. Amen. Remember the needs. Amen. Some not here today. I'm not sure why some of them, but we want God's grace to be with them. Each one be with Sister Amanda. She travels back. Brother Bob, Sister Joe Hansen are coming back to our place again tomorrow, traveling over the road, playing praying God's grace to them. Amen to each one. You know your life situations. You know what others are dealing with many times. Let's just keep each other in prayer through the coming week. Amen. God bless you. I've also booked travel away for October 2nd through the 7th to go to BC. They're doing a family reunion as a memorial for my grandmother. That was the last grandparent we had on mom and dad's side. So, we're going to go out there for a little bit. Um, Lord willing, I'll bring in a a minister for that weekend, the Sunday, and we'll see how the Lord leads. But, uh, we just want him to have his way. Amen. We need to start praying about camp as well. We've got that coming up. And, Brother Paul and Sister Kimberly put a lot of time and effort in. We've got a big crowd. We could have over 90 this year. So, we've really uh, we're going to need every hand on deck. And I know we'll be there, but keep them in prayer as they lock down the details and sort that out. and also as brother Aaron Oglesby will come up to minister for us again. Keep them in prayer just that the Lord would have his way. We've got people outside of this church. We've got visitors. We've got all sorts of people coming. So, we just want the Lord to just do a wonderful work. Amen. We need to get out of here. Amen. That means we need to get the last ones in. And I say, Lord, seal each one that needs it with the Holy Ghost so we can leave. Amen. Amen. We'll sing this as we close and Brother Chad will come and close in prayer. You deserve the gloryy [Music] and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Oh, you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship and to praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship you as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do make so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. You deserve the glory, Lord. All the honor, all the praise, every fiber of our being given praise and worship to you, Lord Jesus. Oh father, you created us for this very purpose to praise, love, honor, and glorify your magnificent name. Lord, thank you, Lord, for what you're doing for us, Lord. What you continue to do, Lord. I thank you for that tenderness that Brother John was talking about. Lord, when I see it in my own children, Lord, I I'm extremely proud. I can only imagine, Father, how much it makes you proud when we show that same kindness and love towards others. Lord, I pray, Father, I pray a special blessing for this church. Lord, help us get out of the way, Lord, that you could do what you intended for the purpose of this very church in Newfaland. Lord, I pray a special blessing for brother John. Lord, pray pray that you continue to shelter him, Lord, and in in your arms, Lord, and guide him and and help him, Father God, and give him wisdom, protect his family, Lord. I pray, Lord, for Sister Mana as she travels, Lord. Give her safe traveling, Lord, and keep her safe. And all the other prayer requests, Lord, that we put before you. We thank you for victory in all these matters, Lord. Thank you. So as we go now Lord let us wake up tomorrow one thing in mind that is to please you to serve you to honor you and trust you in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. I am here to Lord. with the hand and your holy blessing. [Music] is our holy name for our grad. There is no one else like you. There is no for you are great. willing. There is no one else like you. There is no [Music] There is no like you like for you My name is [Music] there like There is no [Music] way. There is no one by you. There is no like you will there like you. There is no [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
