################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 20250427 - The Token Life - Pt. 51 - No Room for Fear Pt. 2 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    20250427 - The Token Life - Pt. 51 - No Room for Fear Pt. 2 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4INeV5KtvAc
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/12yOM5fk37IYJdDNVVt9ZyFEbTBj6ATdq/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] that is higher than I understand. For you have been my strength in times of trouble, a tower above my head. The reason Lord I will abide with you forever. Ever in the shelter of praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hear my prayer, oh Lord. From the ends of the earth, your will. The rock that is you have been my strength in time of truth above. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And Lord I will abide with you forever. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. your wings and hear my prayer, oh Lord. Amen. From the ends of the earth, I cry. Your peace will lead me to the rock that is higher than I. You have been my strength. Praise the Lord. A tower above my enies and Lord I will abide with you. Oh hallelujah the shelter of your Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing as we gather. May your spirit work within us. Amen. 1258 up there. As we gather, may your spirit work within us. As we gather, may we glorify your name, knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be blessed because we came. We'll be blessed because we came. And as we gather, may your spirit work within us. Amen. As we gather, may Amen. Praise the Lord. Knowing that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be blessed because we came. We'll be blessed because we came. Let's sing it again. Hallelujah. As we praise the Lord. Amen. As we glorify our day, knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship. Hallelujah. We'll be blessed because we came. We'll be blessed because we came. Amen. 9:16 God still moves. Praise the Lord. Let's be in prayer for that this morning. God move among us all as we worship and as we hear the word of the Lord today. Amen. Believe it. He's here. Amen. God still. [Music] God still in the hearts of his people. God still works. Amen. Praise the Lord. He does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he sleep. My God still moves. My God still moves. Praise the Lord. Oh, God still lives. God still lives in the hearts of his people. God still He does not sleep. Amen. Praise the Lord. nor does he love. God still moves. Oh, God. Hallelujah. One more time. God still moves. God still moves. Praise the Lord. God still moves. In the hearts of his people, God still knows. He does not sleep, nor does he. God still. Hallelujah. God still. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. Uh well, we can sing that again. Ask brother if you'd just come and open in prayer this morning. And to remember brother John, of course, as he brings the word of the Lord. And uh we pray for also brother Kingsley, sister Melody, and Kashi there. Uh he's they sent a note there to us and said that he's doing better. Kashi's doing better. Uh but he still has some skin reactions and it looks like possibly an allergy. So they're keeping an eye on it and uh he's improving daily and we're going to continue to pray that uh he improves 100%. So, I want to remember uh them today. And also, uh Sister Laura Snow, we just want to continue to pray for her full recovery. She's uh she's in a battle, but uh but God is the victor. So, and he'll give her the victory. So, let's just continue to pray for her and call on her faith. Uh also the Mandos uh called us and uh they wanted us to uh wanted me to greet the uh the church on their behalf. They still think of us. They still pray for us and uh assured them of our prayers. So just remember them. Brother Chad, Sister Lee, and and the family are not here as well today. U still in central I guess. So remember them. also was down to Adam last night and uh uh he had gotten his results from the MRI and the and the doctor told him that the uh the MRI was clean in the sense that uh everything is still in place as it was the damage to the spinal cord is still the same but not worse or anything like that and there's nothing more that they can do at that point. Um but uh the interesting thing is uh 7 years ago he had an MRI done and the MRI said that showed that he had uh arthritis and that it would get worse. U when he did the MRI this time no arthritis. So we thank the Lord for that. That's the God we serve. Just is just amazing. Adam has had his share of problems over the years and God has just brought him through every time. Amen. So, we thank the Lord for that. So, let's uh let's sing that. God still moves. Thank God he's he still moves among us. We need him all the time. Brother Vic will uh open in prayer. God still moves. Amen. God still moves. Hallelujah. In the hearts of his people, God still moves. Amen. He does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he smile. God still moves. Amen. God still moves. Sing it once more. Oh, God still moves. Oh, praise the Lord. God still lives. In the hearts of his people, God still moves. Praise the Lord. He does not sleep. Hallelujah. Nor does he sl [Music] dear heavenly father Lord thank you for one more service Lord thank you for bringing us here Lord to listen into your word, Lord. Lord, we welcome you in our midst, Lord. We praise you, Lord, for every word you have spoken, Lord, for your presence, Lord. We need you here, Lord. Bless brother Jonathan, Lord, to help him bring forth your word, Lord. Help him, Lord, to just be a complete vessel for you, oh Lord, and let him have a free flow for your word, Lord. Help us to receive it, too, oh Lord. Help us to separate ourselves, Lord, and just listen to you, Lord. Lord, there are many needs, Lord. But we pray to you for sister Cordella. Lord, help her keep pressing on, Lord. We pray to you, Lord, for Kachi, Lord. Be with him, Lord. Please be with Brother Kingsley and Sister Melody, too. Lord, it's a surely a trial, Lord. Help them come through it, Lord, and help them find you, Lord, through this trial, Lord. Lord, we pray to you for Sister Laura Snow, too, Lord. You have continued bringing her through victories, Lord. We pray for your strength on her and her family, Lord, to keep pressing forth, Lord. Lord, we pray to you and we praise you, Lord, for all the victories you have given brother Adam, Lord. Help him keep pressing on to Lord. Lord, we pray to you for Sister Kimberly, too. Oh, Lord. Help her keep pressing on, Lord. Please strengthen her, Lord, to come through her trial. Lord, help us, Lord, recognize that Lord, in every trial, in every victory, it's you, oh Lord. Every trial is a new revelation of you, oh Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord, to find that victory in our lives, Lord. Your revelation is our victory, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for perfecting our faith, Lord. Lord, we pray to you, Lord Jesus, for your presence to just drop in this service, Lord. Help us, Lord, to fill your presence, Lord, as we come into the service, Lord. We pray to you Lord Jesus for your kindness Lord for your mercy. Lord we love you, we praise you, we welcome you in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Amen. Number 443. Amen. I've anchored in Jesus the storms of life brave. Amen. By the grace of God, upon life's boundless ocean. Amen. Upon life's boundless ocean, where mighty billows roll, I fix my hope in Jesus, blessed anchor of my soul. When trials fiercely as storms are gathering or I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or wave. I have anchored in Jesus. For he has power to say, "I'm anchored in the rock of Amen." He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has still the waters and breathers do not seize. my pilot and deliverer to him I confine for always when I need him he's amen oh I've anchored in Jesus the storms of life I'll break I've anchored yes amen praise the Lord hallelujah I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to Today I'm anchored in the rock. Hallelujah. He is my friend and savior. In my anchor's past. He drives away my sorrows and shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward beyond life's trou. There I behold a haven prepared. Amen. Praise the Lord. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life are brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wonder. I have anchored in Jesus. Amen. I've anchored in the rock of a. He keeps my soul. He keeps my soul from evil. and gives me blessed peace. His voice as still the waters and [Music] wides my pilot and deliverer to him I occupied for always when I need him he's praise the Lord I've anchored in Jesus the storms of life I'll break I've anchored in Jesus I fear no wind or wave I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to say. I've anchored in the rock of aes. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll pray. Amen. Praise the Lord. I fear no way. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. 11:59. We have an anchor that keeps the soul. Praise the Lord. Will your anchor hold in the storms of life? When the clouds unfold their wings of strife, when the strong tides lift and the cables straight, will your anchor drift or burn? Amen. We have an anchor that keeps us all steadfast and sure while the pillows roll. Fasten to the rock which cannot move. Ground infirmity in the Savior's love. It is safely more the storm with hand for his well secure by the savior's hand. Though the tempest rage and the wild winds blow, not an angry wave willart. Oh, we have an anchor that keeps. Amen. Stand fast and sure while the pillows roll. Fastened to the rock which cannot move. Grounded firm deep in the Savior's love. When our eyes behold, through the gathering night, the city of gold never har. We shall anchor fast on the heavenly shore. Amen. Praise the Lord. Forever more. Oh, we Amen. that keeps the soul steadfast and sure while the pillows roll. Hallelujah. Wish can I just grounded firm and deep in the Savior's love? It is safely before the storm with forges well secured by the Savior stand. Though the tempest raise and the wild winds blow, not an angry way shall our burn. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, we have that keeps the soul steadfast and sure all passion to the rock. Amen. Rounded firming in the Savior's love and we have Amen. Praise the Lord. Stand first as sure while the build all go. Hallelujah to the rock which cannot prove. Amen. Grandfir in the same love and we have an anchor. Praise the Lord. Stand fast sure while the roll. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Cannot move. Grounded firm in the Savior's love. Amen. Praise the Lord. And what an anchor that is. Or he is. Praise the Lord. 3:25. The solid rock. My hope is built and nothing less. Jesus blood and his righteousness. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and rightousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the son. Amen. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. When every high and stormy hill, my anchor holds in [Music] the ground. Hallelujah. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath [Music] his blood me in the welling flood. All around my soul gives way. He that is all my hope and stay on Christ the solid. Praise the Lord. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Oh hallelujah is sinking sand. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I then be found dressed in his rightousness alone, fallless to stand. Praise the Lord. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems to I rest on his unchanging grace. Amen. [Applause] and stormy gy anger holds with me in the hell. On Christ the sun rock I stand. All ground is sinking sand. All other ground is praise the Lord. His oath, his covenant, his blood support me in the welling fun when all around my song is way. He is all my Amen. Praise the Lord. All other ground is shaking sand. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Of course he can. On Christ the solid. Hallelujah. Other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's uh let's sing 9:35. The anchor holds. Amen. I thank God for that anchor. Praise the Lord. What will we do without him? Amen. The anchor holds though the ship is bad. the anchor home. Lord of soul. Hallelujah. I have fallen on my knees as I praise the raing sea. The anchor home in spite of the storm they anor hallelujah they sh amen The anchor hold. Amen. I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging seas. They anchor home in spite of the storm they anor. Hallelujah. Though the [Music] shape may an L to I have fallen on my knees. [Music] As I ra the raing sea the anor. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. In spite of how the star or the anchor falls though the ship is better the anchor. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Though who sails adore I have fallen on my knees as I face the raing sea the anor. Hallelujah. In spite of the storm. Amen. Amen. Let's sing Just Beyond the Veil. It's 12:59. [Music] Just beyond the [Music] veil, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there, just beyond the veil. Beautiful. You are beautiful. You are beautiful. You are. You are beautiful. You are. And you are the prince of peace. Amen. You're the prince. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. You're the prince of peace. You are. You're the prince of peace. are marvelous you are. Let's stand. Oh, you are marvelous. You are you are marvelous. You are just beyond. Oh, just beyond the veil. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Just to see our beauty there, just beyond the veil. And beautyful you are. How beautiful you are. Beautiful. You are You are beautiful. You are. And you are the prince of all. Oh, you're the prince of peace. peace. You're the prince of peace. You are You're the prince of peace. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, you are our Lord and Savior. Lord, you're our rest. Lord, our rock in a weary land. You're our shelter, our protector, our provider, our defender. Lord, you are the mighty conqueror this morning. Lord, we are so thankful for all that you bring to us. Lord, in ourselves, we know there's no good thing. We bring nothing to the table, Lord, but a yielded vessel, Lord, that your power could flow through us, Lord. We're thankful for the blood this morning. We're thankful for a word that washes and cleanses us, Lord. Lord, we're thankful for a God that stands behind what he says. Lord, that all your words are yay and amen. And Lord, as we bring this message this morning, Lord, we pray that it would be you, Lord. All of you, none of me. Lord, that you would speak to the people. You would speak to this body of believers. Lord, that you would touch our lives, our hearts, our souls. Lord, that you would engraft your word into our lives. Each one, Lord, that your life could flow through us in purity. We pray, Lord. Bless your people, Lord. those that aren't here, those that are traveling, those that are sick. Lord, we pray a special grace to them, each one. Lord, just be with us now. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn, if you would again, to First John 4 and 18. Amen. We want to remember young Kachi. He's still not feeling particularly well. He's home. Sister Melody's with him today. So, just praying God's grace to them. But we also have some good news. And remember, brother Grant made it through his exam week. We're trusting that he made it through his exams. But him and Sister Nikki have been trying to buy a house as as many of you know, it's been mentioned and they've had opportunities and lost opportunities and it looks like they have bought a house. So, we're just waiting for the paperwork and the the financing, all those final details. You know how it is to go through, but by God's grace, they'll have a house in the next month or so, I'm guessing. And so, we want to pray that that would just work out perfectly. that the Lord would take them all the way through, give them the desires of their hearts and settle them here. Certainly happy to have them amongst us. So, God bless you, brother Grandister Nikki. Congratulations, and just trusting the Lord to continue to bless and provide for your needs. Remember Biscuit this morning. We gave him a ham bone which he completely ate the bone, everything. And it's it's kind of wre havoc on his digestive system. So, Jonathan's with him this morning just to make sure that he doesn't destroy the house while we're gone. But uh just pray the Lord to help us get a get his digestive system back where it needs to be. So we don't have to worry so much. So and Blanca can get some sleep through the night from having to wake up and deal with that. So amen. Just remember that. 1 John 4:18, we're continuing from last service. And he says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats again this morning. And we're continuing this thought on on uh no room for fear. And we closed last service on that idea of how how God says something and then people take it and they expand it and they add to it and they magnify it and it becomes something that God never ever intended. And we spoke specifically about the Sabbath day. How God said you shall do no work on it. No surviile work is is really the phrase that that that is intended there. And we looked at what God said and he had four things. Four types of work that you weren't allowed to do on the Sabbath. who was carrying, burning, plowing and reaping. And then by the time Christ came that four had expanded to 39 God, man, God, man, God, men, God, religious people, God, people with good intentions, God, men trying to develop their own ministries with a particular flavor. And we see how we have that tendency as people as a as well-intentioned as as people that are are inclined toward the things of God that we can take things and we can magnify it and we can make something out of it that God never intended. And I said last service that we don't really know the motive or intention behind why they expanded this so much. Moses never did it. That's for sure. While the prophet was there, it was never a law. But yet after the prophet left, all of a sudden, people took that prophet's message and they started to turn it into something that it wasn't. And by the time Christ came, it had gone from being a message to being a game of spiritual oneupmanship and about a facade and about a presentation of a of certain values and these different things. And and Jesus came and he rebuked them. He says, "Listen, these these men are putting these these huge burdens on you and they're not even doing it themselves. In public, they do it. In private, they don't do it." He says, "They're hypocrites and they're binding the people in things that God never intended." And and like I said, if we're to give people the benefit of a doubt, maybe those those men, those ministers had the best of intentions, and they they were just trying to protect the people. They were just trying to keep the people from doing things that would potentially hurt them or have the outcomes that that they'd seen happen in those things. And there's nothing wrong with giving advice, church. There's nothing wrong with giving warnings. There's nothing wrong with having a reason not to do something. But you've got to make sure that there's the word and then there's reasons. And they are not one and the same. Listen, we teach our kids many things and we say this is what this usually leads to. That's why we don't do it. The word doesn't have a standard, but we don't do that because we've seen the fruit of that decision in many people's lives and and in the aggregate on on average it tends to go very poorly. That's why we don't do it. But it's okay to have good reasons. It's okay to have ideas. But the thing is that my experience may not be your experience. And your experience may not be my experience. You may be buil built differently than I am. I'm certainly built differently than you are. And so what affects me may not affect you the same way or may affect you in a greater way. And we get into those different things. And so your danger is not a danger to me and my danger is not a danger to you because of how we're built in the way that God has made us. But I want to dig in this morning on this approach or this uh this approach that we can take where we add to the word of God. And the thing is this, we can't add anything to the word of God. You look at the last chapter of Revelation. He says, "If any man adds to the words of this book of prophecy or takes away from it, then the plagues that are in it will be added to his life." We do not add to the word of God, and we do not take away from the word of God. We preach it as God gave it, and we let him be the interpreter of it. We We let him do that. Amen. So, church, this morning, remember, I am not preaching to the world. I'm preaching to you. I'm preaching to me. I'm preaching to this church. I'm preaching to those that support this ministry. So, let's not look at this this morning and say, "Well, Brother John, that's for other churches. That's for other people. I'm preaching it here because the Lord has laid it on my heart to preach it here. I'm not out preaching at some other brother's church. This is for this church. Amen. I'm preaching to myself. I'm preaching to my family. I'm preaching to the congregation that God has given me. Now, Jesus comes and he he and and when he comes on the scene, he's constantly dealing with expectations. He's constantly dealing with man-made laws of the priesthood. And he has to help his disciples fight through this because they're under a tremendous amount of church and social pressure to do what they they they've been told to do all these times. And I want to take us into the scriptures this morning about this. He said in Mark 7, he says, "Then came together unto him the Pharisees and certain of the scribes which come from Jerusalem, spiritual people, people that know their Bibles. And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashing hands, they found fault." Now, catch the wording here. They didn't just say they're dirty. They didn't just say they're unwashed. He said they're defiled. That word means desecrated. That is not a simple dos and don'ts, church. That is putting a spiritual condition on a physical act. You are a desecrated believer. You know what we'd say today? If they had the Holy Ghost, they wouldn't do that. Right? Now remember, they've reduced the disciples to being desecrated people because they didn't wash their hands. He says, "For the Pharisees and all the Jews, except they wash their hands often, eat not holding the tradition of the elders." Can I put some names to it? Brother Mark, Brother Bob, Brother Gerald, Brother David, Mom, Dad. I'm not saying you do it, brothers, but I'm saying that's who it would be in our church that the elders would be putting a burden on the youngers by tradition and by teaching. Okay? Now, that word tradition is an interesting one because it means it is a handover. It is not something that is established. You don't need to hand over something that's established, church. You have to hand over something that is not established because it's not written anywhere. It's not it's not documented anywhere. You have to hand it over because you're carrying it and you've got to give it to somebody else to carry. That's what a tradition is. It's a handover. It's a carryover. Amen. It is not a revelation. It is a tradition. It's a handover from somebody else often without reason or explanation. This is the way it is. He says, ' And when they came from the market, except they wash hands, they eat not, and many other things there be, which they have received to hold. Many other traditions which they've been handed over, and they're holding them, they're a burden to them. Now, he said, as the washing of cups and pots and brazen vessels and of tables. Now, let me stop and ask this. Is washing hands bad? Church, in that age, washing hands was about one of the best things you could do? In that age, washing hands might save your life because people were pretty dirty. They didn't bathe that often very much in the old days traditionally. So, whenever somebody was sick, whenever somebody was dirty, whenever somebody was infected, if they didn't wash their hands and you didn't wash your hands, the plague would run rampant. That's why the the black plague could run rampant through the dark ages and these different things is because personal hygiene was horrible. Washing your hands saves lives back then. This is not a wrong thing to do. It is a good thing to do. It is a right thing to do. What it is not is a word thing to do. Okay. So, now we get into why do we wash our hands? To keep from spreading diseases. Good idea, but it's not a word requirement. But there is a word requirement to wash. And when you go into the book of Leviticus, you go into the law of Moses. Amen. There were there were those that had to wash because they had an open wound. So if you had a cut, if you had a sc a scab or something like that, you had to wash your hands and you had to wash everything that you touched. And if you refused to wash it, then you had to break that pot or whatever it was so that nobody would want to use it. If you were a butcher and you were dealing with carcasses, you're dealing with meat, you're dealing with potentially things that are very dangerous. And so you had to wash yourself and you had to wash your clothes if you touched those things. But God didn't tell everyone to wash everything all the time. What did he do, church? He went to the source of the problem and he dealt with it at source rather than spreading the burden over the entire congregation. So those that were in a position of danger to those things, he said, "You wash yourselves regularly." The priests had to wash to come into the presence of the Lord. The people did not. The priests did. There is a level of sanctification required for the ministry that is different than those of the congregation. Now if you live your life to that level of a minister that's a good thing but that is not necessarily the requirement. Okay. So what happened is these peoples that had that presented a danger to themselves or to others he said on you I place the burden of washing all the time but I don't put it on everyone else because they're not in danger. They're not a danger to the people that are around them. Amen. And so those that could cause suffering or pain or even death, he said, "We're going to keep you clean and everyone else can just go about their lives happy golucky because they're not a danger to anyone." Can you catch that, church? There are those that need to be clean. We're we're speaking spiritually now. Cleaner than others. Because otherwise, if they're not clean, it spreads to everyone else. There's a standard of life for the ministry that I believe is higher than the people. Because people look at the ministers and they take what the ministers do and they go one or two steps beyond that. So if we live a life that's higher, then what happens is they'll live right there and they'll be perfectly fine if they can do that. But we don't live our lives by standards of the ministry church. That's above and beyond. That's what gets us here in the first place is we live by a minister standard rather than by a word standard. You'll notice we wash our hands all the time, don't we? During co what did they say? Wash your hands. Wash your hands. Wash your hands. We ought to wash our hands all the time. Who washes their hands more than anybody else in the world, church? Doctors. Why? Because if a doctor has dirty hands and they're touching people that are sick, they can make them even sicker. A surgeon with germs on his hands can kill a person because he's going into situations where you can't go in dirty. He's going he's breaking barriers. He's breaking B things that are put in the body to keep infection out. He's going past those barriers for barriers for the intent of saving a life of correcting something. But he's got to go in perfectly clean or he kills that person, that patient. Listen, if you're a hand in the church, you're going to have to be cleaner than anybody else because the hands touch everything. We eat with our hands. We we shake hands. We hug people. We handle everything with our hands. And then it touches our mouth. It touches our face. It touches other people. The hands have to be clean. Is it okay for a hand to be dirty? Yes. if it's doing dirty things, but you better wash your hands after you're done doing the dirty things because then you're going to do things that require your hands to be clean. What if you're a knee? Do we worry about dirty knees? No. Knees don't touch anybody. Knees are of zero importance when it comes to cleanliness. You could live your life with dirty knees and never have a problem. But you live with dirty hands and you're going to have lots of problems. You're going to have lots of sickness. You're going to cause lots of issues. Amen. So listen, you can be the world's cleanest knee, but you don't have to be clean. But if you're a hand, you've got to be a clean hand. Otherwise, it causes issues in your body. Amen. He says, "Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashing hands?" Church, at least they're honest, honest enough to say, "Hey, this is our rule. This is not the law of Moses. This is ours. It's a tradition, not the word of God." And he answered and said unto them, "Well hath Isaiah prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, this people honorth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me." Now notice Jesus problem is not with the washing. His problem is with the doing what God never told you to do and not doing what God told you to do. God doesn't care so much if you go above and beyond. That's on you. You can do that if you want. But he's saying, "At least do what I've told you to do." And when you expand it and do a bunch of things he told you not to do and you don't do the things that he did, that's when we get problems. And that's when you develop a legalistic religious group of people. That's exactly what he's dealing with. They put their own traditions above the law of God. He says, "How be it in vain do they worship me teaching for doctrines of commandments of men." This is the definition of a denomination. It's the commandments of men being taught as if they're the word of God. Now realize this, church. The Pharisees didn't stop preaching the word of Moses. They didn't stop preaching the message of Moses, but they added on to it. They blended it in. And what happened is they destroyed the faith of the people and they took the power out of the word. That's it. Because guess what? If I tell you something that's of me and not of God, how much power does it have? Zero. I'll tell you that today. Zero. What I say has no power. What the word says is where the power is. And so what happened when they blended it? They lost that. Amen. And it turned them into religious people rather than righteous people. It turned them into self-righteous people is really what happened there. It got them dwelling on their own works rather than focusing on the fact that we need the blood. We need the blood, church. It's our works aren't getting us there. We've got to have the blood. And it got their eyes off the atonement. It got them working on their own salvation. And it led them down a path of destruction. He says, "For laying aside the commandment of God, we hold the tradition of men as the washing of pots and cups and many other things, many other such things you do." So, our focus is on the laws and the rules and the standards and the traditions of the church rather than what God told them to do in the first place. And it bound the people. It was self-made works to please God and to make them feel good about themselves. And he said unto them, "Full well ye reject the commandment of God that you may keep your own tradition." Jesus would say that you neglect the weightier matters of the law, justice and mercy and all these things. He says, "You don't have the attitude or the approach of the law. What you've got is a bunch of rules to make you feel good, to make you look good." And he comes down to verse 13. He says, "You're making the word of God of none effect through your tradition." He says, "You've taken the power out of the word." He says, "Which you have delivered and many such like things they do." They've distracted the people from the essence of what really matters. And they've blanketed that word with personal traditions and rules and regulations. Brother Bram says it this way. Kind of glad we don't have visitors this morning. He says, "And today we still use self-sufficiency. We use all the different ideas and vain philosophies of man. And it's absolutely of not. Jesus said, "Men worship me teaching for doctrine their traditions of men and they worship in vain." He said, "You could worship the Lord and still not be worshiped in the right way and it would not be reckoned to you for reconciliation." God doesn't recognize your worship outside of what he tells you to do. That's not it. You can offer the sacrifice, but he's looking for what he asked for, not for what you want. Jesus would say this. He would say, speaking of Jesus, it says, ' And he had a contrary doctrine to what they've been taught. Yet his doctrine was purely scriptural. He says, I want you to hold that now just for a little bit and watch. It was scriptural. Every word that he said was scripture itself. Not one time did he break any scriptures, but fulfilled it just exactly. But their way of teaching it was contrary to what it really was. And then he says these words, "I wonder sometimes about after 1900 years if we haven't strayed a little bit from the path and gotten just a little bit off the path." I want you to catch that. He says, "You do something for God, you do it sincerely, and it's not what God required of you. And therefore, it is not worship. Worship is to give him what he asks for, not to give him what you have." The whole world is worshiping him. And they're giving him what they want and what makes them feel good and what makes them feel religious and what makes them feel accepted. And Kabad is written over the door. God's not even in it because they've walked away from the word of God. Amen. God asks us to do it his way, not our way. There's only one door. There's only one way. There's only one truth. There's only one life, church. And it's his way. It's not our way. The life of a born again believer is one of liberty in the spirit, not of traditions of the church. Amen. If we say if we take start taking a bunch of rules and living by it, we start to take comfort in the fact that we're a rule follower rather than a spiritfilled believer. Okay, that turns us into religious people, not sons and daughters of God. We've completely missed the picture. Watch this. Brother Bram says this. He says, "Now some of them say if we keep the commandments, that's all we have to do." He said, "If keeping commandments was all that God required, Jesus died in vain. The Holy Spirit didn't have to come because they had the commandments before the Holy Spirit came. He said, "But it takes the Holy Spirit to keep the commandments. You have to have it." God's word is always perfect and always the same each time. He says, "Now men pervert it and change it." And when Jesus came the first time, he found that men were doing this very same thing. They were perverting the ways of God. And Jesus said to them, "In vain you worship me. in vain you worship me. Teaching for doctrine the commandments of men. He says, "Now anything that's in vain, there's nothing to it. It's no good." And Jesus told the worshippers of that day that they were worshiping him in vain, teaching for doctrine the commandments of men. He says, "What am I trying to say?" He said, "You've got to go back to the word of God to get back. We have a restoring message in this age. taking us back to the word. Not taking us back to tradition. Not taking us back to denomination. Taking us back to the living word. He says, "You've got to go back. The church will never be able to move forward any further until it gets to the word and move on the word." We've got to come to the word. No matter what the sensation is, what it looks like, how big the church is, how mighty the people are, you've got to come back to the word of God. That's God's eternal word and we have to come to it. What does eternal mean? Unchanging. It has not changed. So why have we changed the word is what stays the same. We need to conform ourselves to the word. Let it be born in our lives. He said Jesus said, "In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrine, the theologies of men, not the word." He says, "Man, his own conception of the word being interpreted." As I've said, God don't need no interpreter. He interprets every word himself. See, you don't need somebody to interpret it to you. God interprets it to you when you're willing to accept it. See, that's the life. That's life itself. I always tell this story about mom in her makeup, and she's given me permission to talk about this over the pulpit many times. My mom, it was preached that we don't wear makeup. Why don't we wear makeup, church? Because Jezebel was the woman that wore makeup. And Jezebel is not what anybody should pattern after that's a believer. That's why we don't do it. Okay? That's why we don't do it. But my mom said, "Lord, I like my makeup." But your word says that the spirit of a woman that likes makeup is not that of a believer. there's a gap between my desire and the word, I need you to close it. She did not say, "I'm stopping makeup." She said, "If you will take the desire away, I'll give up my makeup." Why? Because then there's a life behind it rather than a rule behind it. And 6 months later, she wasn't wearing makeup and she doesn't even know how it went away. I asked my father about it. I said, "Dad, do you remember this?" He said, "John, I remember it clearly. It just started to fade away until one day she had no more makeup on and no more desire to do it, no more inclination to go back to it ever again. And she's never had to deal with it. Why? Because he changed her rather than conformed her to a set of rules. Amen. That's what we're looking for. And I'm getting ahead of my message this morning. We're not really going to go down this way, but we're trying to think about what does it mean to have the token life. It is not to follow dos and don'ts. It's to have the desires of the life of God inside of you living itself out without inhibition, without fear, without worry, without anxiety, without saying what will people think to say, "He has forgiven me. He has changed my life. I'm walking in liberty this morning." Who cares what people say? Now, there is a care we ought to have. And there's a balance there, and that's Romans 14. We'll cover that in a different service. But we've got to preach it as a life rather than as a requirement. That's why church, do we have standards? We have standards. But I'm not here to say you must do. I'm here to say you must receive him. That's what I preach. I'll preach the Holy Ghost all day long. And if you get the Holy Ghost, he'll take care of the standard. 100%. 100%. Get the Holy Ghost. You're having a problem with your kids, get them the Holy Ghost. Lead them to the Holy Ghost. Set an atmosphere in your home rather than just setting rules and regulations. Amen. They will come to life and they'll live it rather than come to the dos and don'ts and just obey it until they can get out from under it. Now, we can look at this and we can say, "Well, brother John, that's the the Pharisees. That's the Sadducees." We would expect that. It's obvious. Jesus said you are of your father the devil. That's what those kind of people do. They're just religious. No, that's not just religious people do it. We all do it. We all do it. We've had some really interesting conversations in our house over the last couple of days since I preached this on Wednesday and wondering where we were going with it cuz what happens when other believers are around us and they're trying to tell us this is wrong and that's wrong and you can't do this and you better do that. We deal with it. Absolutely. We deal with it in this very church. In every church, I'm not targeting us. I'm saying every church I've ever gone to has standards and traditions and ideas that have nothing to do with the word of God. And some that are built on it and magnified, some that have growth hormone injected into it to make it into something it was never intended to be. We all have all sorts of ideas and preferences and feelings about the way things should be done. And it has nothing to do with God for the other person. It may be all of God in your life. It may be all of God in my life. You know, listen, you look at the scripture and the scripture says, "And the word of the Lord came to soand so." Can I give you an example this morning? The word of the Lord came to Hosea and he said, "Go and get a wife that is a prostitute." Now, church, if I was to tell you brothers, that is the word of the Lord, and you all went out and got wives of prostitutes, what would this church be? It did end up exactly the way Hosea's marriage ended up poorly because it's not a standard. But for you, it is the word of God because God gave it to you. But he didn't give it to you, Brother Grant. If he told me to marry a woman like that, that's for me. But he didn't tell Brother Grant to do that. And until he does, Brother Grant should not go out and marry a prostitute. I didn't marry a prostitute, by the way. Far from it. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. But you see what I'm talking about? It can be a personal direct revelation and direction for you from God Almighty. And it is not the word. It is the word to you. It's for you to protect you, to guard you, to guide you, to provide for you, whatever that case may be. And as long as it doesn't contradict the word, that's okay. But it is not a church standard. It's a personal standard. We'll see this as Brother Brandham talks about it in a little bit. Watch this as we continue on. He says, "And it came to pass as Jesus set a meet in his house." He's talking about Matthew's house. He just called Matthew. Matthew came immediately. Praise the Lord, brother Matt. Right? He says that many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples, for there were many and they followed him. It's a mixed multitude. And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said unto his disciples, "How is it that he eateth and drinkkeeth with publicans and sinners?" Now church, catch this. This is a lesson for mature believers. Do we have any mature believers in here this morning? We got seven. Do we have mature believers this morning? Because let's see this church. The the the test of maturity is how you deal with immaturity. That's why we need maturity is to deal with the immature. Because if I am immature and I'm dealing with immaturity, what comes out of it? Nothing good. But it takes maturity to deal with immaturity. be the right way. It says when Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, they that are whole have no need of a physician, but they that are sick. I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. Jesus is saying, listen, mature believers can handle unbelievers. Mature believers can handle sinners. Mature believers can handle being outside of their house. Mature believers can stand to be around conversations and conduct that is unbecoming to them, but it does not touch them because they are of another kingdom. They're another life, of another conversion. They can be around it and not be touched by it. It does not change who they are. Jesus is not there for his sake. He's there for their sake. He allows them into Matthew's house. Hey, Matthew, come and follow me. By the way, look at this crowd. We're going to have them in your house. No. Unbelievers, ranked sinners, inviting them into your house. Whoa. Would we do that? Why? Jesus has a desire for their soul that looks beyond the dirt that surrounds them. Remember what Jesus said to Peter? Because here's the thing, church. We can sit at home and say, "I'm not going to get dirty." Jesus said, "Peter, you're clean every wit because I've washed you. But when you walk around, you're going to get dirty no matter what." And that's what the daily washing of water by the word is for. Because as we walk around, we're going to get dirty. And we're meant to walk around. Jesus said, "You are a city on a hill that cannot be hid." Right? Man does not take a light and put it under a bushel. You cannot be it. You have to be a witness and a testimony. And to be that, you're going to walk where things are dirty. And you've got to be okay with it. But I made a provision to daily wash you from those things. We got to go to work, brothers. Brother Matt, how are conversations in the bluecollar world? They ain't good. Get Let me tell you, in the white collar world, they're no better. People cussing like sailors, men and women alike. It doesn't matter, church. You're going to get dirty. But the thing is that ought not to be a fear that I'm going to get dirty. Why? Because I passed from death unto life. I passed from dirt into his righteousness. This is not going to hold me back. Now, you got to be able to judge yourself. Just cuz brother John says, "Go out, go ye into all the world, you got to be careful you go where God wants you to go." And that's where leadership comes in. But mature believers can handle immature situations, difficult situations, worldly situations, rough language. We're not looking for it. We're looking for souls and we're willing to go through the dirt and the mire to get it. Okay? I hope you catch my heart this morning. Listen to this. Because you say, you know, the last one it was the Pharisees and the and the different ones, but we're talking now about believers putting pressures. And in verse 18 it says, "And when the disciples of John, the prophets's disciples, was John a true true prophet, church, did John have a true message? Was John preaching the pure word?" These are real believers that followed John. And the Pharisees, they used to fast. And they came and said unto him, "Why did the disciples of John and the Pharisees fast? But your disciples fast not." Let me put it this way. Why does our church do this, but your church doesn't do that? Why does our family do this, but your family doesn't do that? We've all had it. We've all heard it. Realize what's going on now. These are the pro the disciples of John. John told his disciples, "Follow Jesus. He's the Messiah. I must decrease. He must increase. Go follow him." And then they go to him and they say, "How come your disciples don't act like us? If you're taking us further, why aren't they as fervent in their way of life as we are? Okay, you guys are really listening this morning. Why do they do it and we don't do it? Or why don't they do it when we do it? Okay. Is there anything wrong with fasting? No. Is there anything good about fasting? Yep. Is fasting scriptural? Yes. Is fasting required? No. Fasting is required if you want to get certain results. Jesus said there's some demons only go out by prayer and fasting. There are some things that are dealt with based on setting yourself aside to get closer to God. Not about public displays. Oh, I'm fasting. We're not supposed to tell people we're fasting. That's between you and God. Otherwise, it becomes a facade. It becomes a religious embellishment of your life. Has nothing to do with God. Then, so it's scriptural, but you don't have to do it. Says, "And Jesus said unto them," here's his answer. Now, "Can the children of the bride chamber fast while the bridegroom is with them? As long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast. But the days will come when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days." What's the purpose of fasting? It's to get rid of all distractions and focus yourself on getting an answer from God. And Jesus says, "Listen, God's in flesh right now. Why would you fast? You can literally come have a conversation with me. The word is walking with you. You don't have to go and fast to find it. It's here." He says, "When I go away, that's when you might need to fast. But for now, you don't because what you have need of is right here now. Take advantage of it. Don't be religious while the answer's here. recognize what's here and you won't have to fast. Save the fasting for when I'm not here is basically what he's saying. Then he says these words, "No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment. Otherwise, else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old and the rent is made worse." We talked about that law last on on Wednesday, how if you take two different materials, then they'll pull apart. Well, it's the same thing with the same material but new and old. The old stuff has been it may be shrunk. It may be tightened up. They may be pulled apart. Whatever it is, you put the new with the old and all it does is it highlights the the the the fact that there is a repair made to the to the garment and it also pulls it worse. You can't do it that way. Then he says, "And no man putteth new wine into old bottles, else the new wine do burst the bottles and the wine is spilled, but the battle and the bottles will be marked. But new wine must be put into new bottles." Because what Jesus is saying here, he's saying, "Guys, you can't take the old and blend it with the new. You got to move on into the new and leave the old behind." He's talking now about the switch from law into grace, from the fulfillment of the law, now moving them into a whole new chapter. He says, "Guys, you can't do what you've been doing all along. It's great. You've got these things. It's all good. It's not bad in and of itself, but you can't hold on to an old way of life when you're coming into new life. it won't work. You've got to embrace the new and do away with the old. Okay, we saw this happen in the early days when people, you know, they came into Pentecost and they came into, you know, the different ones that might have been Salvation Army or wherever it was and they were in those things and they had all sorts of church traditions. I remember brother Gerald telling us about some of the the the traditions that they had in church where if a sister came in with a hat that was too fancy, they'd snip the they'd snip the the feather off. Now, we might laugh if we're immature. Sorry, Paul. We might laugh at that, but what is that? Rules and regulations. Did that change that woman? She needed a heart change, not a clothing change. That's why when we have visitors here, I've told the deacons, "Unless they are truly indecent, we let them in." Because we're looking for them to have a new birth experience, not a makeover. We are not here for makeovers. We are here to have a soulchanging, lifechanging experience with a personal Jesus Christ. That's all I'm interested in. I am not interested in that. I would rather you young people were disobedient in sincerity than faking it until you could leave cuz faking it won't get you anywhere. Now you're better off doing the right thing but there's no sincerity in that and you're not benefiting from it except that it guards you from different things. Okay. So what happened? people who came into Pentecost. And what did Pentecost do, church? They set up standards. Look at the Methodists. You talk about standards. The Methodists had standards. You can look at the Amish out in Western Canada. You have a ton of people that came out of the Menanite communities and the Amish communities. You talk about standards and they came right into the message and they carried half of those standards in there. And it had nothing to do with anything. It was just the way they were raised. It was the way their church was growing up. It was the way their family was. And they carried that in. And what did they do? They took it and they started to blend it into the message and spread all of these sorts of things. And what does it do? It sets expectations. It sets traditions. It sets rules and regulations inside of the church and has nothing at all to do with the word of God. And it binds people. And the minute that they do something that is contrary to that, the church hammers them down. Why? Because it's a church tradition. Nobody shall break it. I've heard dozens of things preached and preached hard that had nothing to do with the word of God. Never a scripture was mentioned, but they'll hit it and they'll hit it and they'll hit it until the people are too cowed to follow the leading of the of the spirit in their life. Brother Ram says it this way. Notice he said in vain do they worship me teaching discrepancy for doctrine. He says the docu uh teaching for doctrine, the discrepancy, the doctrines of men, the creeds of men, teaching that to be the word of God when it has nothing to do with the word of God. Okay? Can I give you some examples of this? Don't get tense on me this morning. Okay? Let's sit down. Let's just listen to this. I'm going to tell you things that I have heard preached around this message or that people have relayed to me that have been preached around this message. I call these things sacred cows. Sacred cows. Brother Vichel is the only one that probably knows what that means. In India, cows are sacred. You can't touch them. You can't do anything. You can't even push them off the road. You definitely can't eat them. Things that shall not be touched, that are inviolent, that you cannot question, and that if you say or do anything contrary to it, you get hammered down. I put up the pictures for it. I've heard it preached that men can part their hair down the middle. Can I read you a quote? I didn't put it up. Burbraham says, "The only thing I know last night I remember thinking the man I thought he had such pretty hair, parting his hair in the middle, this gray-headed man sitting here, he cares. Do you care?" What does parting your hair have to do with anything, church? Nothing. But yet, people will preach, you can't part your hair down the middle. Has to be a side part. I look around this church, I think we're all side parters. But our sisters part down the middle. Some of them, right? What does parting your hair have to do with anything, church? Nothing. If you're patterning it because the world starts to do it, that's where we have a problem. And it's not the hair parting that's the problem. It's the following the spirit of the world that's the problem. Here's the thing. Did you notice for a while that high and tight haircuts and nicely trimmed beards were in vogue? Guess what? I was in style for a while. I fit in. But when they moved on, I stayed. Why? Because I'm not doing it for the world. I'm doing it because that's how I want my hair to be. That's just the way it is. My hairstyle has changed very minimally throughout my 45 years of life. It just doesn't change. Why? I am who I am. I'm not following the world. There was a while there where I was seeing message ministers changing their hair constantly. And I said, "What in the world is going on here? There's a problem." Now, listen. Sometimes you men have been in a barber and they do something you didn't intend. Listen, sometimes they take way too much off. Maybe they're trying to modernize us. I don't know. Sometimes that happens. Listen, we don't sit there and say exactly how we want it. Most of us don't at least. But sometimes they do something beyond what we do. Okay. But when you see people constantly changing their hairstyles, I say we've got a problem. But it's not a standard problem. It's an influence problem. See, we preach against the fashion rather than against the influence. That's the problem. Fix the influence problem. You won't have to deal with fashion issues anymore. It has been preached that you cannot have short sleeves for men or women. You can look down the list here. I put all of these abominations in front of us. It has been preached that you cannot wear any jewelry. It has been preached that you can't wear a jean skirt. My sister, my my wife told me this one. She said a a man was hammering this, but he didn't hammer it until he got you. And he says, "Any sisters that are wearing jean skirts, stand up." And they stood up and he says, "You're going to hell for wearing a jean skirt." We laugh, but we do it. It may not be jean skirts, okay? Young people can't play sports. Says who? Your prophet allowed his daughter to play tennis. What is it? Protecting them maybe. I don't know. But to preach it as an absolute, that's where we get into issues. You can't buy clothes from a store. Yes, people preach that because anything that is bought from the world has a worldly influence behind it. Therefore, it could never be on a Christian's body. You can't buy or read books not printed by a Christian publisher, including Bibles. Yeah, church. Do you honestly think that any publisher is Holy Spirit anointed and filled? It's silliness. The fact that they call themselves Christian does not make them Christian. When you look at everything they put out, there's stuff I wouldn't read from them. Well, what do we do? We pick and choose to make ourselves look better. It's just an attempt to make ourselves righteous when it's his righteousness is all that matters. You can't listen to music if it's not being sung by a message believer. Why? They don't have the Holy Ghost. Church, you're the filter, not them. You're the filter, not them. I won't list the name. You know the brother. He said to me, "Brother John, I can't listen to anything that's not sung by a message believer." But he doesn't preach that. He says, "I personally can't do it." He says, "But we've got a brother in our church that goes out and gets it, brings it in, cleans it up." He says, "And I'll listen to that all day long. It's the exact same song. He just can't take it raw." I have a ton of respect for that man to say, "For me, I can't do it." But I sure appreciate somebody that can go and make it into something that I can enjoy. Somebody's got to go out there and get dirty for his benefit. But that person that gets dirty has to make sure that they aren't truly getting dirty, that they're not not getting caught up in the spirit of rock and roll, of emotionalism, of songs that are all about us. Have you found Have you realized how much that worship songs have turned into me me songs rather than yuyu you songs? Absolutely. To go out and what did they do when they pulled in the nets? Jesus pulled in the nets. What did they do? He says he says, "I go out and I cast the net." He says, "And I only take the stuff that's good and I throw the rest away." That's what people do. I look at what my kids listen to and I listen to what my kids listen to because I want to know what they're listening to. Guess what? Some of it I throw away. Some of it I keep. But guess what? They've got to learn to figure it out themselves. They've got to learn how to figure it out themselves. You'll find that people that keep their babies in their house and never let them play with dirt, you know what happens to those babies? Always sick. I'm not saying feed them dirt. I'm saying occasional access with parental uh uh oversight will let them figure it out for themselves. There's a wisdom there. And every child is different. Some of my kids cannot handle certain things. And some of them you could do the exact same thing with them or allow them in it and it doesn't affect them. They just move on. No drums in church. Listen, drums are in the scripture. David writes many times, "Praise the Lord upon this and this and this and this." Some of them are strings. Some of them are percussion. They didn't have pianos back then. They didn't have organs back then. And we've made those the standard of all you can have in a church in some places. Some places they won't allow a piano, only an organ. Which leads to only old hymns can be sung in church. Can't sing anything new. Why? Personal standards. To say that no music today is anointed is to say that the Holy Spirit has left the world. Because as long as you have Christians that are yielded to the spirit of God, they will produce things that are for benefit for the bride of Christ 100%. We have message songwriters and musicians within the message that produce wonderful music. But church, realize this. You can have a right anointing on a wrong vessel and it can still produce something beautiful. There are songs we sing in this church that come from Hill Song Church. Church that's an antichrist church. It's a messed up denomination that focuses on me rather than Christ. But they have some beautiful music. And then they have mostly horrible rock and roll music, but they have some beautiful music. And what do we do? We take the cherry pie and we spit out the seeds. Now, if what you get is constantly pits, I'd say you probably don't be need to be eating from that pie. That would be my recommendation. But listen, if you're willing to to spit out seeds all day long, go and have at it. That's between you and God. I've heard it preached you can't own a motorcycle. I've heard it preached you can't go into the house of a person that isn't a Christian. When I was in Edmonton, I uh I took on a a volunteer opportunity to help immigrant engineers because the the the the work culture of of North America is quite different from a lot of others, especially Europe. And so I was working with this European guy and boy, he was having all sorts of issues. So I worked with him for a while and he really appreciated it. And he said, "I want to have you and your family over to my house for Christmas." And I said, "We would love to do that." He said, "You will be our guests of honor. This is just for you. we're going to do a multi-course meal. I said, "Lord Jesus, help me. European food does not tend to agree with me. They've got all sorts of interesting things." And I was right to pray. But we went over and they sat us down on the couch and their daughters are classically trained musicians and they played these beautiful pieces for us as guests. Two of them. They did a concert just for us. And then they brought out a round of food and then they did this and then they did that and we were their honored guests. What a wonderful time to just show the love of Christ to somebody that needed some help and to accept their thanks graciously without saying, "I'm sorry. I really appreciate it, but I'm a Christian and I can't go where unbelievers are. We're going to deal with this later." Can't use dice in a game, even if it's not gambling. My sons and I played yatsi yesterday. Five dice. I'll say this. When I in our house, we'd ever played with dice. We had a spinner for everything. What's wrong with the dice if it's for counting? Nothing. But it's associated with gambling. And so we say you can't ever use dice. Church, I don't know about you, but I never gambled. I have no background in gambling. I have no background in guard in cards. My wife was telling me her father would never allow them to play card games of any sort. Just seeing you holding cards of any type of any game. He couldn't handle it because that was the world to him. But if you're not of the world and you have no history of the world, it's not the world to you. It's just a game. Dice is just that. It's a counting mechanism. It's not a gambling mechanism, but you have it preached and all of a sudden nobody has dice in their house. Now, some of these things are a very tight interpretation of scripture. In other words, they actually have some sort of a scriptural basis and some of them are pure fantasy, some of them are controlling and some of them are with good intentions. Some have a little bit of the word. Some of them are past are a carryover of a past life, of past experiences, of past church traditions or past worldly habits. I I remember um I I forget what song it was and I was like and I was playing it. Somebody says that that's just a ripoff of of an Elvis song and I'm like okay. To them it was Elvis. They couldn't listen to it. To me it didn't mean anything. Didn't mean anything. It it wasn't sin to me because there was no sin attached to it. But for that person, it was wrong. They could not listen to that. And they frankly couldn't understand how I could, but I have no association with it of anything else. But it sounded like something that was wrong to them, and therefore that made anything of it wrong as well. Take something like clothing and jewelry. I hope we're okay this morning. We're getting we're getting pastoral. We're getting personal this morning. Take clothing and jewelry. There's a word standard for that. This is why I'm saying, you know, we got on the lower left, no jewelry. The scripture doesn't say no jewelry. But watch what it does say. Paul said, "In like manner also that women adorn." That word adorn means ornament decorate to make compellingly attractive. So let the women make themselves compellingly attractive in what? Modest apparel with shamefacedness and sobriety. And then here's where people say it says no jewelry, not with braided hair or gold or pearls or costly array, but which becometh women professing godliness with good works. It's not a none of this and this. It's let this be the thing that draws people to you. Okay? This isn't an absolute denial that women cannot wear jewelry. Listen, we wear wedding rings. If there was an absolute denial of it, we shouldn't wear wedding ring. And there are some churches that preach no wedding rings. Okay. Paul is saying that your adorement, what makes you compellingly attractive, sisters, is your modesty and your good works, not your beautiful, expensive clothing and not your jewelry and not your amazing hairdos. I love how you sisters do your hair. My wife, man, she can do her hair up and she does these amazing knots and twists and everything and I'm amazed. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. But that is not what is supposed to draw people to you. What is supposed to draw people to you is your attitude, the simplicity of your dress, the modesty of your dress, and the way you present yourselves in attitude and life. Okay? People aren't drawn to you because they want your clothes. They're drawn to you because they want what you have as a person. Okay. Brother Bram says this way. Not like some of these weird creatures we see on the street of this day. Church, if they said it was weird that day, what would he say today? Yoga pants everywhere. Flesh showing everywhere. Uh weird colors of the rainbow of hair tattooed up. Weird. It's weird. He says, "Not that kind of pretty." No, that's the most horrible looking sight I ever saw in my life. That is the perversion that's perverting the true thirst. He's speaking on thirst. Now, the true thirst that a woman should have will be to adorn themselves in modest apparel and to have a Christlike spirit. That's 1 Timothy 2:9. He says, "Now, that's a way the woman should thirst to be." Now, if you want to be pretty, that's the way that makes you pretty. It's a Christlike spirit and adorned in modest apparel. When it comes to modesty, when it comes to the way we dress, church people get offended all the time by us not meeting their standard all the time. Now look, if there's a legitimate basis for that standard, then we can sort of understand where somebody's coming from. And so we can maybe have a little more grace and we can decide how we approach it. And that's the Romans 14 approach where if a brother doesn't eat meat, then for his sake, I won't do it. And we'll talk about that in another service, Lord willing. But you got to realize we've got people that are You're enjoying this, aren't you, brother Vichel? We've got people that are coming out of something and when they come out of something something, they're bringing all their luggage with them. And they may have never heard the full word being preached before. Brother Vichel, can I use you as an example? Brother Vichel comes out of an Indian, East Indian background, so he has all of the cultural norms. And then he comes out of a Pentecostal background. So he has a bunch of different religious norms and he comes into a church that says that you got to go beyond Pentecost. Brother Vichel has has religious traditions. He has cultural traditions. He has dietary traditions. He has doctrinal traditions. When he comes in, do we take him and say this is the message box? We better not because otherwise we'll make him twofold more a child of hell by conformity rather than letting the Holy Spirit work through him. And we will drive him out in frustration and fear and annoyance because we're trying to force him to become what God will do in his own good time. Okay, listen. And there's things that we do that probably shocked brother Vichel and he had to get past that. And I guarantee you, brother Vichel, there were things you did that shocked us. But how do we react, church? Mature believers can handle immaturity because we've all been there. We've all had to deal with these things. So sometimes they do things that shock us. Sometimes we do things that shock them. And we've got to be okay with that. We've got to be able to let God do the work. And then we look past those things and what do we do? We preach the word. We preach the word. We preach the word. Not conformity, not personal standards, not church tradition. We preach the word. And if they are a child of God, they will catch it. They will receive it. They will surrender to it. And the spirit of God will produce it in their life. And that's how you know they're a child of God. Okay? But if you come out of a particular holiness group, they've got a standard for church, for dress length, for sleeve length, type of buttons if any, for shoes, all of these different things, for hairstyles or hair cutting as the case may be. All of these things. And we have to realize that there is a word standard for those things. And then there is a church standard. People want defined standards because there's comfort in knowing you meet the standard. But God has left some things deliberately vague to test your faith, to test your character, and to test your maturity to see if you will stand on your own two feet with the revelation that God gives you. Amen. Why? The law of Moses was a standard. And how'd that work out for them? Not good. Not good at all, church. Modesty is not a standard. Modesty is a mindset. It's an attitude. Paul says it. Paul said to draw dress modestly. He said that means to dress with shamefacedness and sobriety. He did not say your skirts have to be this long. Your sleeves have to be this long. You have to have a particular amount of fluff to everything to hide your figure. He said the the the key to modesty is how you approach it. And he says it's with shamef facedness and sobriety. That word shamefacedness means a sense of honor, modesty, bashfulness, reverence, regard for others, and respect. You know what we hear today? If you got it, flaunt it. Go as close. Even within this message, you'll hear people say, "Well, as long as it's a dress and a blouse, you're good to go." But this world says, "If you got it, flaunt it. Who cares what people think? Who cares what men think? Who cares what attention you get? Attention's good. I'm going to be me and I'm going to show everything I've got." It's a horrible thing. It's a horrible thing. And there's no respect. That's an antichrist spirit on a woman that causes her to flaunt her build. Absolutely. Antichrist spirit. Why? It's the spirit of a That you want attention based on your sensuality. That's not what a Christian looks for. A Christian looks for character. Amen. The way you dress reflects your attitude towards others. And modesty is about others, not just yourself. It's about how you present yourself. Then he says it's in so it's with shame facess. He says modesty is also with sobriety. That means soundness of mind and self-control. Now Paul said in second Timothy he says for God hath not given us the spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a sound mind. Amen. In other words the port this portion of modesty comes from the Holy Spirit not from a standard. Remember what you got to realize that a sound mind a a and self-control is a fruit of the spirit. You cannot have true self-control without the Holy Spirit. So that means that you go into this this idea of a sound mind. It's not a standard. It speaks of self-control. And so you know the effect that you could have on people and you choose not to use it. Okay? You know the weaknesses of others, sensual and jealous sisters. I hate to say this. Sometimes we get caddyy. And it's simple jealousy that causes it because you wish that you could dress that way. But mommy won't let you. Daddy won't let you. Your husband won't let you. What will the church say? And there's nothing wrong with how that sister is dressing. You just wish you could do it. It's the honest truth. Seen it, dealt with it. Sometimes it's about dressing in a way that's a higher standard so as not to offend. And that's out of respect. and that's okay. But that's a personal decision. That's not a church decision. Okay? We'll touch on that part a little bit later, Lord willing. Then Paul says, "You have to be modest." That means respectable, virtuous, and decent. Now, church, that is absolutely up to personal interpretation. What is respectable today and what was respectable in brother Brandham's day is actually quite different. What has changed? Used to be a woman couldn't show her ankles. I can see all your sisters ankles today. I'm pretty sure. Were they right? And are we wrong? So why is it wrong if it's now the shin bone instead of the ankle tradition? But I'm going to talk about this a little bit. Okay. Some people preach you can't wear short sleeves for modesty. Some people preach that your skirt or your dress has to go to your ankles. Some people preach it has to go below your knees. Some people preach you can't have a slit. Many of these things are not in and of themselves scriptural, but you can tie them back to a principle. Okay? We're looking at the principle, not on what you do because it ought to line up with the word of God. Let's talk about lengths of skirts. The sisters all grimaced. Church, we're here about no room for fear. Not here to preach a standard. I'm here to preach the word of God. I don't have a word standard for the length of your skirt because there is none. None. There is none. What there is church is a requirement for modesty. Okay? So that's where that means your clothing needs to suit your activity. So, if you're out playing sports, what does your clothing need to be? Loose, not form fitting, allowing you to move without revealing your body shape. Okay, if you're just walking around in the mall or at the workplace, guess what? It doesn't have to be super loose cuz you don't need to move around that much. If you know you're going to be bending over all day, are you going to wear a loose blouse that flops open? No. Wear one that's tightly fitted at the top. not tightly fitted around you that's close to the neck so that as you bend over you don't have to constantly do this because eventually you're going to forget right you make your clothing to suit how you're going to be spending your day and air on the side of caution rather than liberty is that good will that work okay whatever you're doing you ought to be able to do it unconsciously and without adjustment to maintain your modesty That's the standard because the standard is not length of skirt. The standard is be modest. So whatever you wear, you have to be able to maintain modesty. So most preachers preach keep your skirts below the knee. Why is there a standard? Is there a scripture that says below the knee? No. To be modest, it means that you can do anything common to your day in a skirt below the knee. Because at some point you're going to sit down. And if it is above your knee, your skirt is now here. And guess what? Every brother in this church has been flashed at some point by somebody. Why? They were standing and they were perfectly modest. But as soon as they sat down and they forgot to keep their legs closed, people saw things they shouldn't be seeing. That's why we preach it. We're not preaching it as a length standard. We're preaching it as a modesty standard. But what happens is that people take it and it's preached as a law and they forget that the key here is modesty, not length. If you have to be conscious of what you're wearing, you probably shouldn't be wearing it. Okay? This is practical preaching this morning. Okay? This is pastoral preaching. If you got to think about what you're wearing to do what you're going to do, change it. Make it appropriate for what you're going to do. A modest approach will bring the right result every time. And then you don't have to worry about it. You don't even have to think about it if you do it that way. But when we preach to our sisters, wear skirts or dresses because those are women's clothes and they're not allowed to wear women's clothes. What we do is we preach it as a law and it becomes that if you wear a skirt, you are automatically modest. Church, you're not modest just because you wear a skirt. You can wear pants and be modest. Not many these days, but you can. You can have loose fitting trousers and be modest. It just hangs. It hangs the same way a skirt does. There are sisters that ride and they wear these kulots or whatever, which is big baggy pants. It looks like a skirt, but it allows them to to to to sit a straddle a horse, but it doesn't show any of their form. Skirt is not about modesty. Skirt is about the requirement that you not wear garments that pertain to a man because it's an abomination to God. But what happens is we preach skirts, skirts, dresses, dresses, and the women say, "That's what makes me modest." No. Because if you've ever been around this message, you'll see sisters that are wearing skintight skirts and they say, "I'm wearing a skirt, therefore I'm good." No. You're immodest, sister. You've met one law, but you've conflated it with the modesty law, and you've gone completely overboard. And so you got men in church having to hide their eyes and look the different ways and different things so that they don't see things they're not intended to see. If you wear a tight and revealing clothing, you miss the point, which is to protect yourself and protect others from unwanted attention or or the things. And church, you can you can dress in a skirt. You can you can you can dress in a dress and still be a modest. You can dress in a nonrevealing loose fit clothing and still be a modest because it's an attitude, not just a standard. I've met sisters and they're flirtatious and they're bubbly and they'll why they're immodest in their approach, not just in their clothing. There are sisters that post pictures, my wife, you know, show me this one or that one. I'm like, good lord, that woman is definitely not modest. Her clothing may be modest, but her posture and her approach to taking pictures is completely immodest. I'm sure we've all seen it and all dealt with it. church. What happens when we preach just the standard? You get standard meters, standard bearers. You get legalistic people. You get people that are focused on appearance. You get people that are focused on the outward rather than the inward. You get people that are focused on being by the book. This is how we're supposed to be by the book. Not by a written code of conduct for this church or an unwritten code of conduct. By the word. That's how we're supposed to be by the book. Amen. And the problem is when we have our unwritten but spoken words of conduct, it's a letter that kills because there's no spirit behind it to make it live in the people. We move beyond the law of sin and death, remember? And we move to the law of the spirit of life in Christ. And that's where there's liberty to serve him rather than get beat over the head by dos and don'ts constantly. We've all experienced it. We go to a church and they have a a certain expectation. I've told the story before. My wife and I when we were courting, we went some to some special meetings and and we had some issues and so we got there late. And so as we filed in, we just sat down in the order we sat we came in in, which meant that I sat next to my wife. Again, we were just courting. We're in church. Brother Brandham took his girlfriend to church, sat next to her. There's nothing wrong with it. There's no word standard for it. But guess what? By the end of that service, I had a man right here spitting in my face preaching about it. Was that comfortable? No. That man's also no longer serving the Lord. But what is it? We get all worked up in something and we start hammering. And guess what? Hammering doesn't give a new birth. It is the call of God, not the punching of God that's going to save our children. It's going to save our families. It's the wooing of the Holy Spirit. It comes with conviction, not condemnation. It comes with redemption, not with judgment. To reject it is to go into judgment, but he does not lead with judgment. He He leads with redemption. He leads with mercy. He leads with grace. Amen. Brother Bram says this. He says, "See, the holiness people began to say, holiness people, Pentecostal, the woman must wear long hair and long sleeves and all these things and long skirts and not wear any wedding rings or jewelry of any kind." He says, "See, it became a selfrighteous holiness." He says, "See, that's manufactured holiness." And look what's happened to the denomination. He says, "Now they've all got cut hair like the Pentecostals and so forth. And they all nearly wearing rings and so forth. Look at the Pentecostals years ago. How they harped on that. We're the church. We're the church." What is it? What changed? They made the rules so they could unmake the rules. It was their ideas, not God's ideas. It was their standard, not God's standard. And what happened? The standard fell apart. He says, "And now you're worse than you were at the beginning because you went overboard. You fell from it and you went way past where you were at the very start." Okay? You know what brother said about Martin Luther? What was what was amazing about Martin Luther? He didn't get caught up in the fanaticism that followed his message. And I'm telling you this morning, there is fanaticism that has followed this message. And it had nothing to do with the message the prophet got brought. It is not part of the restored word. It's part of man's ideas and it's bringing a denominational thinking into the church. Brother says this. He says the church is Christ's body. It's an individual amongst other individuals that is born in the kingdom of God. He says that comes from the inside out. It's automatically lived. He says you don't ask a sheep to to manufacture wool. The sheep don't have to manufacture wool. He says now he say now my master wants me to have some wool this year. I have to get busy. No, the only thing he has to do is just remain a sheep. That's right. The wool will automatically come. He says and we're not asked to manufacture fruits. We're supposed to produce fruits. See, bear fruits. And as long as you are a fruit tree of God with God's word, God's word will vindicate itself. If you're so worked up about it, let it work and see what comes out of it. And if it works well for you, you know what that'll do? It'll draw people to what you have. Absolutely it will. There are people that we all love to be around because we like who they are and what they have as a person. I don't like anybody more in this church because they have more money. I like them because they're a good Christian. because we can talk about the word because there's sincerity, there's trust, there's a reality. That's what I value. I don't care about how much money you make. I care about is the Lord alive and well in your heart and can I see that day by day. That's what draws me to people. Amen. He says as long as you are a fruit tree of God with God's word, God's word will vindicate itself. It'll bear fruit as long as the word is in there. Jesus said if you abide in me in my word and you ask what you will and it shall be done. See you don't manufacture it. He says you work yourself not up to it. It's actually there and goes on and on. So what is our requirement parents? What is our requirement preachers? Is it to lay down a standard? No. Our requirement is to preach and live the word and let the fruit come on its own. They've got to get tied into the vine themselves. Okay? Not opinions only, not good intentions only. The word is what is front and center. Church, what happens when we preach results without the source of life to go with it? Frustrated children, frustrated members of the church because they don't have it to do it in the first place. And the funny thing is, nobody ever made us do it. I mean, I look at brother Mark and Brother Bob. You had your opportunity to grow and learn, but now when you're raising it, the expectation is the kids will automatically do it. No, they need a new birth. Just like every one of us needed a new birth. Listen, we're all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies, we all need a new birth. Amen. So what happens is if we preach the requirement of the word without the life of the word, you end up with people that are unfulfilled, unhappy, or secretly rebellious. And what happens is they walk away if they never get the life because they're just sitting there having to do something that's not natural to them. You'll find, you know, there are people, my wife and I were talking about this the other day, Christians that just seem to be unhappy with living the Christian life. You know why that often is, church? Is because they're living by a standard instead of by the life. So many times, so many times. I was listening to be not afraid this morning. Now, it made me think of like down in the mouth. If we're down in the mouth all the time, we got a problem. Brother Bam said this. I believe that happiness goes with Christians. I never been sad I was a Christian. I'm always happy I'm a Christian. He didn't say moments are always filled with happiness. He says I'm happy with who I am. I'm happy with what God has done in my life. I don't have to be down in the mouth because I don't have this and I don't have that and I don't do this and everybody else does. Listen, there ought to be a joy of salvation in the life of a believer that comes from a daily personal connection with Jesus Christ. That's our joy. That's our rest. That's our peace. But as parents, as as preachers even, we have the best of intentions many times. And those intentions are to get results and keep people safe, to clean them, to protect them. But the problem is, as he's pointing out here, there's got to be an inner work that produces an outward work, but all we can see is the outward work so we focus on outward results. He's saying, you got to get them cleaned on the inside so it'll produce wool on the outside. They've got to be a sheep before they can become they can produce what sheep produce. So, we don't push them to be a sheep before they're a sheep. They've got to come to life first. How do we do that? We do it by living what we talk about. We live what we preach. Our household, our children ought to know. Mom and dad, they don't just talk about it at church and with believers. They live it at home. That they live by the word. that societal pressures, that career needs, that financial needs, health needs, whatever it is, does not take priority over the word of God. But every decision we make and everything we do is filtered through the word of God. And that is all that matters. And come what may, after that, we're in the word and so we're going to be okay. And we present that united front of faith in the word of God that God will back it up. Amen. We need to rest our families on the word of God through personal leadership. personal leadership. Amen. Because when things get high, when things get hot, when things get heavy, when things get tough, you're not going to rest on Brother John said so. You're not going to rest on mom said so or dad said so. You got to rest on your own two feet, on your personal revelation that God is leading you and guiding you, and what you're doing matches up with the word of God. It's the only way you're going to make it through those trials and temptations. Like I said earlier, we've been having some interesting conversations in the house about legacy traditions and and things that we do, but we all have them. We we mention some in our house. I have them. That's why I said I'm preaching to myself. I'm preaching to you because I know you have them as well. But the question is, are we doing those out of love for people and the word or are we doing it just to have our way? Are we doing it to make ourselves look a certain way? Are we doing it because we fear what would happen if we didn't do it or because we did do it? I remember the first time I got a goatee. Hey, there was pressure put on me within the church to shave it off. No, no standard for it. Just I was the first to do it and it was seen as something that wasn't great. And guess what? All we have is beards here. What happened? We matured. We grew up. We realize it's not wrong to have a beard. Jesus had a beard. How did we get here? One person's offense. That's it. Has nothing to do with anything. We'll go into Romans 14 maybe in the next service. I'm not sure. I don't know where the Lord will lead. But the scripture talks about if a weak if a weak one comes in. Weak does not mean they can't handle it. It's new to the faith. If we got old people that can't handle things, that's their problem, not a church problem. But if we've got new converts that can't handle it, that's where we need to be careful because it's a stumbling block to them. But older believers, we ought to be better than that. We ought to be more mature in that. But we'll get into that. Okay? But sometimes we do things out of respect. Oh, brother so and so, you know, they don't like that. Or brother, sister so and so, they they really struggle with that. And so out of respect, we don't do that. But guess what? If you have a relationship with that person and I don't, you can't expect me to act the way you do. That's you between you and them. But we don't sit here. We don't have a list. It's like these this silly pronoun game that they have today where you have to tell somebody your pronoun so they know how to talk to you. Are we going to sit down and go through the list of offenses and personal standards we have before every conversation or before we come to your house or you go to mine so that we don't offend each other? No. We need to be mature. We need to be mature and call out what is in the word and what is a personal thing. But I want to close with a final example. I'm I'm trying to make this point here today about the distinction between traditions of a family or a church or a ministry and the requirement of the word of God. And I want to make a distinction between what people have come out of and what they're going into because you can't blend the two. Remember what's going to set us free. Tradition won't set us free. The truth will set us free. Okay? And it's the truth that we need to stick to which is the word of God. Now remember Peter, he had to go down to the house of Cornelius. Peter has the keys to the kingdom. Nobody can get the Holy Ghost until Peter goes to that kingdom, to that group of people and preaches the go and preaches the Holy Ghost to them. Nobody could do it. Remember, Philip was down in Samaria and he was preaching for weeks. Nobody got the Holy Ghost until Peter came. Peter had to be there. That was part of his role as an apostle is he has to go to every group of people. But we saw that God had to do something with Peter before Peter could go and open up to the Gentiles. Okay, we preached this recently, but I'm just going to roll through it quickly this morning as we start to close. Said on the moral, this is Cornelius uh guys that he sent up. They went on their journey and drew nigh to the city. Peter went up upon the housetop to pray about the sixth hour. And he became very hungry and would have eaten. But while they made ready, he fell into a trance. So he had a vision. And he saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending upon him, as it had been a good sheet, a great sheet, knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth. Wherein were all manner of 4-footed beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air. And there came a voice to him, saying, Peter, rise, Peter, kill, and eat. So, church, this is a direct contradiction to the law of Moses. Totally against everything that Peter has been taught. by the word, by the real word, by the true word, by the true law. Okay? Everything Peter has ever done when it comes to eating is being contradicted in this. Okay? This isn't tradition. This is law. This is God's law. But what is God doing? He's saying, "Peter, you're not under that law anymore. It was for a season, but we moved on. The law has been fulfilled. Okay. Now, church, why is Peter not so happy about this? Because all his life he's been not eating this stuff. Brother Vichel, I remember talking to you about eating food. Remember when he came here and we were feeding him burgers and chicken and you know, he said he liked it. I I to this day I'm not sure he really liked it. But what is it? All his life he was raised to not eat meat. And then he comes here and he's now no longer under the traditions of then he's under grace new grace. And we start cramming this stuff down because brother Vichela loves to eat. I don't know if you know that he loves fellowship and eating. And so we start to feed him what we eat. And for a while out of good grace and a desire for fellowship, he ate it. But you know what happened after a while? Brother Vichel stood on his own two feet. He straightened his backbone and he said, "Guys, thanks, but no thanks. It just doesn't sit right with me. The textures are wrong. Taste is good. The texture is wrong. The idea of eating flesh, it just doesn't sit well with me." Why? He has spent the majority of his life not eating this stuff. He doesn't like it. It's not spiritual. It's just he's ne he doesn't like it because he's never liked it. He's never developed a taste for it. Okay, he tried it for a while. Eh, but now once he's gotten comfortable with us, praise the Lord, he has stood up and said, "Guys, I'm just going to eat my way if that's okay. And if you can't do something special like we do so much for him, I'll bring my own food. I've seen him eat sandwiches. I don't know how he eats them. They are the weirdest ingredients, but he loves it. That's the way he's built." Peter is uncomfortable with this because he's never done this in his life. It is no longer wrong, but he is still uncomfortable. Is it wrong for you to not do that even though you don't have to anymore? No. Cuz you're comfortable in your not doing. You're comfortable in that standard of your own life. Okay? We could even say Peter has no desire. But if somebody's eating bacon down the street, Peter is not allowed to condemn them. Peter doesn't want bacon. Peter can't stand bacon. It is an offense to his nostrils and his pallet. Poor guy. But I can be sitting there eating bacon all day long. And Peter cannot condemn me because I have nothing in me that has a problem with bacon. And there's nothing wrong in the word with bacon. Okay. What is God doing now? He's showing Peter liberty in the spirit. Okay. says, "Peter said,"Not so, Lord, for I have never eaten anything that is common and unclean. I've never done this, Lord. No." And the voice spake unto him again the second time, "What God hath cleansed, not that call not common." And he says, "This was done thrice." It was done three times. God was emphasizing the message. He was making it clear, Peter, this is what I'm trying to tell you. He says, "And then the vessel was received up into heaven. And while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean." So he's he's heard it. He's heard it three times. He's seen it. He doesn't want to do it, but he's been told to do something he doesn't want. He doesn't know what it means. Behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made inquiry for Simon's house and stood before the gate. And called and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, was lodged there. While Peter thought on the vision, he considered what he'd heard. He did not throw it away because it was uncomfortable with his past beliefs, with his current feelings, with his current desires. He said the spirit said unto him, what is it? The word interprets itself. Now the Holy Spirit comes down and said, "Behold, three men seek thee. Now therefore, arise, therefore, and get thee down. Go with them doubting nothing, for I have sent them." He's saying, don't waver internally. Don't get all worked up. Don't let your conscience rise up. Don't be fearful about where you're going to do. Don't worry about this shift in your life. Go with it. It is my work for you. It is my commandment for you to get over your inhibitions. Okay? Says, "And as Peter Peter goes with the men, we know and he walks and it says as Peter was coming in, Cornelius met him and fell down at his feet and worshiped him and Peter took him up saying stand up. I myself am a man." And he also talked with and as he talked with him, he went in and found many that were come together. Church, we talked about maturity, handling immaturity. Now he's in a place where he is in the minority, and a bunch of Gentiles are in the majority. And he said unto them, "Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company or come unto one of another nation. But God hath showed me that I should not call any man common or unclean." He says it's unlawful for a Jew to be here. Now, you can search the entire law of Moses and you will never find that law. It does not exist. It is not there. God never said you can't go in and talk to a gentile. You can't go in their house. He never said it. It was the law of the elders that said that. Now, here's the thing. What does it go back to? Look at the principle they've taught. The principle that the elders have taught by oral tradition is do not go into a gentile's house. Now remember what God said about the Gentiles. He says don't do what they do. Don't eat what they eat. Don't worship what they worship. Don't plant like they plant. Don't have don't do anything that they do. But he didn't say you couldn't talk to them. But he said don't do what they do. But see we take it and we say what is the easiest way to keep from doing what the Gentiles do? have nothing to do with the Gentiles. And so they made it a law. Guys, we're going to make it easy. Don't have anything to do with the Gentiles. And how many witnessing opportunities and how many testifying opportunities did they have? Notice that the young girl that served in non's house had to become a slave in order to witness. She had to be taken out from under the oral traditions to give a testimony of healing so that a gentile captain could receive healing. cuz under law she couldn't give that witness. How many times we bind ourselves from opportunity because we have a personal issue. So rather than obey the law, they made it illegal to look at illegal things. They said, "We're just going to cut this off. We're going to handle the source problem. Rather than asking you to develop immunity, to develop an ability to stay away from this stuff, to keep yourself clean, we're just going to say if anybody does it, then they're they broken the law. What did it produce? It produced a people that were bound by tradition. And it never worked. Time and time again, they went back to they went to idolatry. They went to burning their children as children child sacrifices. Church, it doesn't work. I can preach a standard here all day long and it will not work unless you have a spirit of Christ in you to make it live. It won't work. Which is why I refuse to do it. I'll preach the principle and we'll see how it comes out. And if it comes out a little immature, we'll grant you some grace because I'm not interested in making you conform. I want you transformed. Transformed by the living word inside of you. All the law makingaking of the ministry could not stop the people from sliding into that which they shouldn't do. And you know what happened church? They started doing it in private until they started realizing that more people are doing this in private and then they made it public. Now all of a sudden you had a bunch of people that were completely contradictory and contrary to the word of God living public lives now that were contrary to everything that the ministry had ever taught. So Peter says, "Hey, you know, the law says I can't be here." But he says, "Therefore," he says, "god showed me it's okay." He said, "Therefore came I unto you without gain saying, without contradiction." He said, in other words, me being here now, because God has showed me what is right and wrong, it is not a contradiction for me to break the law because it isn't a law. It was a law. It wasn't the law. He says, "So God has shown me." So I'm not here in contradiction to my actual conscience. I'm not breaking anything that God holds dear. I'm here without any question of doing what is right. This is the right thing to do. Okay. His heart was settled and he came with a clear conscience. He said, "And as soon as I was sent forth, I asked therefore to what intent you have sent for me." So Peter was bound by Jewish traditions. Peter was bound by what his pastor had taught all his life. By what every pastor had taught all of his life. And Peter had feelings that were tied to those teachings. Peter had personal conflicts, emotions, inhibitions, revulsions that were tied to eating and spending time with certain people. And it had nothing to do with the intentions of God. Nothing whatsoever. Okay? I'm preaching on no room for fear. And we can get to this place where we think we have to be so clean that we can't move. And that is fear. It's a fear that if you get dirty, you won't make it. Remember what Jesus said to Peter? You're clean every wit when I've washed you. Why? It's his righteousness. It's his robe you're wearing. You're not getting there based on your good or bad days. You're there based on the blood of Jesus Christ that washes you and covers you and you have his righteousness. We cannot walk around in fear that something bad will happen to us. We go in with our guards up. We're in a battle. We don't go in ignorantly, but we don't have to go in with fear. We're here for souls, not just ours. We're here for others as well. Listen, Peter was shocked at the idea of eating bacon. I wonder if he ever ate it because I think the shock would reverse. How did I ever not realize the goodness of bacon? But maybe not. Maybe it was still a revulsion to him. But I guarantee you there were a few Jews that fell in love with bacon. And there was nothing wrong with it. And Peter had to sit there and be okay with people liking bacon because it had nothing to do with the word of God anymore. Have we considered sometimes we might be bound by our own spiritual traditions? that we can't witness, we can't testify, we can't spend time with people, we can't step out of our comfort zone, that we're trying so hard to stay clean that nobody can get a benefit out of us. You know, when I went to university, you know, it's it's always been taught get in, get out. And I believe in that. I believe in get in, get out. But I'll be honest, I went in there with the intent of nothing touching me there. That I would go out as as clean as I went in. That there would be no changes to me. That I would hold myself separate. And that's a good idea. Remember what Daniel went into the kingdom with? He says, "We're not going to eat or drink what they set in front of us." He purposed in his heart. But see, I went in purposing in my heart to keep myself clean, but there's a fear there that they would have an effect on me. And here's the thing, church. They had nothing I wanted. What was I scared about? They had listen engineers drinking, carousing. They're the worst of the worst on campus. And that has zero attraction to me. Zero attraction. But I'm going in now fearfully saying, "I'm just going to go in. Soon as my class are done, I get out and I go home and I study at home and my wife helps me and we do this and we do that." Very few study groups unless I had real problems or real issues or we had a group project. Get in, get out. Don't spend time with people. Don't let them get to know you. Don't have friends. Don't do this. Don't do that. And I came out and people knew I was different, but they had no clue why. That's a shame. That's a shame. I had six years to witness and testify to them of why I was different. And to this day, 99% don't have a clue about why John was different. And so they had all sorts of things I've talked about before. A guy sent an email out saying, "You're gay because you're always dressed nicely and you comb your hair well and we never see you around with the girls. I had a girlfriend and then I got married and god forbid I dress nice and comb my hair. But he he put that to being gay rather than me being a son of God. What an opportunity that was missed. What an opportunity that was missed. And then brother Joe goes in there and there's no fear because perfect love has cast out fear. And he has a freedom in Christ to act, to associate, to have friendships, to work with study groups, and in that to be a witness and a testimony. And even to this day, they know who he is and why he is. I didn't get that. Why? Fear of being tainted rather than faith of being sealed to the day of my redemption. What an opportunity lost in spirituality. I gave up an opportunity. Church, we are not called to fear. We are called to perfect liberty in Christ. Paul said it this way. And we're down to my last page here. I know I'm holding you this morning, but I'm trusting that's for a reason. Paul said, "Stand there. Stand fast. Stand fast." That means don't be moved in the liberty wherein Christ has made us free. Don't let somebody bind you out of your liberty. Don't let somebody put you in handcuffs. Don't let somebody put a yoke on you with their ideas, their inhibitions, their problems, their offenses, their standards, their traditions. The liberty where Christ has made us free. And be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. Don't be bound by what used to bind you. And don't let people bind you with what used to bind them. And many times still does. You stand fast in your liberty that Christ has given you. Listen, we all have differing levels of their of liberty, if I could put it that way. Some of us can't handle being around worldly people. Some of us are just fine with it. And then there's a spectrum in between. Some of us, hey, I I don't like going to the mall. I'll be honest. I can survive, but I don't go there willingly. Some of us seem to be able to walk through no problem. Even spend money there. Stay long enough to spend money. When I go in, it's like what brother Barry showed at the marriage thing. I go to the store that has the things that I need. I've looked it up beforehand that they have it. I go and I get it and I walk out. But some of you can handle that. And guess what? You sisters, you're the ones that walk around. They're a testimony walking around just so people can see. Selena has made friends out of that. Pentecostal girls. And she's had an opportunity to witness because she wasn't scared to be a Christian in a dirty world. You all have it. I'm only speaking of Selena because I know Selena. I she, you know, we talk about this. For all I know, Justine and the rest of you are doing it. Sister Becky may be doing it, but you sisters that are in the homeschool groups, you are at liberty to witness even when things aren't perfect. Us brothers, I'll tell you, the workplace ain't perfect, but we are still a witness no matter what. And people that know you're a Christian, for me, people that know that I'm a minister and a pastor, they will come to you in times of need. They'll come to you in times of questions and times when they don't know what to do. They'll come to you. I I was telling brother Joe, you know, we work out at at times throughout the week and he wasn't there one day and a guy came over to talk to me and then another guy talked to me and I've never seen these people before, but these guys said, "Well, we see you all the time and it's a small gym. I mean, you'd think I'd see now I'm there and I'm very focused by God's grace, but these guys were talking to me. I saw you doing this. I saw you do that." I'm like, "Who are you?" People are watching is what I'm talking about. People are watching and guess what? But we're dressed modestly. We're not looking around. We're focused. We are sons of God in a place that is pretty filthy sometimes. But we can hold a standard and we can hold a witness in that place. Okay. But here's the thing. We've got to judge ourselves. Because here's the thing. If I go into university and I start to slide, I've got to be able to judge myself and say, "Okay, you've crossed the line, buddy. You need to back off." By God's grace, I never slid. But it's because I never went in. I stay completely away. Fear keeps us away sometimes rather than good reason. Sometimes we're so scared to make a move because we're worried about what will happen. Go to God. Say, "God, what would you have me to do?" But we've got to be able to judge the outcomes and say, "Was that God that was giving me liberty or was that a different one?" There's only two spirits, God's and everybody else's. And if we can look at the results and we say, "Oops." That's when we back off and say, "Okay, Lord, that was me. That wasn't you for sure." I said last service, I'm not here to say anything goes or throw away church traditions or you don't have to live a life like mom and dad. We've got wonderful testimonies of the elders in this church and the lives that they've lived. God bless you for it. But guess what? Not everything that they do is what I have to do or vice versa. Listen, we may have liberties they don't. And they may have liberties. We don't. As long as it's in Christ, that's what matters. That we don't put on this yoke of bondage again. Some of them came out of things and they can't handle that. There's too much. There's memories associated with it. There's people. There's smells. There's tastes. There's there's things. I mean, there's music I used to listen to. If I hear it, I can quote you the words perfectly from from rock and roll and country music songs I used to listen to. I don't dwell on it. But guess what? But I would never go in a place that played that all the time because there's memories associated with that that I don't want. I don't have that liberty. My my kids could go there and it would have no meaning to them. I'm talking about freedom of the spirit. And Paul told us what that looks like. We're going to close with this scripture. He says, I took this from the CJB Bible. He says, "Let us live properly as people do in the daytime." What do we do in the daytime, church? We do things that people expect us to do. We do things that are right. We do things that are correct. In the daytime is when people see what we're doing. So we live life right when everybody can see us. It's in the darkness. It's in the shadows behind closed doors. That's when we do things we ought not to do. Right? Paul says, "Live your life as if people are looking at you all the time. Do the right thing all the time." Okay? He says, "Not partying and getting drunk." I'm pretty sure we don't have that problem here. Not 100% but pretty sure. not engaging in sexual immorality. That brothers, look out. Sisters, watch your books. He says, "In other excesses, not quarreling and being jealous." Now, that I'm pretty sure we have moments of we quarrel. And guess what? Sometimes we're jealous. He said, "Instead, clothe yourselves with the Lord Jesus Christ and don't waste your time thinking about how to provide for the sinful desires of your old nature." That's why I said this is not a preaching about anything goes. To the contrary, completely opposite. What I'm preaching is let the word of God guide us into where he wants us to be in our lives. Everyone does it is not a reason to do it. And what are people going to think is not a reason not to do it. We've got to stand on our own two feet. I really appreciate what brother Paul Laafontaine said when he was here. He said, "Huz uh uh parents," he says, "Sometimes your children are going to do things you disagree with." He says, "And it looks like rebellion." He says, "But they're trying to figure it out for themselves. And you've got to be okay with taking your hands off sometimes and letting them learn. Sometimes we're right, sometimes we're wrong based on the the makeup of that children and and how they are." Amen. So what we need to be led prayerfully prayerfully as individuals as families, as couples, not as a church body. There are things that are decided by vote, that are decided by church think, if we could put it that way, church leadership. But so much is dayto-day. And we've got to be okay with you doing it different than I do it. As long as it's not contrary to the word. As long as it's not contrary to the word. Amen. And then we need to judge our decisions by the fruit that comes out of them. Because I'll tell you this, fear never produced anything good. You look at that word fear. We'll cover this in another service. The word fear that perfect love casts out fear is a completely different word from the fear of the Lord. That's not the same fear. But we're looking at this fear that binds us, that holds us down, that causes anxiety, that causes worry, cause our heart rate to spike at just the thought of something. That's not God, church. That's not God. Perfect love casts out that fear. Amen. Let's stand together if we would. I've kept you long this morning, but I had a real burden on my heart. I was sitting in that office just scribbling away, adding to it and adding to it and adding to it. Was right after brother Bob came in, if I remember correctly. We were teasing him about that. No, but this is I know this is heavily pastoral. It's uncomfortable to think that somebody could do something that you don't like that that causes a very revulsion in your soul and they could still be right. But it is that way. It is that way. And we'll cover that as we go over through the next few services, the Lord willing. But we're looking at influences and principles, not standards, not legalism, not what brother John said, but we want to take it back to the word. Parents, we ought to be able to give a word answer for everything that we teach our children. If it's not word, then we say, but if it this isn't scriptural, but we do it because and give them the reason why, not just the hammer that says you must do it this way. Because what we're trying to do is what? Train up a child. Train. Train means you help them understand the underlying reasons and principles, not just instant obedience. Obedience is the early thing. That's what we need because it could change their life. It could save their life. But as they get older, you're trying to get them to understand what's going on under under the surface. What are the principles? What are the mechanisms that God's word uses to keep us safe and to guard us and to guide us in these different things? And we'll get into that a little bit more as we go through this by God's grace. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray that you've been in this, Lord. Lord, that you'll take these words that have been said, Lord, and we try and anchor everything in your word, Lord, but help them not to understand, Lord. Help us to know that your way is perfect. Your word is clear. Your leadership, Lord, brings a perfect end to all of these things. Lord, help us to lay aside our opinions, our ideas, Lord, our pride, our expectations, Lord, even our offenses, as the case may be, Lord, and to just commit each other into your hands, Lord, that we'd have grace and mercy one for the other, Lord, that in all things we'd hold each other up in prayer, Lord, taking each other before your throne of grace day by day. Lord, I pray for leadership for the heads of the household. I pray for my brothers in Christ, Lord, that you would lead them and guide them as individuals. Lord, that you would lead their houses in love, not in fear, Lord, that they would see that how you do things, Lord, always produces the right results. Lord, I pray for our sisters that face so much these days, Lord, that they would have a liberty, Lord, in the in the grace that you've given them, Lord, in the spirit of Christ, Lord, that keeps them clean from these things. for my brothers, Lord, my young brothers in particular, Lord, that you would guard them against every assault of Satan, Lord, that you would protect their eyes and their minds, Lord, their every part of them, heavenly Father, Lord, that you would give them victory day by day, Lord. That you'd help us as leaders, as parents, Lord, to just guide them along the way by your word and your spirit, Lord, until they come to a place where we can fully hand them over to you and say, Lord, they're in your hands. They are your children. Give us faith, Lord. No fear, no doubt, Lord, but give us faith that you are leading us by your word, Lord, and that we can rest in those results. In Jesus Christ's name we ask and pray it. Amen. Show me your way. 11:57 Show me your way that I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand stronger each day. Show me your way. Oh, show me your way that I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Won't you show me your way? Set my spirit free. 1178 just the chorus. [Music] Yeah. Set my spirit free that I might worship thee. set my spirit free that I might praise your name. And let all bondage flow and let deliverance flow. [Music] set my spirit free to worship thee. Oh, set my spirit free that I might worship thee. Set my spirit free that I might praise your name. Let all bondage go and let deliverance flow. Set my spirit free. to worship thee. Set my spirit free that I might worship thee. Set my spirit free that I might praise your name. Let all bondage go and let deliverance flow. Set my spirit free to worship thee. Lead me Lord, I will follow. 792. Just through the chorus, please. Lead me Lord. I will follow. and lead me Lord. I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord, I will go. Lead me Lord, I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord. I will go and lead me Lord. I will follow and lead me Lord I will go. You have called me. I will answer. Lead me, Lord. I will go. Do we know that song? All I want to see is Jesus. Hear him say, "Well done." Do we know the the the verses as well? Okay. It's 10:67. I'm going to ask Brother Kingsley to close in prayer after we sing this. Amen. Remember Kachi in prayer. Remember brother Grant and Sister Nikki as they try and close on their house over the next few days. I remember brother Chad and Sister Leah as they're traveling today each one. Brother Nelson Guy out in central just dealing with a lot with this body these different things. And just pray grace for one another. Amen. Keep each other in prayer. We sure need it everyone. It's good to have brother Bob and sister Brenda back with us. Trusting you had a break. Amen. A wonderful time. It's good to have back in the back in the saddle again. Amen. We're going to sing this as brother Kingsley would come. Lord, I know the time is here when everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. [Music] All my works and all my deeds and every prayer said on my knees will lay before the holy consume me fire. And all I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought gave will lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the holy. Consume me fire. All I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through me and hear him say, "Well done, my precious Oh, well done. Well done, my faithful. Off the horse again. And all I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is hidden in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through me. Oh, and all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through [Music] me. Hallelujah. Um, can I say something that is funny but not so funny? Um, when my wife moved in, um, we want to go get groceries. I would say, "I don't eat pork. I'm not a big fan of pork. I could eat it, but not." And then when she comes back home with grocery wrap bacon, I get angry. And she's like, "But pork is bacon." I said, "No, pork is pork. Bacon is bacon. I don't understand how no one eats bacon." I'm trying to talk about what you said. So, let's pray in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your word that we've heard today. We thank you for the messenger of the word and the source of the word. We thank you for the changing of our heart through this word and for instilling in us the maturity of your word. Building us to that level where we are confident and comfortable of who we are in no matter where we find ourselves. We express the glory of your presence wherever we find ourselves. We thank you, Lord, that the word that we've heard today has only shown us more how beautiful there is maturity in your word. And we ask for the grace to be mature in your word. We ask for the grace to grow. Father, let this word flush out any part of us that has been built out of tradition, out of norms that were not built in your words, out of norms that have no foundation in you. Help us to hold still to your word and let us smile daily in the victory of your name. Father, we pray for those that are here child and his family. We ask that you grant them journey messes and you protect them in the every hour as they embark as a family whatever journey and activity they have chosen for themselves. We pray for Grant's family getting a home is not an easy journey but you oh Lord are the home that we desire. So you will make that possible Lord. I pray for Braachi that you give him healing and help him to remain cheerful like he always is. The week is a week of beauty and testimonies. Lord, as we have always lived in your beauty, back in your light. This week, we shall continue to give more testimonies like we've always done every other week. day by day. Give us more and more, more and more reason, oh Lord, to testify of your goodness. All this we ask in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Jesus is within me. All I want to see is Jesus shall Well done. Well done. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine to me. Well done. Well done. Well done. I pray for I want to see Jesus. All I want to see is me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through me. Glory every single All I want to see Jesus. All I want to see is all I want. Oh, you [Music]
