################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - 20250713 - The Token Life Pt 67 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 1 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-13
Title:    20250713 - The Token Life Pt 67 - An Echo Chamber Gospel Pt 1 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDdE0Jbm47o
========================================

Description:
Scriptures and Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/19zUZWmE2MERokN1zyeNoNmrzRst2R4h2/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah, feel. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Let's [Music] stand. There is a fountain open in the house of David for you who would believe. And there are streams of grace that's flowing down from Calary. Come now and receive. For I will take you from the nations and bring you to your own land where I'll be sanctified in you before the eyes of man. A new heart will I give you. I place my spirit within mine. I'll sprinkle all clean water on you. and I'll save you from your sin. There is a fountain open in the house of David for you who would believe. Thank you, Lord. And there are streams of grace that's flowing down from Calary. Come now and receive. And I will pour out upon the house of my chosen one the spirit of grace and [Music] supplication. But in that day, what a day that shall be. A fountain will be opened up. Thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; Glory to you. &gt;&gt; There is a fountain open in the house of David for you. Her word believe. And there are streams of grace that's flowing down from Calary come now and receive and I will pour out upon the house of my chosen one the spirit of grace and supplication. [Music] But in that day, what a day that will be, a fountain shall be opened up and you shall be holy clean. Glory. Thank you, Lord. open in the house of David for you who would believe. And there are streams of grace that's flowing down from Calary. Come now and receive. For I will take you from the nations and bring you to your own land where I'll be sanctified in you before the eyes of man. A new heart will I give you and place my spirit within. I'll sprinkle clean water on you and save you from your sin. Thank you, Lord. Glory. open in the house of David for you who would believe. And there are streams of grace that's flowing down from Calary. Come now and receive. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Just welcome everyone here this morning. Some prayer requests. Brother Mark has requested prayer. He's having a procedure done in the morning for a common irregular heart rhythm. He's had it before, but the pacemaker corrected it and but now it's back again. He's on medicine to help it. He's feeling really good. procedure is commonly done. They're going to defi defi defibrillate him to put him back in a normal heart rhythm again. By the grace of God, we covered your prayers for him. Also, uh for those of you that know him, brother Steven Dole in uh in Edmonton, he had a um is it a motorcycle accident? So, he's uh I think he's doing okay, but he's got some um he's got a slightly separated shoulder, concussion, road rash, small fracture of a vertebrae. So, I want to keep him in prayer. He'll make a quick recovery. Uh also, uh brother Abby Guy, um a prayer request for him. He called and and said that the ambulance was picking him up, taking him to the hospital, problem with his stomach, and he can't swallow. And then there was another update that they gave him some uh some graall on the ambulance ride in and he's been up all night. His stomach is like a brick. He's been throwing up. Um super nauseous, drained of energy. They put him on some fluids so he doesn't get dehydrated and something for his throwing up and now he's back asleep again. So Oh, I'm sorry. Not brother Abby guy. Okay, brother happy Guy is doing fine as far as we know. Forgive me for that. Uh my head went to brother Happy Guy. Um this is brother Ay in British Columbia. So I think but that makes more sense to me now. Brother Bob put in the prayer request. So there's too many brother Bobs for us here. So there was that need. Uh, also, um, Brother Dale, um, Sister Lori, I was speaking with my mother-in-law yesterday, and Sister Lori's been home now for a week, and she's, uh, my mother-in-law said she, you'd never know anything happened to her. She she doesn't look hagggered or tired, so she just looks like herself. Uh, she can move her feet and things, uh, but she still can't stand up, so we're just want to keep her in prayer. And also that, uh, they're fighting with the insurance company, which I I sympathize with them there. uh they're trying to get her into a rehab to help her uh learn how to walk again things. So just keep her in prayer and uh just trust him for a full healing for her. Uh the needs brother David mentioned and sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy Jr. Um let's sing that song uh 637 open our eyes Lord and ask brother brother Bob Hansen if you can uh open in prayer brother and we'll sing this a few times. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus, to reach out and touch him. [Music] and say that we love him. Open our ears, Lord, [Music] and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. [Music] We want to see Jesus. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus [Music] to reach out and touch him and say that we love Amen. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jes. One more time as our brother comes and open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus [Music] to reach out and touch him and say that we love him. and open our ears, Lord, and help us to listen. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Can we just bow our hearts and our heads to our father, to our savior, to our king, our husband, our beloved, our very closest friend. Father, we love you with everything that is in our hearts. And as the song says, Lord, we just want to reach out and touch you. For a touch from you, oh Father God, is eternal. It's everything. It's healing. It's love. It's salvation. [Music] And we just want to say how much we love you and appreciate you. And Father, as we gather together, Lord, as a family, whether we're from the West Coast or the East Coast, we're all a part of a family in you. We want to lift up praises and honor and glory to your precious name. And Lord, there was prayer requests brought forward, Lord, for brother Mark and different ones that I don't know, but you know, Lord. And Father, we just ask that you would intervene, guide the hands of the technicians, the doctors, for you are the great healer. Father God, for this brother, Lord, that was in the motorcycle accident in Edmonton. Father, we just thank you, Lord, that you spared his life. Just heal him, Lord, and raise him up. And for our precious brother AB, assistant minister back home. Lord, you've know how he suffered over the years with strokes and diabetes, neuropathy, and how you've raised him up each and every time. And now, Lord, with his pancreatitis, Lord, we just ask Lord that you would heal him again. Bring him back to that sacred desk, his post of duty. Father, Lord, you just know how much we love him and appreciate him because of you. We just ask this morning, Lord, that you would set our brother Jonathan aside and let it be you that speaks. And let it be your Holy Spirit that makes you real and alive in our hearts. We just thank you now, Father, and we want to again lift praise and honor and thanksgiving unto you to your precious name, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Let's sing number 102. He knows my name. I have a maker. [Music] He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hands. Thank you, Lord. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. receives each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Thank you, Lord. I have a father. He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me no matter where I go. Glory. Thank you, Lord. As he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have the maker. before my heart and before even time began. My life was in his hand. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Cuz he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. And I have a father. He calls me his own and he'll never leave. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Where I gone, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. He knows my name. name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. And he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. Sister Priscilla's got a special. So, we just sing this course 198. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. as she comes. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he hath done great things. He has done great things. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he hath done great things. He hath done great things. He hath done great things. Bless his holy name. [Music] Father, I come. My words are few like a child. I reach out just to be with you now. You held nothing back. Instead, you pursued a story composed. [Music] to bring me back home. [Music] You say it's already done. The war for my heart is [Music] that simple. The way that you love me, it's not complicated. [Music] I simply receive. It's really that simple. The way that you love me, it's not complicated. [Music] I simply receive. You say it's already done. The war for my heart is won. It's really that simple the way that you love me. It's not complicated. I simply receive. It's really that simple. The way that you love me, it's not complicated. I simply receive. [Music] I don't need to strike. for what's already mine. You're already mine. [Music] I don't need to strive for what's already mine. You're already mine. And I [Music] don't need to strive for what's already mine. You're already mine. And I don't need to strive for what's already mine. You're already mine. It's really that simple. The way that you love me, it's not complicated. No, I simply receive. It's really that simple. The way that you love me, it's not complicated. No, I simply receive. [Music] Father, I come. My words are few. Like a child, I reach out just to be with you now. [Music] Like a child, I reach out just to be with you now. Let's stand. Let's sing that one. 253. Then Jesus came. One sat alone beside the highway begging. His eyes were blind. the light he could not see. He clutched his wrath and shivered in the shadows. Then Jesus came and made his darkness flee. When Jesus comes, the temptor's power is broken. When Jesus comes, the tears are wiped away. He takes the gloom and fills the life with gloryy. For all is changed when Jesus comes to stay from home and friends. Evil spirits drove him among the tombs. He dwelt in misery. He cut himself and shed bows possessed him. And Jesus came and set the captive free. My glory. When Jesus comes, the tempter's power is broken. When Jesus comes, the tears are wiped away. He takes the gloom and fills the life with gloryy. For all is changed when Jesus comes to stay. An unclean unclean. The leer cried in torment. The death, the dumb in helplessness stood near. The fear ra disease had gripped its victim. Then Jesus came and cast out every fear. Thank you, Lord. When Jesus comes, the temptor's power is broken. When Jesus comes, the tears are wiped away. He takes the glue and fills the life with glory. For all is changed when Jesus come to stay. Thank you Lord. So meant today have found the Savior able they could not come. A passion, lust and sin. Their broken hearts have left them sad and lonely. Then Jesus came and dwelt himself. Man, glory. Thank you, Lord. When Jesus comes, the tempter's power is broken. When Jesus comes, the tears are wiped away. He takes a glue and fills the life with glory. And all is changed when Jesus comes to save. When Jesus comes, the temptor's power is broken. When Jesus comes, all tears are wiped away. He takes the gloom and fills the life with glory. For all is changed when Jesus comes to stay. [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord Jesus, how thankful we are this morning, Lord, that we've got a gospel testimony, Lord. A reality of a life that's been changed, Lord. Not by anything we've done, Lord, but by your work, by your word, by your spirit, Lord, that it does what it says it will do, heavenly father. So, Lord, we're thankful again this morning, Lord. We're thankful we're gathered under a promise that if we come in your name, you'd be in the midst of us, heavenly father. So, Lord, we're praying you'll take this message this morning, Lord, that you'll just open up eyes that have been darkened, Lord. that you'll open up our lives, Lord, that you'll help us to see, Lord, places we need correction, Lord, where we need to come up to a higher plane, a higher level. Lord, grant us grace this morning. We pray in Jesus Christ's name, we're asking it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to the book of John, chapter 8. Book of John, chapter 8. Amen. Good to be here this morning. Good to see each one. Church is slowly starting to fill up. Just bit by bit. Seems like every month or two we get another person here, another person there, a family here, one there. So, we're thankful to see that. Amen. We trust the Lord would fill the whole thing if it would be his will. Amen. But we're not here for membership. We're not here for membership. We're here for souls. Amen. So, I'm so thankful for that. Just a few announcements this morning. Just want to reinforce what brother Paul sent out by email. And that is to let him know if you are going to camp and if you are not going to camp and if there are days where you won't be in camp and if there are meals where you won't be there or where people in your family won't be there. They need a very accurate headcount because we have way more people wanting to come than we really have room for. So we need every possible bed, every bit of food. We need to be able to plan for those things. So, please let them know by next Friday, July 18th, if you're going, how many are going, what days they're going to be there. Please confirm with them ASAP, so that they can move on and let those that are on the waiting list that want to come come if there are if there are going to be rooms or beds available. Amen. We also want to uh say goodbye to Brother Bob and Sister Joe. I know they're not gone yet, but they fly out tomorrow. So, we pray God's grace to them as they travel back home. Please bring our greetings to the church and the saints back there, your pastor. Amen. and uh we'll see you in a couple months, Lord willing. So, we're happy for that. Amen. Appreciate the special this morning. Always appreciate it when somebody has a a song on their heart. Amen. Amen. We're actually going to read uh we're not going to start at verse 32. We're going to start at verse 31 and read to 33. Just changed it a bit in the in the office back there. So, John 8 and verse 31 says this. It says, "And as sorry, let's say verse 30. And as he spake these words, many believed on him." This is Christ now. It says, "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, if you continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed." Now notice there's an initial hearing. But then he says, "You got to keep going." You can't stop with what you've heard. You got to keep going with the word. It says, "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." Now watch the response here. Because they said unto him, they answered him, "We be Abraham's seed. We're Abraham's children." He said, "And were never in bondage to any man, how sayest thou, ye shall be made free." What did they do? They went right back to their heritage. They went right back to their religion. Said, "Hey, we are children of the promise. We are not in bondage." How can you say you're going to set us free if we are in the truth? But he says the truth will set you free. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. This is where we're going to preach this morning. And we're we're we've been preaching on headship. And this is still certainly along those lines this morning, but I want to take just a different direction for a couple of services here and may maybe be a strange topic this morning called an echo chamber gospel. An echo chamber gospel. Amen. And then we're going to come back to our thought on absolute power after this, but it ties in and it's just a little segue from this to to to clarify some things that I've been preaching and to give us a little more insight in it. Amen. And the first thing we want to know is what is an echo chamber? because this is not something that's very common these days in terms of the physical element. Amen. But a an echo chamber is a room or a space designed or having features that cause sound to be amplified and repeated. A room designed to create an echo effect. So they have these around the world and this is actually a studio that's designed as an echo chamber. And so it has very solid surfaces but within that it has reflective surfaces that cause the sound to go back and forth as you're speaking in there. And then you have buildings that have this effect. And this is a a a cathedral in Scotland actually. And this is an unfortunate effect because when the preacher's preaching in there, his voice echoes the whole way. You remember how this building was when we first got it? It was an echo chamber. I trust by God's grace it's not an echo chamber this morning. But there's a there's a it's a place where what you say is repeated back to you over and over and over again. That's what an echo chamber is. You control the message in an echo chamber. It won't speak anything else but what you speak. Okay? Now, this has become more of a modern phrase today because they're designing buildings now not to echo. They're designing them to kill sound and then they pipe it back in traditionally with with audiovisisual equipment. But now we have the modern phrase of an echo chamber or an echo room. And it's a place where individuals are primarily exposed to information and opinions that confirm their existing beliefs. Okay. So this can be social media. It can be a group of friends. It can be a church. It can be a school or university. But the point is that you're going to a place to hear what you have already determined to be right. Your beliefs have already been established. And so you're looking for a group of people. You're looking for a place. You're looking for a hall of wisdom that that that affirms or confirms what you already believe. In other words, an echo chamber or an echo room is not a place for somebody seeking truth. It is a place for somebody seeking affirmation of where they are and what they believe. Amen. So, what it is is when you are looking for an echo chamber, you're looking for people to repeat back to you what you have already decided is right. Let me repeat that again. You speak and people repeat back to you what you speak and you believe their words because they are your words. Okay? And the abundance of people saying the same thing makes you believe that you're right. You're in a place where everyone believes the same thing. So you say, "Well, it must be right because everybody believes it here." That's what an echo chamber is. Amen. Sheer numbers convince you. Amen. And people are seeking today those that are shouting loudest. Those that have the most voices, those that have the greatest numbers behind them and saying, "Aha, that must be right. That must be true." Because that is what most people believe. That's the very definition of an echo chamber. It is not the definition of truth. Amen. Truth. The thing is this. Let me let me put it this way. If you think the way that everyone else thinks, you're wrong. That's that's the truth this morning. Okay, we're we're now preaching. We're take we're saying if you believe the way that everyone else believes, you're wrong by the word. You are wrong. And we'll prove it to you by the word this morning. Amen. If you're sitting in a church this morning and it preaches the same gospel that every other church out there preaches, you're in the wrong place. It is not the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. The truth is not common. It is rarely preached and it is not found in the common meeting ground of society and religion. That is not where you're going to find truth. Amen. The truth will make you uncomfortable, but Jesus said you'll hear the truth and the truth will set you free. Amen. The truth is, it stands alone. Is an absolute. It just is. It's not seeking people to affirm it or confirm it. The truth is just there. And it doesn't matter if one believes it, if none believe it, or if everyone believes it. It is not changed based on numbers. Amen. And you can't be set free this morning if you are convinced you are in liberty. And when Jesus was preaching to those Jews, they said,"We're not bound." And he was saying, "You've got to be set free. And if you'll hear my words and continue in it, it'll set you free." And they said, "But we're not bound." That's the worst place you can be is say this morning, "I have no bondage." If you haven't received the word, if you've received the word, praise the Lord, you're no longer in bondage. But I say we're still in bondage until we get out of here because we're in this body of death that holds us back. Amen. So, we don't go to the halls of education or religion to find truth this morning. We don't look for the biggest churches. We don't look for the greatest ministries. We don't look for the best speakers. Amen. The truth is out there somewhere, but it is not with the majority. It's never with the majority. Amen. It doesn't shout. It doesn't rant. It doesn't herang. It doesn't attract a lot of money. The truth just is. And it is it is the word of God as we believe it this morning. Amen. But look at what Jesus said. He said in Matthew 7, "Enter ye in at the straight gate." That word straight means small and narrow. He says, "For wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadth to destruction and many there be which go in there." So the majority, we could say everyone more or less is the has has decided that the road to destruction is the correct road. So if you're looking for the the the the commonality or the consensus of what everyone thinks is right, when you find it, go opposite. Go opposite because theirs is the way to destruction. Many there be that which go therein. Amen. Now he says, because straight is the gate and narrow is the way which leads to life, and few there be that find it. So that tells you that the road to life, the road of truth, the road of the complete gospel of Jesus Christ is with the minority. Few there be that find it. Amen. Look at Christ's ministry. Okay, this is a man that went to a people that by their own profession and by their own religion were looking for him and waiting for him with baited breath. Their every prayer was send the Messiah. And when the Messiah came, 120 people out of millions accepted him. 120 out of the millions. And this was going to a a a group of people that were preaching him, that were seeking him and only 120 accepted him while he was there. What's it going to be like today when nobody's seeking him? &gt;&gt; When they're not preaching this, when they're not raised around it, how many are going to find it? It's going to be in the minority. Watch what he says now. He says, "Beware of false prophets, prophets, but false ones." Amen. Satan is cloaked in religion. He says, "Which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves." So outwardly they look like Christians. They act like Christians. They talk like Christians. But inwardly, he says, they're ravening wolves. That word ravening means swindlers. In other words, they're in it for themselves. He says, "You shall know them by their fruits. Do man gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles? Even so, every good tree bringeth forth good fruit. Period. Every good tree can only produce good fruit. Period. You got to give it time. It'll produce it. He says, "But a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit." Period. I was listening to Brother Bram this morning. He said, "You can't start out wrong and become good." You can't start wrong and become right. You've got to start right to become right. You can't finish right if you've started wrong. He says, "Even so, every good tree bringeth forth good fruit, but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit." He says, "A good tree cannot." That is an absolute church. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is heuned down and cast into the fire. Judgment is the only thing that awaits a tree that doesn't produce fruit or produces bad fruit. Okay? He says, "Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. Not everyone," now catch this, "not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord," shall enter into the kingdom of heaven. But he that does one thing, he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. See, it's not in doing great works, it's in doing his will. Amen. Man's things are the great ways. God works in simplicity, but it has eternal and lasting results. Remember, they would talk about Billy Graham. Billy Graham would say, "I'll go into a city. I'll hold a great revival. I'll get 30,000 converts and come back a year later, and I can't find 30." Now, was Billy Graham a true messenger of God? Absolutely. He was one of the two to Sodom. Remember, it was him and Oral Roberts. One to the Pentecostals and one to everybody else. Two angel messengers to them. He had a true gospel of repentance and salvation, but what? It never took the people all the way. It was a social gospel in the end. And it never turned their hearts back to the true word. They had a moment. They had an event. They had an experience, but it wasn't a lasting thing. What is it? It's not about the big show. It's about what will last. It's always about what will last. What will hold true. Amen. He says many, in other words, the majority of religious people will say to me in that day, what day? It's the day of judgment. Okay, this is the white throne. The majority of religious people will stand before the white throne judgment and plead their case with these exact words. Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? And in thy name cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works. Now notice the phrase there, Lord. Lord, see everyone wants Savior, but how many want Lord? Because Lord means he's in control. He has the authority in your life. He says, "And then I will profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." Amen. So what is iniquity? It's to know what to do and refuse to do it. It is self-will rather than surrender. Okay? So he says, "You call me Lord, but you didn't treat me like Lord. I told you what to do and you refused to do it and you went and did something your own way. You got your own results and here you stand today." He never denies what they did. He says, "It was not according to my will." That's the crux of the matter. Now, I read this quote last service, but I want to read it again just as we get fired up this morning. He says, "The Holy Ghost is the action in you. It's a life, not an emotion, not some sort of fleshly evidence, but it is a person, Jesus Christ, the word of God, established in your heart, to quicken every word of this age. He says, watch the Holy Ghost in action, not so much in demonstration. See, it's not about the show. He says, but in action, what it does according to the word. And I spoke of this last service where I said, my life is here to prove the word. The word is not here to prove my life. Amen. It cannot be about me. It has to be about the word. When I go and I pray for somebody, it is not about proving that I'm a preacher or a mass a a minister of the gospel, but it is about proving the word works. That's what has to be. Our every thought is the word has the preeminence, not me. And too often demonstrations come back to me instead of the word. And it draws people to me rather than the word, to the ministry I'm speaking, of course. So when we look at this, this is the life of a person that is in God's will, not somebody that's inviting God into their will. And you see the difference there. Amen. Some of the most wholesome people out there, sincere, we would say God-fearing, good. Amen. They're going to bypass the rapture of the bride of Jesus Christ because they turn down the will of God. That's what he's showing there. That's what we read in that in that scripture is that they didn't do what he asked. It's not that they didn't do good things, but they didn't do what he asked. They meant what is it? It is people that are setting up their own lives and their own ways. And we would say it's good. It's clean. It's moral. I It's proper living. Listen, foolish virgins are still virgins. &gt;&gt; Amen. The life that they live is in many ways wonderful, but their life and their lifestyle is of their own choosing rather than the will of God for their life. Amen. And so they're inviting God into their own decisions rather than surrendering themselves to the full word of God so that he could lead them by his spirit. Amen. I've I've met people and this this is not a a madeup group of people, okay? I have a a particular family in mind that moved into the middle of nowhere up in the Yukon if I remember correctly. And they their their profession was well, I'm going up there because it's away from the things of the world. that's away from the hustle and the bustle and it's clean and I'm in nature and God's there and there's less spirits out there and all these different things. And so they went and they had this beautiful cabin on a lake out in the middle of nowhere and it was just them and their family. That's it. And what happened in that place? They became a law unto themselves and they didn't attend church which meant they took themselves out from under the correction of the word and so they became righteous in their own eyes and they were critical of all other believers. Openly critical of all other believers. Amen. They didn't have local believers they could support and serve and help. And so what did they become? Selfish. And it was all about themselves. Amen. They were so focused on living in a good place that they forgot that there's only one good place and that is smack dab in the will of God. That's the only place you can be. Paul said, "I've learned to be content in whatever state I am." I mean, that's our confession this morning. That is if I am in the will of God, there's a peace, there's a rest, there's a contentment there for me if I have found his will. No matter how uncomfortable or comfortable it is, there's a rest of knowing that you're where he wants you to do. Amen. And so the God's will is always his word and the Holy Spirit is there to try and quicken that word to us. But when we get into an echo chamber, we start to make decisions. We start to say things and we seek out like-minded individuals to confirm that to us, we get into problems. Okay? And so these people, we call them good people, well-meaning people, they walked away from the word of God because they got an their their head wrapped around a particular facet or idea. And what is it, church? They've got a book that borrows from the Bible rather than is the Bible. They'll never say it that way, but that's the way it is, church. We're Bible based rather than Bible. That's where we can end up. Amen. What would have saved this family? Perhaps if somebody came up to them and said, "Brother, that's not going to work out well. You're going to forsake the assembling of yourselves together. You're going to be outside of a local body. you're going to be outside the word of correction. And people told them, but he had his mind made up. The father had his mind made up. They're caught up in their thinking. And they were focused on what made that life enjoyable rather than what made it according to the word of God. And what happened? What caused them to come to that place? I won't share the final outcome because it would it would identify them over the pulpit. And I'm not preaching against them. By God's grace, what happened was tragic. But the family recovered and got themselves out of that. But there was tragedy there. It was absolutely horrible. But what was the tipping point? What is the tipping point to be coming to a place where you have an echo chamber gospel? You walk away from the word of God. And it only takes one word, church. It only takes one church. Amen. Now, it's rarely obvious Satan will use hurts. He'll use offenses. He'll use emotions. He'll use worries. or he'll offer you the positive side. He'll give you the promise of liberty and freedom and clean living and separation from things that bothers you. And the thing is this, Satan knows how to tempt you. See, what tempts me is not maybe what tempts you, but Satan knows how to tempt you. Then his only temptation is to get us away from the word of God. And he'll do it through whatever appeal that we have in our flesh or our mind. That works really well. When we look back in the in into the the word of God and into these gentile church ages, Amen. There's seven church ages and we see in the very first church age they got into a problem and we see that their problem was that they stepped away. They fell away from something that they had. But watch what what was the tipping point here? He says unto the angel of the church of Ephesus, right? Unto who does it say unto the church? It says unto the angel. One man, one messenger, one message. That's it. Okay. Notice it's one man, one messenger for each age. Paul's the first one. And it's the same message for every single church age. As in it's preaching from the same gospel, but because the condition of the church changes through all of those seven church ages, there's a particular focus on a portion of the word for that age because that's the portion that's going to get them to overcoming. So they're all preaching from the same message. Amen. We are not preaching what we call the message this morning is not a new gospel. It is the message of Paul. It has to be. If it's not, we're in apostasy. Which is why we preach from the word of God. Amen. But what is it? Paul pointed us to Christ, the word. And every messenger after that pointed us back to Christ. Amen. Paul kept Paul set up the original church. Amen. He set the pattern for the New Testament church. So under the angel of the church of Ephesus, write these things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, which walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks. That's Revelation 1. It's Christ. Here's here's Christ's report card for the first church age. I know thy works and thy labor and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil. and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles and are not and has found them liars and has borne and has patience and for my name's sake has labored and has not fainted. This is a wonderful testimony. We would say that's an a that's an A+ perhaps. But watch what happens here. It says, "Nevertheless, I have somewhat against thee." He says, "I've got something against you because thou hast left thy first love." What was their first love, church? It was Christ. Amen. We'll answer this shortly, but look, it says, "You fell away from your first love. Your love changed." And Jesus in Matthew 24 would say it get to the point where the love of many will wax cold because of what? Iniquity abounds. Disobedience to the will of God. Disobedience to the word of God. Doing what you want to do rather than what he tells you to do. Why did they leave? He says, "Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen and repent and do the first works." So they had something. They fell away from it. They lost their position. They lowered themselves. He says, "And if you don't repent and go back to what I told you," he says, "I will come quickly, come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place except thou repent." He says, "But this thou hast." He's dealing with a spirit, church. "This thou hast that thou hatest the deeds of the nickelians, which I also hate. He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches." Oh, the spirit's speaking. The spirit's speaking. How is he speaking? Through an angel messenger. Only one. Only one. Remember what Paul said to Timothy? He says, "Commit these things unto faithful men that will repeat my message, not come up with their own." Because the deeds of the nickels is to come up with your own. Okay? He says, "To him that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the tree of life which is in the midst of the paradise of God. Now look at what Paul said about this as the first church age messenger. Now remember what we said. Paul is the voice of the Holy Spirit to that age. You cannot escape that. That is the voice of the Holy Spirit to the age is through that messenger. Amen. There's no other age in that voice except Paul's message because the Holy Spirit spoke through him. It wasn't his message. It was the Holy Spirit's message and Paul was just a repeating microphone. Okay? Now, watch this key because it plays out through the seven gentile church ages. Time and time again, they repeat the same problem. Israel had the same one. Paul says, "I marvel that you are so s removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ under another gospel." He says, "I can't believe I'm amazed at how fast you've turned away from this gospel. From who? Who called them into the gospel? The Holy Spirit. They turned away from the Holy Spirit. How did the Holy Spirit speak? Through Paul's message. He says, "Which is not another, but there be some that trouble you and would pervert the gospel of Christ." So, what's the problem? Are they preaching a new gospel? Yes and no. They're preaching the original gospel, but he says they're perverting it and presenting it as the original. In other words, they're taking the truth and they're twisting it and repreaching it and saying, "But this is the true gospel." Amen. Now, catch this church. These are professing Christians within the body of believers. &gt;&gt; Amen. They're preaching something they call the gospel, but it's their own gospel modeled after the true gospel, but it is not the true gospel. Now, listen to Paul's warning. He says, "But though we or an angel from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which you have preached unto you, let him be accursed." That's heavy stuff. That's serious. God protects his word. You look in Revelation says, "If any man adds to this book or takes away from it, his name is out of the book of life." That's it. That's what the being a curse means. Amen. Paul says, "Even I can't change this message I brought." As the author supposedly, he says, "I'm not allowed to change it." Why, church? Because it wasn't his message. Watch what he says. And he repeats it. He says, "As we said before, so say I now again. If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that which you have received, let him be a cursed. For do I now persuade man or God? Or do I seek to please men? Or if I yet please men, I should not be the servant of Christ. What is the temptation of a minister, church? It's to preach what the people want to hear. And Paul says, listen, am I here preaching what you want to hear? Paul preached hard messages. Go read Corinthians. Both of them. Paul preached hard messages. He wasn't preaching what they wanted to hear. He was preaching what God told him to preach. And that's what would help them. That would take them. Amen. Because what happens is when we preach what the people want to hear, what does it create? An echo chamber gospel. And what does it do? It increases membership. It increases money. It increases our church size. And God leaves the building. Paul said, "Am I telling you what you want to hear? Judge me by what you hear. Am I here trying to convince you? Am I trying to convince God?" He says, "Not on your life." He says, "But I certify to you, brethren, that the gospel which I which was preached of me is not after man." In other words, doesn't come from men. He says, "For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ." Paul says, "Guys, this isn't even my gospel. I used to think I knew right. I wasn't. I got the new birth, and I still didn't know, right? God had to take me on the back side of the desert and put all of the scriptures back together. And that's why I preach this today cuz the Holy Spirit came down on the backside of the desert in Arabia and he gave this to me. I don't have anything in this that is of me. This is 100% from God to you. &gt;&gt; That's the word that we're believing this morning. Amen. Now, watch how Paul comes preaching. You say, "What would you do with a message like that?" Did Paul come with great fanfare, with trumpets, riding in a chariot? Did he come walking soberly into the meetings with a a priestly robe and a miter and a tall hat? Or did he come into a a beautiful score of music that would sway the people's emotions and doves let go at key moments in the service? Strobe lights, pulsing music, soft, gentle music. How did Paul come, church? Look at how they come and that'll tell you what they're bringing. The Bos the gospel does not come with great fanfare, with great sounds. It comes in simplicity because it's for a simple people. The scripture says the what? The common people heard him gladly. Paul says, "And I, brethren, when I came to you came not with excellency of of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God." Paul's message, he says, was a testimony of God. The book of Revelation says that the testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. In other words, the message of every true prophet will point you back to Jesus Christ, the living word. That is the purpose of a prophet. Amen. It will not point to a man. It will not point to a ministry. It will point you back to Christ, the living word. And if it is pointing to the man, get out. That simple. If you're sitting under a ministry that's pointing to men, get out. It's apostasy. The purpose of a prophetic utterance is to take you back to the word every single time. He says, "For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. And I was with you how? in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. In other words, the way that Paul presented his message was not something to inspire confidence in him. Okay? He was presenting Christ. He was pointing people to a risen Christ, not to a powerful minister. It's an easy test of ministry. Are they pointing to themselves or are they pointing to Christ? Come to me. Work with me. Support me. Believe me. No, they've got to point you to Christ. &gt;&gt; Otherwise, you'll get tied up. Amen. Are they binding you to themselves or are they freeing you by the word? Brother Garfield and I were talking uh after service there a while ago and he was telling me about a ministry and I won't give the details, brother Garfield, just to protect the the innocent and the guilty perhaps, but he was saying there was a there was a church that focused on this one partic particular doctrinal issue and everyone there believed it and everyone went by it and everybody was hardcore about it. But what happened is that the minister that preached it was so authoritarian, what was he doing? He was trying to get a grip on people and what he ended up doing was getting a young sister pregnant in the church. Why? He was binding the people to himself. And as soon as he ch they changed out pastors, the rules changed and everyone started going in a different direction. What is it? They're binding themselves to men, not to the word. And the ministry is allowing it. Church, don't believe me because I'm saying it. Believe it because the word says it. And bind yourself to the word because I'll be gone one day. God forbid I fall away. Bind yourself to the word. That's what's going to hold you. He says, "And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of men's wisdom." In other words, there was no seduction with Paul's words. When you listen to Paul, he didn't pull you in with great great oration, manipulating his sound, strategic pauses like I'm doing now. Church, they teach it all today. how to be a great speaker. And what happens is we had a hillbilly from Kentucky that didn't know his ain't from his. And what did he do? He did what Paul did. Listen to this. He says, "I didn't come with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power." Notice he's not tempting you with what you can have for your life. He's pointing you to a risen Christ. He's pointing you to the reality of a gospel that is alive and has life in it, not a dead religion that will make your life good. Cuz it wasn't good in those days of whom the world was not worthy. Speaks of those ages living in caves, getting together in tombs, being killed, torn aunder, saw in half, eaten by animals. Paul wasn't calling you to a life of ease. He was calling you to a life of overcoming. It was an overcoming gospel. But Paul had heard the voice of the Holy Spirit time and time again. And as the book of Revelation was written by John, crying out to each church age, so we saw Paul coming into his church age and crying out the very words that were written by John in the book of Revelation about that falling away. And watch what he says. He says, "Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood." Remember this moving forward. The purpose of an overseer is always to feed the sheep. It's to feed the sheep, not to fleece the sheep. What matters is that the sheep are healthy, not that you get your cut. Okay? It's not to develop a multi-million dollar ministry. It's not to get a global following. It's to feed the sheep no matter what. What matters is that the sheep stay healthy. He says,"For I know this that after my departing shall grievous wolves." That word grievous means burdensome, heavy, weighty. These grievous wolves will enter in among you, not sparing the flock. So these are destructive people, not life sustaining. Remember we preached out of Genesis that when you are under a godly authority, then it produces life. It brings order out of chaos and it brings blessing rather than hurt. He says, "These are not under the right authority because when they come in, they're going to fleece the the flock. They're not going to spare them. They're in it for themselves." Now, watch where they come from. Also, of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things. That word perverse means crooked, misleading things with the intention of turning you away. Why would they turn you away? to draw away disciples after this guy. Amen. Watch out. Remember, we're speaking on an echochamber gospel. And where do the problems come from, church? Right here. Right here. It's from within. It's professing brothers. Amen. It's people that are biting their time, waiting till they can put their hands on the steering wheel and say, "I'm the pastor. I'm the preacher. I've got control. I've got authority. I've got the tithes. I'm the one that's going to determine the direction. I'm the only one that can lead or save this church. That's what he says they're doing. What's their methodology? Separate the sheep, cause divisions, draw people to themselves, not to Christ, and set up their own church with their own leadership. Okay? Paul saw it happening before he left as churches started trending towards the leadership of men rather than the Holy Spirit. And we know God uses men church. He's got a five-fold ministry that is authorized that is dedicated to preach the word. But it is his message, not their message. And it's his ministry, not their ministry. And it's his leadership, not their leadership. But there are men that are under a false anointing that'll produce Christianity. So-called. He's speaking to the Galatians. He says, "You did run well." Who did hinder you? He didn't say what. He said, "Who?" He says, "You are doing so well." What hindered you that you should not obey the truth? What he says something's pressured you to get away from the word? He says, "This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you." Notice what the hindrance is. It's a persuasion. It's a seduction. It's a call. It's an argument. It's a doctrine. It's a pull from man. Amen. He's saying God didn't start this. So God can't be in the finish of it. You can't start down a road without God and believe God's going to walk with you down this road. It won't end well. Now catch this. He says, "A little levan leavenventh the whole lump. A little lump, a little decision, a little thought, a little opportunity, a little promotion, a little relationship, a little bit of internet search. A little bit of dabbling. That's all it takes. Okay. Eve started with a casual conversation and she ended up in death. It started little, but in time, the whole lump of dough is saturated with that leaven because it grows and grows. Church, there's nothing we ought to be casual about today. Every time you make a change in your lifestyle, you add something. Check it with the word. Because the scripture says, Satan's going around as a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour. He's not a roaring lion. He's pretending to be a roaring lion. Amen. And what is it? It is not. It's subtle. It's subtle. For people that are trained in the word, he has to be subtle because anything obvious will throw up flags. It's always subtle and it's almost always cloaked in religion or the idea that you can handle something, but it's against the word. There's a caution flag that ought to be thrown up. But he says, "I have confidence in you through the Lord that you will be none otherwise minded, but he that troubleth you shall bear judgment." Whoever he is, he says he's going to get it. These guys that are doing this, they're going to get it when it comes to the end. Amen. Listen to this. He says Jesus said on earth a little leaven leavenvens the whole lump and it's got to be perfectly right or it isn't right at all. And the plan of salvation has got to be exact and God's promises are exact and they work exact or there is something wrong somewhere. And if the church of the living God is not achieving what God purposed for them to do, there's something wrong with that system somewhere. He says there just has to be. He says not too long ago I asked a lady if she were a Christian. She said, 'I will have you know, sir, that I burn a candle every night. What in the world has that got to do with it? He says, I'm a Methodist. I'm a Baptist. I'm a Pentecostal. That hasn't got to do a thing to do with it. He says it is the Holy Ghost or parish. Let me tell you this morning. You say, "I'm a message believer. It's the Holy Ghost or nothing." &gt;&gt; This morning, church, you cannot get in because you identify with truth. because you identify with an end time messenger. You got to get the Holy Ghost. That's the only way. He says it's the Holy Ghost or perish. Why? Because there's only one spirit that baptizes us into that body. And you don't join a church. You join a body. And it's only one way to get there, and it's through the Holy Spirit. He says, well, starting back there in the first church, the people got to thinking and reasoning how to improve on God. He says, the deeds of the Nickelians began showing themselves. Now remember what nickelia means. It means to conquer the lady. It means to get the people to do what you want them to do by taking authority over them and binding them to yourself. See when the Holy Ghost leadership is rejected, something else has to come in. The they say that nature abhores a vacuum. Well, guess what? You abhore a vacuum. And when God or the when the spirit of God is taken out, another spirit has to come in. Amen. And the thing is it'll be the leadership of men. And if there's one thing men do, it's they self-promote. They built up themselves rather than the people. Our nature is selfish and it'll never take us to a good place. He says, "Then a group formed and they drifted away." See, it's just a little bit. A little bit here, a little bit there. You notice how it happens, church? The bride is built up word upon word, line upon line, here a little and there a little. And Satan's bride is a but she's built the same way. But it's here a little and there a little in the wrong direction. It's a drifting away until you turn around. You say, "How in the world did we get here?" And you are flat contradictory to the word of God. And you can't explain how you got there. It'd only be the grace of God that would open your eyes to let you see you've drifted away. He said they drifted away from the pattern of the word. He says all it takes is just one word changed and that little levan then leavenvens the whole lump. He that offends him one point to the law is guilty of all. He said Eve just changed one word that will do it. Now catch this next phrase. And when that Satan centered group was formed, Satan centered church. Did you know Eve started with good intentions? We would call these good people, sincere people. But sincerity is one of the greatest traps that Satan has because sincerely wrong is still wrong. Satan centered group. What a statement. These are believers professing. He says it began, this group began to hate and to fight the true believers, insisting that they, the aliens, were the church of God. He says, notice how organization breeds hatred. It destroys fellowship. It makes bitterness. That is what myrrh means. This is what Smyrna was full of bitterness. A root of bitterness defiles many. He says, "So more and more defilement was coming in and every age would feel its scars." Church, when you have separation, when you have division and hate goes with it, what comes behind? Bitterness sets in. And notice he says it didn't stop with this people. It didn't stop with this church age. It rolled on and on and on throughout to the end of time. It's a domino effect. But we start today, church, it'll keep rolling. I say, let's roll with the right things cuz otherwise we have something that can keep producing and keep producing. But what is this church? Why does it keep rolling on after those people are dead? Cuz spirits don't die. Spirits don't die. And it's a spirit. It's an influence. It wasn't just a person. It was a false anointing on these vessels that caused them to produce this. Amen. Listen to what he says. One word of God displaced, &gt;&gt; not just taken out, but twisted, misinterpreted. He says spoils the whole picture. You go back to Eve and you see it. One word, twisted, the whole thing falls apart. What we see here is people that have turned to their own religious lifestyle rather than God's will and way. Amen. It's a religion. It's a God of their own making. Amen. And it's a spirit. It's an etern. It's an external influence that's operating in their life. And it is not the Holy Spirit. Amen. It's not the spirit of God. Now, that's hard to hear, but let me say it anyways. These are professing Christians, professing brothers and sisters potentially in the midst. Now, I'm not preaching to this church right now by God's grace, but I'm preaching on a principle because as we preach things here that are different from so many churches, the question arises, well, what about them? What anointing are they under? If they're what they're doing is wrong, then are they even Christians? Are you ready to hear it straight? If it's not the Holy Spirit, there's only one other spirit, the unholy spirit. There's only two sides. There's God and everything else. And if you are under the anointing of the Holy Spirit, it will always take you back to the word because it is the spirit of truth, not the just the spirit of signs and wonders and ministries. It's the spirit of truth. It takes you back to the word. And if you're under a spirit that takes you away from the word, that changes the word, then you're under the influence of an unholy spirit. You are under satanic influence in church behind a pulpit professing to be a Christian. That's hard, but it's the truth. Amen. Notice this has been there all the time. Paul's showing it in the first church age. John sees it all the way through to the end. Why? Because it's a spirit that's been working since the origin of mankind trying to get in, trying to grow another bride, another vine, produce its own thing. Amen. It's religious. It's subtle. It's self-serving. And it will contradict the word if you give it enough time every single time. It always goes that way. Paul says this, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind or be troubled, neither by spirit nor by word nor by letter as from us, as the day of Christ is at hand." He says, "Let no man deceive you by any means. For that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and that man of sin be revealed, the son of predition." that what Paul's dealing with is that there was brothers coming in and saying, "Guess what? The Lord has already come and you missed it." Church, this is only what 10 years into Paul's ministry and they're already preaching. You missed the rapture. And so Paul has to come behind and it's not Paul, it's the Holy Spirit, remember? And he corrects this teaching there. And he says, "Listen, there's something has to happen before that day can come." Okay? He says the first thing is there has to come a falling away. And what did we see in the first church age? You fell away from your first love. You fell away from your original position. That word falling away. He says there has he says there has to come a falling away first. That word that phrase falling away is the word apostasy and it means to forsake the truth. In other words, they forsook the word of God. There has to come a falling away of the professing church from the word of God. Catch that. They will say they are preaching the word, but they will have fallen away from the word of God. And what happens in that time? Paul says the culmination of the falling away of the word is that there comes a man of sin and a son of predition that will be revealed at that same time. So in the fullness of this falling away, there's going to be a revealing of the son of predition or the man of sin and the son of predition. What does that person look like? He says this this person opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped so that he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. What's he doing church? He's acting in the place of God. He's putting people in. He's putting people out. He's sending people to eternal life. He's sending people to hell. Amen. He's speaking for God. He's the vicer of Christ. Amen. We call him the pope. But we have to see that this is not a new thing, but rather it is the manifestation of something that's been there all along. It's the full revealing of a spirit in a man that has been through all the ages. Okay? It is not only the pope. See, the the denominations will say, "Well, obviously the city on seven hills is Rome. It's the Vatican. They're going to be destroyed." But remember, she is the the harlot and the mother of harlots. There's a whole system that dropped out from her. Not just Catholic, but the whole Protestant system is her denominational sisters and it's produced the exact same thing. They're acting in the place of God because they kicked him out. And all that's left is their own leadership. Amen. He says,"Remember ye not. When I was with you, I told you these things. And now you know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. For the mystery of iniquity, there's two mysteries that are going to be revealed at the end time. There's the mystery of godliness, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. And there's the mystery of iniquity, which is Satan manifested in flesh." Amen. And the thing is, it's going to surprise everyone where God is and where Satan is. Because Satan's going to be where they think God is and God is going to be where they think Satan is. That's truth this morning. That's hard truth. Amen. What is it? We see in Revelation 3 that Christ is outside the professing church. He's not in there and he's knocking on the door of individual hearts because the professing church kicked him out a long time ago. Amen. He says, "For the mystery of iniquity doth already work." He says, "It's going on right now. Only he who now letth will let that word letth or or let means hinder." So what's hindering the spirit of Satan, the the of this man of predition, the son of predition, this man of sin? It's the Holy Spirit. There's a spirit holding back the authority of Satan in that church, in that man, in that system. When is he going to be taken away? When is the Holy Spirit going to be lifted off the earth, church? when we go, God is holding back the tides of judgment of Satan's reign on earth until we get out of here. And as soon as the bride goes, right, Revelation 12, bride goes up. Revelation 13, Satan comes down. Now, the full power is manifested in the beast. Satan comes down knowing that his time is short. And what does he do? He now puts himself into a man. He embodies himself in flesh. Christ embodied in the bride is taken away. Christ comes down. He's got the whole world to himself except for those 144,000 Jews. What happens? The blood comes off the mercy seat and all that's left is judgment. What's judgment? You get what you've been believing. What a horrible, horrible thing. You get what you've been believing all along. You get what you wanted. You get what you set up. They finally reap what they've been sowing for thousands and thousands of years. He says, "And then shall that wicked be revealed whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth." What is it? It's the power of the spirit speaking the word. "And shall destroy with the brightness of his coming." Notice Christ in Revelation when he comes, he is called the word of God. His identity is the word of God. So what do we have today? We have a Christ of our own making. Not here. But you see what they're doing. The churches have a Christ of their own making. I saw a man in a in a United Church wearing a dress with with all the colors of his nasty rainbow in his hair declaring Christ. But the word wasn't there. When Christ comes, his identity is the word. And today, what do we do? We turn him into a creed. We turn him into a dogma. We turn him into a collective idea of what is right. He stands alone, church. He stands alone. We join to him. He does not join to us that way. We've got to go to him. He says, "And shall destroy with the brightness of his coming." The scripture says, "Out of his mouth goes a sharp sword." What's a sharp sword in the scripture? It's always the word. Christ will destroy all power of Satan by the power of the spoken word. He says, "Even him whose coming is after the working of Satan." In other words, all of Satan's manipulations and and all his efforts are have gone into this man, this antichrist that is identified. He is Satan's great achievement. He's the fulfillment of all that Satan's been trying to do throughout time. And he says he's going to come with all power and signs and lying wonders. Wow. Church, does Satan have power? Yep. Satan had power over Christ. How Pilate Pilate says, "Don't you know I can take your life or save your life?" He says, "You have no power except it were given." Satan has power, but it's not absolute. It's given. And with his power, he can do signs and wonders, but they're lying wonders. Remember, church, what is a lie? It's something that gets exposed eventually. It doesn't last. Pharaoh had magicians that match Moses step for step, but they couldn't undo or overcome the word. They could produce their serpents. They didn't want to produce fleas, but they couldn't get rid of them. Their power only went so far, but there's power there. You say, is there satanic power? Yeah. Meet somebody that's filled with the with the spirit of Satan one time that's under demonic control. You'll see power, church. We were under that power. We know he's got power. He's got power over lives and people. But what does he come with? He says he comes with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish. Notice signs and wonders, but he doesn't come with the word, no truth. Why? He's the father of liars. He comes with a false message. It's his own. He comes with religion, never with the truth, though. It says, "And because they receive not the love of the truth, that they might be saved." The reason people will believe that Antichrist message, that anti-word message, is because they didn't love the truth when it came their way. He says, "For this cause, God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie." You know how they believe it? They preach it. They live it. They accept it. They promote it. And you look around today and we see that both the lie and the delusion are strong. The lie is powerful and the delusion is strong. And we see people today in the world in general that are believing nonsense and they are convinced that they are right. But then you go into a church and they're believing things that are 100% contrary to the word of God. I literally heard a guy the other day that quoted a scripture and flipped its meaning completely. You'd think it's such a clear scripture. There's no way he can do that. But he did it. Why? Because he's under a delusion. Their eyes have been darkened. Their mind has been given over to a reprobate mind. And so they can't see the truth. It says that they might all might be damned who believe not the truth but had pleasure in unrighteousness. This topic is way too big to fit in a single service and I'm going to start to wind it down here in a moment. But I want to talk about this man of sin or this son of predition. Now that phrase man of sin literally means the man of lawlessness. And that son of predition means the son of destruction. So it shows you where this is going. Lawlessness. You are no longer bound by the word. The word has no hold on you. And where does it take you? Destruction. For wide does the gate broad is the way that leads to destruction. This whole system is bringing people to destruction. Amen. And we'll see this in the coming services. If you can't make it on Wednesday night, please listen in because I'll be continuing this and you'll be left behind if we don't if you don't if you jump in again on on Sunday. Now listen. And this is Jesus speaking here. And he says, "While I was with them in the world, we're talking about the son of predition. I kept them in thy name. Those who thou gavest me, I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of predition that the scripture might be fulfilled." So who's the son of predition here? It's Judas. Amen. Judas is scary. He was a false apostle, but yet he was chosen. Jesus said, "I have chosen you, and one of you is a devil." The scripture said of Judas that he was a liar and a thief when Jesus chose him. Okay? People wonder today, how can people do things for God and yet not be real Christians? Here's your answer right here. Look at Balum. Look at Caiaphas. Look at Dayathan. Look at Kora. God will use anyone if they'll let him. But they need a full surrender for them to be a child of God. There has to be something on the inside, not just something that wants. And you'll find that all of these people wanted something for themselves rather than a surrendered heart to God. Catch us now as we're starting to close. He says, "Let me show you what I've been trying to teach all along about the two vines which come from two different spirits." He says, "Take the example of Judas. Jesus and Judas this time. Jesus was the son of God. Judas was the son of predition. God entered into Jesus. Satan entered into Judas. Now, if you look in John 13, what happens is it says that Satan put into the heart of Judas to betray Jesus. So, in other words, Satan planted an idea. He planted a thought and what happened was Judas accepted that thought and he acted on it. And then you go to Luke 22 and it says that Satan entered in to Judas. It went from an idea to an incarnation like that because Judas was willing to act on it. Satan entered into him and performed the final act of the betrayal of Jesus Christ in his body. A little levan leavenvens the whole lump. You open the door to that spirit. Look out. Amen. a thought, an idea turned into the very personification of Satan. He says Jesus had a full Holy Ghost ministry for good. God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power who went about doing good and healing all that were oppressed of the devil for God was with him. He says Acts 10:38 and it says, "For he Judas was numbered with us and had obtained part of this ministry." Acts 11:17. Matthew 10:1 says, "And when he called unto him his 12 disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits to cast them out and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease." He says that spirit that was in Judas went right along through the ministry of Jesus. This is a mystery, church. Catch it. He says, "Then they both came to the cross. Jesus was hanged upon the cross gladly giving his life for sinners and commended his spirit to God. His spirit went to God and then was poured out into the church at Pentecost. But Judas hanged himself and his spirit went back to Satan. Remember, you'll know them by their fruits. Give them enough rope and they'll hang themselves. Judas got to the point where he couldn't live with what he'd done. He says his spirit, Judas hanged himself. His spirit went back to Satan. But after Pentecost, that same spirit that was in Judas came upon the false vine that grows up right alongside the true vine. But he said, notice Judas spirit never got to Pentecost. It never went up to receive the Holy Spirit. It could not. He says, "But what did did that Judas spirit go for? It went for the bag of gold." How it loved money, it still loves money. You look at ministries. What is every minister out there wanting these days? It seems like more membership for more money for me. I see these guys, no offense to our Nigerians here. Profit after profit after profit, and all they want to be is like the biggest guy there that's got the Rolls-Royces and he's got the big watches and the fancy suits and people bowing down and kissing. That's what they all want because he's got it. That's their whole goal is to be like him. And what is it? It's the Mi Show. It's horrible. Listen, we've got it in America. We've got it in Canada as well. Me, me, me. This is what we're going to do. This is how it's going to happen. Watch God vindicate me. Watch God prove me. No, we're here to prove him. We're here to point to him. But it's all about me. And I see these guys, they say, "Shall I prophesy? Shall I prophesy?" They say, "Prophesy. Prophesy, prophet." What is it? It's taking us back to Ahab. prophesy. Thus sayeth the Lord, go up. And Jehoshaphat said, "Is there one more?" 400 prophets said, "Go up." Jehoshaphat, the child of God, said, "Is there one more? I need 401." And Micah didn't come back. We're going to preach on this. I'm getting ahead of myself. Micah didn't say, "Thus sayeth the Lord." He says, "Let me go ask." Prophesy, brother Micah. That's what they were saying. prophesy, brother Micah. Brother Brandham said, "I had to go to brother Neville and talk to him." He says, "Because people were coming to him trying to get him to prophesy over them." And he says the strain that was on him, he says it would have made him say something that wasn't true because the people were forcing him into it. Look out. You can't say thus sayith the Lord unless the Lord says it. And otherwise, you get into problems in a hurry. I saw one of them eventually what he did was he called up a woman and tried to speak over her and everything he said was wrong. And everyone just started looking around saying, "Where's the gift?" Why? Because it was all about himself. He says, "It went for the bag of gold. How it loved money, it still loves money. If it goes about in the name of Jesus, doing mighty things and holding great meetings, it still makes more of money and buildings and education and everything with the material concept." He says, "Just watch that spirit that has come upon them and don't be fooled." Are we listening, church? Are we listening? Follow the money. One of the greatest things you can do, follow the money. Who benefits? What is it? Quibono. I think I think that's the Latin. Who benefits? Follow the benefit and you'll find the influence. Because if we're not giving of ourselves up here and whether we're getting to ourselves, Kabad's written over the door. The glory of the Lord has departed and it's been replaced with my ministry. God forbid it ever happened. He says, "Judas went about as one of the 12 and he did miracles, too. But he did not have the spirit of God as his own, but he did have a ministry." Catch that. He did have a ministry. He never got to Pentecost as he was not true seed. He was not a true child of God. No, sir. And that is the way right now in the synagogue of Satan. Ouch. We're going to preach on this in the next service or two. The synagogue of Satan. Today we call it the church of Satan. The church of Satan. Can you imagine if you talk to a person, they say, "I go to the church of Satan." Now, there's some that do it. There are literal oult worshippers, Satan worshippers. This ain't who he's talking about. He's talking about pretended brothers, false anointed ones that have a ministry but won't go on to the full experience. He says it's the church of Satan. All of them churches of Satan. He says, "Don't be fooled. You won't be fooled if you are of the very elect." Jesus said, "You wouldn't be fooled." He says, "Yes, those folks say they are Christians, but they aren't." As we finish up, he says, "But we are bound to give thanks always to God. For you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God has from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth." You say, "I've got the Holy Spirit." Is it leading you into truth? Or is it leading you to dancing and shouting and speaking in tongues and outward manifestations but not giving you the life of the word? Amen. That's what we're preaching on this morning. This is why we don't force people in or out. Brother Vichel, I hope I can speak of you this morning. This is why when brother Vichel came to our church, we didn't sit down and say, "This is how you got to do it, brother." What do we do? We preach the word. And if there's a seed of God in there, it'll accept the word of God. And if there isn't, it will go away. And we have to be okay with that because Paul says from the beginning, he chose you. And he prepared you to be sanctified for his spirit by his spirit so that you can believe the truth. If there's nothing in you to receive it, it doesn't matter how much I preach, how much I force, how legalistic I get, how much pressure I put on you. It ain't going to work. We didn't want a brother vichel that believes the way we do. We want a brother vichel that believes because there's something in him. &gt;&gt; Not because we've convinced him because we put him in an echo chamber. But because he's received the same spirit that we've received and that leads him into truth rather than our pressure. Amen. The elect will hear the truth and the religious and godless won't. Why? Because we're not in religion, church. We're in Christ. And it takes the spirit of God to get you into that. Amen. We are joined to Christ, not a church. And that's why we don't have church membership. We don't have a roll call here. We don't have a book that lists all the members. No sir. If you got the spirit of God, you're a part of the church. And we don't get to decide if you're in or out. I say, "Praise the Lord." He says, "Where unto he called you by our gospel." Now, that's a mystery right there because it's the calling of God, but it's Paul's gospel. He says, "How does that work?" It only works if the gospel of Paul comes from God. Cuz it's not Paul's gospel then. It's the voice of the Holy Spirit. He says, "To the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ." Church, I raised my hands in my in my room when I read that. Because Paul said, "I have not shunned to declare to you the whole word of God." He says, "I've told you everything he told me and it's not of me. It's not from me. I can't change it cuz you don't like it. I can't change it because it makes us uncomfortable. I can't change it because it puts people out because its purpose is to put people in. That's the goal of the word is to get people in. And that means it's going to exclude some people cuz they won't take it. It's a hard truth. We can't put them in. We can't put them out. All we can do is preach the word in its full truth and leave it up to God. Amen. He says, "Therefore, brethren, standfast and hold the traditions which you have been taught, whether by word or our epistle." What's this key to not being sucked into this system of the the the the man of sin and the son of predition? Paul says, "Stand fast. Don't move. There's already been an established foundation. Don't move from it. Don't get pulled into echo chambers. Don't get pulled in into this brother's ministry and that brother's ministry. stay with what you've learned. He says in all the traditions that have been taught, he says, if I didn't teach it, don't let some man add to you, cuz that's a grievous wolf. It's a heavy burden you're not meant to bear, and it'll destroy you, and it'll benefit them in your destruction. Stick with what's proven is what he's saying. Remember Hebrews 7 uh uh Hebrews 10:7 and 10:8 he says remember those that have the rule of you and their what their life their conversation and he says what is their life their conversation what is the end of their life he says it's Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever that's what we follow we follow a ministry we follow a a proofy ministry that produces Jesus Christ all over in not some doctrine of ideas about hair and dresses and headship and these different things, but we follow a living word that produces Jesus Christ all over again. It's not about legalism. It's not about dos and don'ts. It's about the spirit of Christ producing the wool of a Christian sheep. That's all that's all we're preaching here this morning. Paul's saying, "Stay with what I've given you cuz it's the only truth there is." And there's people coming are going to try and change it into something else. And when they change it, it'll lose its power and it'll take you into destruction. You know, we have these things called the generally accepted accounting principles. GAP. Amen. Brother Bob. Brother Bob. We have GAP. What am I preaching to you this morning? don't follow the generally accepted principles of Christianity because the world has taken the Christian world has taken this word and they've turned it into a message of destruction. Look at take the simple thing of God is love and look where they've taken that to where you've got men dressed in dresses with hair that's all the colors of their sick rainbow standing in the pulpit. That's where they've taken the love of God. church. I'm not saying don't love your neighbor, but they don't know what the love of God even looks like anymore. If you think that the majority have it right, open your eyes cuz wide is the path broad is the way that leads to destruction. As I mentioned, by the end of the seventh church age, Leodysa, Christ is outside the church. And church, I don't believe for a second that most of them intended it to happen that way. But they thought they could do it different. They thought they could do it better. They thought they could get more people in. And what did they do? They changed it into a disgrace. We look around today in Christianity. What we have is from that same spirit. And it started with Eve and the serpent. It's come all the way through. And it's produced a Christianity that doesn't reflect the life of Christ, but it reflects the leadership of a man of sin, of men of sin, if I could put it that way. What they have become, we'll get into this next service. They have become the synagogue of Satan. The synagogue of Satan. You say it can't happen to us. It can happen to us. It can happen to us. What happens? We lay down a line. We lay down a doctrine. We put up a wall. We say you can't be it if you do this or if you don't do that. Echo chambers. Doctrines preaching for doctrine. The teachings of men. And because everyone in the church agrees, it becomes the new rule. Come to Christ. Come to Christ. What do we have? Synagogues of Satan. We have the gospel of the Pentecostals. We have the gospel of the Baptists. We have the bos the gospel the bastardized gospel of the United Church and you got 30,000 others and they're all blasphemous names every single one of them. What is it? Remember the scripture talks about se in that day seven women will come to a man and say listen we just need your name. We just need you. We just need a portion of you. We'll take care of ourselves. We'll do everything else but just don't leave us out there in the cold. And that's the way the churches are today is they want Christ in name only. But they don't want his word. They don't want his banner. They don't want his love. They don't want his lordship. All they want is the word Christian. And they leave everything else behind. It's blasphemous names. It's harlots because Christ doesn't come in but says their fornication is with everybody else. Synagogues of Satan. This is heavy this morning. I know this. But I'm I'm trying to show you the simplicity of a little leaven and how far it goes if you give it enough time. You sisters that make bread, let's stand together. You sisters that bake bread, you look at what happens when you put that leaven in. You put it and you give it some warmth. It grows and it grows and it grows. Can you imagine if you left that there for 2,000 years? How big a loaf of bread would you have? It'd take over your house, wouldn't it? but it wouldn't resemble what you started with. And it's the same thing that's happened. You say, "Brother John, why are you preaching this way this morning?" I'm not preaching at you. But I'm saying it's real easy to get into an echo chamber, where our fellowship is only with those that agree with us, where we can't have our ideas challenged. You know the sign of true friendship? They'll tell you the truth. 100% they'll tell you the truth. A friend that'll tell you the truth is a real friend. And you know you've got a real friend when they'll disagree with you and you can walk away and come back together again and you're still okay with it. I have had bitter disagreements, strong disagreements with ministers in this message. And guess what? They'll still let me preach in their church. They'll still shake my hand. Why? Because they're real friends. real friends. That's what we need. People that'll tell us and slow down there. Let's take a look at this. Have you considered? Because otherwise, what do we come up with? An echo chamber. An echo chamber gospel. Amen. It's too easy to live a lifestyle in this. You know, we've got a lot of Christian lifestyle today. They live good lives, but Christ is not in it. It's Christlike, but it's not Christ. It's Bible based, but it's not Bible. It's surrendered, but not fully surrendered. It's whatever works, whatever makes life easier, inviting God in. Amen. I'm not here to force you into anything. But I'm here to preach the word every single service. Whether it hurts, whether it soothes and calms, or whether it raises our hackles. Amen. It's hard. I preached some hard sermons up here. But why? Cuz I want you to make it. And I want to break every single chain that binds us to our own thinking, our own traditions, to ministry, long-held ideas. I don't want anyone here missing on that wonderful morning. I want to look around. I want to say, "We made it. Every single one." I don't want a little levan to leaven the lump. Amen. God bless you this morning. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we've got a warning this morning, Lord. And I pray that you would take your word by your spirit this morning and run a filter through our lives, heavenly father. Lord, that you'd help us to see, Lord, where truth is, Lord, and where we're just sitting there yelling loudly so we can hear ourselves in an echo chamber. Lord, where we've surrounded ourselves with like-minded people, Lord, rather than the mind of Christ, Lord, where we're looking for affirmation rather than direction. Lord, I pray you help us not to get caught up in ministry or influence, ideas, popularity, following the crowd. Lord, I pray you give us a backbone this morning, Lord, to stand up on our own convictions by your word, Lord, and to let your spirit do the talking in our lives, Lord, that it would produce good fruit, Lord, that it would produce a life that's worthy of the gospel this morning. Lord, I pray you strengthen us for battle, Lord. I pray you keep our awareness up, Lord, that we'd have our guard up at all times, Lord, looking for the subtlety of the enemy that will come in and try and shape us and change us and get us offline. Lord, I pray you give us discernment, Lord, in faith to take you at your word this morning. Lord, be with your people. In Jesus Christ's name, we're praying it. Amen. This is always the hardest part after a hard service like that. So, you know what? We're going to sing the Hallelujah side. 4:25. Amen. Because in the end, can I preach for a moment? In the end, it's going to be worth it. But we're going to need molds broken, thoughts broken, ministries broken, churches broken, wills broken, ideas broken. But in the end, we're on the road to life. We're on the road to heaven. Amen. We're going to be on the hallelujah side. And I'll tell you right now, we don't always shout hallelujah when things are broken. Remember, everything that can be shaken will be shaken. And sometimes it's hard to have our lives shaken. But what is it? It's part of the refining process. And I'll tell you on that morning, Brother Bob, we're going to be screaming, "Hallelujah. It's going to be a wonderful time. It'll be worth it all." But boy, we've got some humbling to do day by day. We've got some surrendering to do day by day. Brother Jeremy Shriner shared something with some ministers. He says, "We've got to get back to praying." Brother Bram said, "We got to get back to praying to find out what God's program is and get with it." And he says, "Prayer is the greatest weapon given to man." Why? Because it puts us in alignment with God. Amen. So, let's sing this morning. Let's worship for a while. Let's say, "Praise the Lord if nothing else brother John's done this morning." And we can have some joy. Amen. Let's sing it. Oh, once a sinner far from Jesus. I was perishing with cold. But the blessed Savior heard me when I cried. Oh, then he threw his arm around me and he led me to his throne. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me ring my Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Though the world may sweep around me with her dazzle and her dreams, yet I envy not her vanities and pride. For my soul looks up to heaven where the golden sunlight meets. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roar. Help me ring my savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. And not for all those golden millions would I leave this precious place. Though the tempter to persuade me off has tried. Oh, for I'm safe in God's pavilion, happy in his love and grace. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah ro. Help me sing the Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Here the sun is always shining. Here the sky is always bright. There is no place for gloomy Christians to abide. Oh, for my soul is filled with music and my heart with great delight. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah ro. Help me ring my Savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. And upon the streets of glory when we reach the other shore and have safely crossed the Jordan's rolling tide. Oh, you will find me shouting glory just outside my mansion door where I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah ro. Help me ring the savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul where I'm living on the hallelujah side and upon the streets of glory. When we reach the other shore and have safely cross the Jordan's rolling tide. You will find me shouting glory just outside my mansion door. where I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah. Help me bring my Savior's praises far and wide. Oh, for I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul on the hallelujah side. Sing it one more time. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah ro. Help me ring my savior's praises far and wide. For I've opened up toward heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Higher ground. 355. [Music] Well, I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights. I'm gaining every day. Still praying as I'm onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven stable land. A higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. For my heart has no desire to stay. Where doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven stable land, a higher place than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground and I want to lift above the world. Though Satan starts at we are heard for faith has caught the joyful sound. The song of saints on higher ground. Lord lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land. a higher plane than I have found. Or plant my feet on higher ground. And I walk to scale the upside and catch a glee of glory. But still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord, lead me onto higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's stable land, a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. And my heart has no desire to stay where doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven stable land. A higher place than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. We're going to sing that song. Psalm 34 1274. Just as we close, I'm going to ask brother Garfield to close in prayer if he would and remember the needs that were mentioned. Remember brother Bob, Sister Joe as they travel home. God will grant them journey mercies and the ability to get through all of the photos that he took. Amen. God bless you. It's good to have you with us. Amen. Remember the saints, the services coming up. Amen. The camp coming up that the Lord would speak and move. lots of opportunity, lots of people that don't always get to church and special meetings and these things. And we want the spirit of the Lord to have absolute freedom. Amen. That he would just move and save and fill and deliver, do all that God can do, all that we have need of. Amen. That would be a wonderful thing. Amen. Let's sing this and Brother Garfield will come. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. And this poor man cried. Hallelujah. And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he. Hallelujah. who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise may our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense Christ magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Oh, taste and see. that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, God. We worship you, Lord. Lord, you're an awesome God. Hallelujah. Lord God, with thanksgiving this evening, Lord, we acknowledge you, Lord. Lord, we're thankful for your saving grace for for the highway in which we're living in, Lord, and and for the call of salvation, Lord God, and for the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Oh God, we're grateful, Lord God, that Lord God, you can look down on such a humble group of people this evening. And Lord with heart desperately calling for more of you Lord and desiring of your presence Lord and Hallelujah Jesus. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Lord we love you Lord. And surely Lord God, we know God that it was out of your love, Lord. We Lord God, we're called and we're just a privileged people, Lord God. Oh God, because Lord, you you saw us, you forneew us, Lord, before the foundation of the world. And you have ordained us, Lord God, for the hour. Hallelujah. And Lord, you have given us grace to Lord God, in such a time as this, Lord. Lord, when we're seeing Lord God, Lord, the influences of Lord God that is surrounding us, Lord, the many things, oh God, that this enemy is putting forth, Lord, the spirits, Lord God, of deceptions, oh God, let it move and preempting itself, Lord God, taking charge, hallelujah, Lord God, riping itself, Lord God, among the church, Lord God, taking all, oh God, of life, Lord God. Lord, we have felt the effect Lord God of those whispering spirits, wandering spirit, one moving out, Lord God, hallelujah, to and fro, Lord God, bringing forth lives in subjectivity, Lord. Lord God, we we cannot fight them by ourself, Lord. We are no challenge for this enemy by ourself, Lord. But but Lord God, but Lord, we present ourself before you Lord. We surrender. Hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Lord we surrender our lives to you now Lord. Lord we give ourself away Lord God with all that we are with all that we have Lord God. Uh Lord God we ask one more time Lord God that will be our shield our defense Lord God. Uh guide us Lord God. Father from the rising of the sun until the going down the same. Hallelujah. Lord may you be the shield or butler. Oh God, may you be, Lord God, the promiseke keeper. Lord God, may your people, Lord God, never walk away being ashamed. Uh oh God, but may them that trust in you, Lord, be as mon, oh God. May your people experience you, oh God, in abundance, Lord God, in ways that they have never experienced before. Uh, oh God, where there his sickness, Lord, may the abundance of God be poured out. Uh, may the healing virtue, oh God, be poured out. Uh Lord God, and may the substance of faith produces uh Lord God, hallelujah, the holy anointed presence uh and Lord God, may there be joy unspeakable in your house, uh may the testimony ring forth uh for the God in whom we are trusting in uh Lord God, that you're not dead, but you're alive. Uh you're living through your people, Lord God. And we know this this evening uh because Lord God, you have called us to this, Lord. Uh and we believe Lord God that you're able to keep us uh oh God that which is committed unto you Lord and Lord we ask for your blessing uh bless your people Lord bless our feeble effort Lord we cannot do this by ourself uh but Lord God but we are trusting your grace this evening Lord God that we'll bring forth uh and manifest Lord hallelujah as we humble our hearts uh Lord God seeking for more of you Lord. Hallelujah Lord we need more of you Lord. uh more oh God Lord there's a call in our hearts uh Lord God a desperation uh oh God that can only be satisfied oh God when you answer with more of yourself uh and so God be to our hearts to you now Lord uh that you will bless your people bless your bride have thine own way Lord uh hallelujah Lord God and we believe your word we believe your promise we know that it is truth Lord oh God every word uh oh God that proceeded out of your mouth. Uh Lord, it is truth. And we hold steadfast to that word. Uh believe Lord God that you're able to bring that word to pass. Uh bless your people Lord. We pray Lord God. We thank you for hearing. We thank you for answering. We thank you for healing the sick among us. Uh we thank you Lord God that we need your people to call. Uh Lord God, you came in response uh oh God and you bless your people Lord God. Lord, the names that were mentioned, the sicknesses and oh God, and all, oh God, your children are looking for from your hands. Uh Lord God, may you comfort with blessing. Oh God, and confirmation of faith this evening, oh God, that the word, the promise in which we are standing on uh oh God, there solid ground is a hallelujah. Oh God, there solid ground this evening. Uh oh God, unfailing promises of the living God. God bless us now we pray as we look to you Lord and we say thank you Lord in Jesus Christ's precious name. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music]
