################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-21 - 20250820 - The Token Life Pt 78 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-21
Title:    20250820 - The Token Life Pt 78 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkJ6tWLmZoo
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UDAe9tRIdAyVhDS0E44y7A5Iab_-r92H/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Do you feel [Music] you? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Oh yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] for me. Jehovah Gyra, [Laughter] my proider. [Music] You are more than enough [Music] for me. Jehovah, [Music] you're my healer. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah Sha, you are with me. You supplied all my needs. [Music] You are more than enough, man. More than enough. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah Gyra [Music] my proider. [Music] You are more than enough for me. Jehovah Raa, you're my healer. By your stripes have been set free. Jehovah Sha, you are with me. You supply all my needs. You are more than enough, man. More than enough. You are more than enough [Music] for me. Amen. Welcome everyone here this evening. We've got some uh folks missing. Want to keep them in prayer. those that are traveling um for the policy. I'm I'm not sure where they are, but um grace to them if they're not able to make it tonight, but Chad and the family are um I believe gone to a reunion and uh so grace to them. We want to uh just continue to pray for the fires that are uh that are burning. I haven't really seen a recent update, but I know the Kingston fires is still uh out of control. So, God's grace to those people up there and again thankful that that God under control here for uh Sher Lyn Pery want to continue to keep her in prayer as well as Marilyn Taylor her request for prayer for the shingles and her grandson Adam the saints are on the island just pray grace to them and brother Dale sister Lorie Snow brother David the needs that he had mentioned brother David still in still in toate okay so grace to brother David not here. Sister Cordella and Bud Nelson Guy Jr. God's grace to him. Let's um let's sing a 7:55. Change my heart, oh God. And um just ask uh brother Matt if you can open our word prayer and change my heart. Oh God make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. for me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter. [Music] I am the clay for me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] [Music] My dear heavenly father, Lord, we come humbly before you at the start of another service once again asking you Lord that that you would just come by this way Lord and may your presence just fill this place. Pray Lord that as we worship you Lord that you just help us to set aside the cares of this world things that would distract us Lord and take our attention from you Lord and may we just be able to relax in your presence Father asking Lord that you just please forgive us Father of anything that we have done to grieve you this day Lord may you be quick to repent Father pray Lord that you grace to the musicians the song leader Lord and that the congregation as we sing glory and praises to you Lord May he just be a welcoming spirit, Father, that just comes flowing through. Grace to brother John as he ministers. Lord, you know what we have need of, Father. May you just speak to our hearts, Lord. There's many prayer requests, Father, that were mentioned, Lord. We're asking that you just reach down and touch each one, Father, with a a special touch, Lord. anything from a a touch of saving grace, Father, to a physical touch, financial, whatever the case may be, Father. May your perfect will be done in each one of their lives, Father. Grace to those that couldn't make it, Father. May you just bless them richly, Lord, in some some way, Father. I know their hearts desires to be here, Lord. And pray that your grace just be upon them. Be with us now, Father, as we just settle in for the service, Father. May we not look at time, Father, but may our focus be beyond eternity. Jesus Christ name I pray. Amen. [Music] Listen to 543. Oh, I want to see him. [Music] [Music] As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to that crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. Oh, but my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever [Music] of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last, ever to rejoice [Applause] when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, [Applause] but I cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan stares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside man. But my Lord, he goes ahead, leads whatever be. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When in valley low I look toward the mountain high mountain and behold my savior there bleeding in the valley with a tender hand out stretch for the valley below. He's guiding me and I can see as I onward go. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace [Applause] on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. His cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice. And before me pillows rise from the mighty king. I thank you Lord. Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on this world below. And he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. His cares all past ever to rejoice. And in valleys though I look toward the mountain high and behold my savior there he's leading in the fight with a tender hand outstretched for the valley low. He's guiding me and I can't see as I onward go and oh I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Glory. Let them lift my voice. His cares all pass. Oh my last ever to rejoice. [Applause] When before me pillows rise from the mighty deed. [Applause] Then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on to this world below. Oh, he's the real friend to me. Oh, I love him so much. And oh I want to see him to look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. His cares all past ever to rejoice. Amen. [Music] Let's sing uh number 216. I am marked. And behind that we'll sing I'm one of the few. [Music] I am marked. Marked. Marked. I am marked down wherever I go. I am marked. Marked. Marked. Just what I am. Everyone seems to know I am seal. Seal. Seal. I am sealed by his spirit divine. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know that he is mine. For I am marked marked. I'm marked. I am marked now. Wherever I go, man, I am marked marked just what I am. Everyone seems to know. I am sealed. se I am sealed by his spirit divine. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I am his and I know he is mine. I am one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong for the bride there's a way. If I plan to go through just a hope will not you must be fully decided to follow the Lord. I oy his word and believe that I'm one of the few heavens. Yes, I'm one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way proided. If I plan to go through just suppose it will not do I must be fully decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the Let's sing uh number 40. Let's stand. I just want to please the Lord [Music] and I just want to please the Lord. need his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done, someday." Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. To hear him say, "Well done someday." Sing it again. Oh, I just want to please God bless you. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence, found in his likeness. They hear him say, "Well done." someday. Sing it one more time. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence. Found in his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done someday." Amen. Lord, that's our sincere prayer, Lord, this evening. Lord, we want people to see Christ alive and well, Lord. We want people to see you when they look at us. Lord, that our lives could be so lost, so hidden in you. Lord, our words, our actions, our quietness, our response, our reactions, Lord, that all of it would speak to a power that's greater than what we were born with. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want your word to have your way in our lives, Lord. We want it to change us. We want it to wash us, Lord. We want to fill us, Lord. We want it to be engraved in our souls, Lord, in our hearts, Lord, that when we make a move, when we say a word, Lord, it springs, Lord, from that fountain of life inside of us, each one. Lord, we're thankful. We're called here tonight. We're thankful, Lord. We're in your presence under the hearing of your word, heavenly father. And we're asking you once again to take it and shape us and mold us, Lord. Make us more in your image, Lord, this evening we pray. Lord, it's our heart's desire that we reflect you inside and out. Lord, bless your people, Lord. Hear the prayer requests that have been mentioned. Lord, we pray your mercy and grace to each one. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. And may God bless you. Turn if you would to Hebrews chapter 13. very familiar opening set of scriptures here this evening. May God bless you. Good to see each one here today. Um I'm disappointed to be here today because we weren't supposed to be here. We were supposed to be having special meetings. Somebody else was supposed to preach this week. I was supposed to get a break, but uh you know, I was talking to brother Aaron on on Monday and and he said, "Hey, you know, we're going to have to shut this down. They they're just not able to get me through." So I said, "That's fine." And I said, "Listen, we've done everything we can. We did everything we could. We prayed. We we planned. We we prepared. We did everything." I said, "So for a child of God, when things don't work out, we just say, 'Lord, thy will be done, and that's it. But you have to listen to me tonight instead of brother Aaron on this weekend." But he was disappointed. I I'd um been saving. He really likes the um the kettle chips, the sweet and or the spicy ketchup ones. And I bought four bags ready for him downstairs in the suite. So that when he came in, him and Sister Lydia, the first thing they saw were his favorite chips. And so I sent him a picture and I said, "The expiry date is September 9th. You're not going to make it." I said, "I'm going to have to eat them." And he said, "I was already in the depths of despair and then you told me that." I said, "We may keep one just to see if they still hold past that due date, but I'm going to have to eat the rest. It's not worth the risk to leave them." But he is very, very keen still to come up and minister for us. It's a I think it's it's a wonderful time in the Lord and they appreciate it and we enjoy it. So just keep them in prayer. Amen. We still by God's grace will have brother Barry the first week of September. I don't know if he'll minister. I've asked him to take as many services as he would. Um he'll let me know on that. I'll be away the last week of September and the first week of October. So we'll have hopefully brother Carmen Mills for one and then one minister probably from out west in Canada. Younger minister and evangelist probably like we had brother Max last year. It won't be brother Max as far as I know, but uh we'll have that. So, we'll still have some ministers coming through and then we've rebooked the services for October 17th through 19th with brother Aaron. So, uh we still got plenty of meetings coming up. Let's just hold fast, keep pressing and in the meantime, we should have some variety coming in the next month or so as well. Amen. God bless you. I certainly appreciate all the work brother Paul and Sister Kimberly put into preparing for a camp we didn't have, but we'll be ready to go next year. That's for sure. We're ready to roll. So, uh, we've kind of ironed out some wrinkles in that. So, I think it'll be even better next year by God's grace. Amen. Hebrews 13 and 7 says this, "Remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God, whose faith follow considering the end of their conversation, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and today, and forever." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. This evening, we're continuing this thought. We're of course speaking on the Holy Ghost, but I want to take a third service on this thought of the mystery finished. And I I have to say this is the most enjoyable portion of this series. I think it's such a beautiful thing when we can see things from God's eternal perspective. How we were in his thoughts, how we were in his mind, how we were in his purpose, how we're in his plan. And it just ought to give us a settled feeling. Amen. When you know that God before you ever stepped foot on this earth had a plan and a purpose for you, and it included him. Amen. You and him. It's a wonderful thing for us to to do and it ought to just settle us down. I don't mean to stop pressing, stop making right decisions, stop living, right? That's not what it means to be settled, but to be at rest with what happens in your life, no matter what happens. Amen. We've got to keep making the right decisions. We've got to keep reading our Bibles. We've got to keep praying. We've got to keep pressing the battle. Amen. But as we press, we trust that he's already cleared a way for us to make it through to the other side into full adoption and full redemption. Amen. So, we're continuing this thought on this mystery that's been hidden through all the ages and generations as Paul said, and we've been preaching on this the last two services, but we're getting more into the depths of this, the details now, and we're we're preaching on the purpose of the Holy Ghost in our life. And we're kind of coming to the sharp tip of the spear now where things, the rubber really meets the road in this age. And we preached so much on previous ages and previous examples because they were types and they were shadows and they were pointing to this time and this season. Amen. They were pointing to the first church age and then that church age was pointing to the last church age which is this time now. Amen. And so I want to preach to us now. I don't want to preach to people that were in the past or people that aren't with us. But I want to preach to us in the season that we're at. Amen. And the experiences that we're supposed to see in our lives as we come down to the final culmination of this age. And Jesus would say this. I want to take his words as we set ourselves a foundation again tonight. He said in John 14, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do." Not not not uh higher works or better works or more amazing or more supernatural, but they do more. Why? He says, "Because I go unto my father. My ministry in this form is cut short right now, but there's going to be a continuation. My works are going to continue even though I'm going to the Father. He says, "And whatsoever you shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son." How is the Son glorified if you're the one doing the asking? How is the Son glorified if he has nothing to do with it? Well, the answer is he has everything to do with it. We've just got to keep reading. He says, "If you shall ask anything in my name, I will do it." This isn't the focus of the service, but that's about the most beautiful thing I think you can read in the scripture is when you ask God within the context of what this whole scripture is talking about, he'll do it. That when you when you come to the depths of the reality of the revelation of this scripture, when you ask something in Jesus name, it's going to happen. Amen. Now, watch this. He says, "If you love me, keep my commandments." That's not what we see much of today. That's not much of what we see today. If you love me, keep my commandments. They're doing away with the commandments so they can say they love him is what what's really happening. He says, "And I will pray the father and he will give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever, even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not neither knoweth him." In other words, they don't recognize him now and they're not going to know him next. If you don't recognize him now, you're not going to recognize him in the future because he'll be identified by the same attributes. He'll be identified by the same works, the same actions, the same attitude. It'll be one and the same. So, if you can't accept Jesus Christ in the flesh 2,000 years ago, you're not going to accept him today. You weren't going to accept him on the day of Pentecost. You weren't going to accept him in the ministry of the disciples and those different things. He says, "But you're different." He says, "But ye know him, for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you." Amen. Emanuel has to go from God with us to God in us. That's what has to happen here. He says, "I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you." Amen. Personal pronoun, not a third person of the Godhead. I Amen. Christ returning back. He says, "Now a little while and the world seeth me no more, but you see me. Because I live, you shall live also." Notice it is his resurrection that's going to bring life to the believer. He says, "Because I live," you know, he died, but he rose again. He never really lost life. It was a temporary thing. But there was a spirit that raised him up from the dead that could not die. And that spirit came back on us. But if it couldn't raise him out of the grave, it can't raise us out of our sin and our our flesh tonight. Amen. It's because it works on him that it works on us. He's the proof that it would work on us. Amen. He had to be alive to come back and dwell inside of us. And because he lives, we live today. Amen. Otherwise, we'd be stuck. We'd be dead in our sinful flesh. And he says, "Now at that day you shall know that I am in my father and you in me and I in you." This is the unity restored. Now this is the marriage covenant. This is full redemption as we're seeing it in the scriptures. It's the end goal of of of why the Holy Ghost is given to us is to restore us back to our original condition, our original relationship, our original authority. But in this life, there's something that has to be restored first, and that is headship. With headship will come relationship. And with relationship will come authority. But if you don't have that headship and that relationship first, you take authority and you'll turn into something satanic. You'll destroy your own self and everybody else. You got to come to him in a relationship to accept his headship before you can come into the position of authority of the believer. We'll come into that later in another service, Lord willing. He says, "He that has my commandments." Let me say it this way. He that has my word. His word is his commandments. Amen. He that has my word. He that has my commandments and keepeth them. Amen. We've got to be doers, not just hearers. He it is that loveth me. So the one that has it and the one that does it, that's the one that loves him. He says, "And he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him and will manifest myself to him." Amen. And I want to look at that last verse cuz this is what ties the knot. It ties everything that we've read in John 14 here together into one cohesive things. We can read all the verses before 21 and we can play we can make it into a picture where we say what we want and God gives it to us. We turn them into a doing grandfather rather than a loving husband. We take headship completely out of it and we turn it into I'm going to get what I want for Christmas and for my birthday and every single day of my life. Amen. We just say what we want. God runs around doing it. But Jesus sets some checks here. And he says, "Listen, if you have my commandments, if you have my word, that's the first check box. Do you have his word? If you don't have his word, none of this applies. You've got to be found in his word." Amen. We've read the scripture so many times that the scripture says that sons of God are led by the spirit of God. But here we see that the spirit of God will lead you to his commandments. It will lead you to his word. Amen. We see a lot of claims about people being led by the Holy Spirit. But what we don't always see is the word foundation that supports the Holy Ghost leadership in their life. All we've got is I feel led to do it and then they do it. Amen. But the reason is that those pe the reason that that happens is because those people are led astray by their own desires. Amen. And not willingly surrendering themselves to the commandments of God, which is his word. Amen. The Holy Spirit, our prophet said, will always confirm his word. He'll always lead you to his word. The question is, will we wait long enough for him to lead us? Will we wait long long enough for him to show us? Will we'll be patient enough for him to lay it out clearly enough in the word? Amen. If it's not confirmed in the word, we better move so carefully, church. So carefully. Because we can be so sincere in our desire to be right. But sincerity doesn't make us right. Sincerity doesn't do away with personal preferences. Sincerity doesn't do away with emotions. Sincerity doesn't move do away with with fleshly experiences. Amen. Sincerity doesn't change what this body wants. It just means that you've got an intellectual expression of wanting to be right. But that doesn't make it right. A desire to be right does not mean that whatever you desire is right. David desired to build a house for God. Sincere good out of the will of God. A desire to be right does not make it automatically right. Whatever we choose. Amen. The hardest thing to hear as a sincere person or to tell a sincere person is you're wrong. Because there's no intent to be wrong. And we think because we don't intend to be wrong, we won't be wrong. No, you've got to wait on God. You got to let him show you by his word because that's what his spirit does is lead you back to his word. And that's when you know that your sincerity has been met with his will. I love what the prophet said. Remember he said the Holy Ghost will tell the truth on you. And if your sincere desire is to be right and he shows you the word, then you'll line up with that word. But if your sincere desire is to be proved right, that's not going to work out so well. If you really want to be right, you'll let him lead you to truth. That's what the spirit of truth does. It leads you to that. Amen. And we've all experienced it. I've been in churches where a preacher's preaching and what do they do? It's like he smacks you upside the face because you thought you were moving in the right direction and then the word comes forth by the spirit and all of a sudden it stops you in your tracks and you say, "Whoa, I hadn't thought about it that way. I hadn't considered that." And then it's in your lap and now you've got to make a decision, don't you? Do I play on my sincerity or do I yield to the word? Do I yield to the word or do I go back to the fact that my intentions were good? Therefore, I can just go ahead and do what's right. Amen. Once that word's in our laps, we have to decide. And there's a reason why preachers to this in the nominal Christian world today aren't preaching the straightness of the word. It's because they don't want people to make a decision. They don't want people to have to bend or yield or humble themselves to the word. Amen. Here's the thing. Telling people straight doesn't bring members in. It doesn't bring money in. doesn't build big ministries. And yet 95% of what you read, especially in the Old Testament, is correction. Cuz that's what God sends to his people. His love is corrective. He's trying to get us to live a life that's pleasing to him. And so most of what comes out of a pulpit is supposed to be corrective. Meaning, it's teaching you what's right. Not disciplining you. It's teaching you what's right. It's corrective. It's showing you what God wants. Amen. But it's amazing what the the preaching of the word has become in the nominal word. But I'm not here to preach about them. I'm here to preach to you. Amen. But we've got to see what's going on around us because that's a fulfillment of scripture. To see how watered down this word has become to where they call what it says wrong and what they say right. That's where it's come. But my question is, are we doing the same thing in our lives? Amen. Are we hearing and doing or are we just hearing? It's really easy to say amen. It's very different to become the amen because amen means doesn't mean I agree. Amen means so be it in me. I don't say amen for brother Bob. I've got to say amen for me. So as the word comes forth when I say amen, that's me saying Lord I surrender to your word. Lord I'm laying down my life, my feelings, my sincerity, my desires to your word. That's what amen means. Amen means I'll take it and nothing else. That's what God's looking for. Amen. Otherwise, what happens? We'll do most of what God wants us to do. Isn't that what Abraham did? Abraham did most of what God wanted us wanted him to do. But you know what? He never got what God promised until he did everything God wanted him to do. But the thing is, we do most of what God wants us to do and then we want God to do everything that he said he was going to do. I speak by experience, church. 90% obedience is not obedience. It's still disobedience. But we look at the 90% and we say, "Look, Lord, I look at what I'm doing." He says, "But you still haven't obeyed. You've just sort of obeyed." Amen. Once he shows us the truth, that's when we're held accountable for it. I'm not saying we have to live perfect lives. My wife and I have been discussing some of these things just based on some preaching we've been hearing lately in these different things is that we can look around and we can see that some of us are doing things that others of us aren't. And it's not because one's right and one's wrong. It's because some of us are under God's focus in different areas of our lives. There are things that you can maybe get away with that I'm not allowed to as a preacher. And there may be things I'm allowed to get away with because I'm a preacher that you're not. I can't think of any, but I'm sure there's something. But the simple fact is you've got weaknesses and you've got strengths and you've got a purpose in this life and I do too. So God works in our life. Amen. We're not born mature believers. We're born as babes in Christ. And God knowing all things to come in our life, he's preparing us to do what he needs us to do. And so there's things in our life that he will leave alone for a while because they're not critical for the stage that we're in. But as we grow and mature, these things start to fall away because other things have to fill us up. He's got to make room for what he has for us. And so things start to drop off. I used to I used to read a couple of books a week. Now I'm lucky if I get a book or two a year. Why? It's not wrong to read books. It's that I've got other things to do with my time now. I've got more time in his service and less time in my service. And so things have to drop off in these different things. So it's different for us. But once he shows us his truth, once he shows us his will, once he shows us his way, then he expects us to do it. Amen. When I look at my my son sitting here tonight, there are things that I expect of my oldest that I don't expect of my youngest. The youngest one can do it and it's not wrong. It's not right, but I'm not holding him accountable yet. But the oldest one, I'm holding accountable because he's mature. And that's the same thing that God does with us. Amen. But it's, as I said last service, if you got the spirit of God, there's one thing that's going to happen, and that's that you're going to change. You're going to grow. You're going to mature. and you're going to grow closer to Christ, the word, and you're going to go further and further away from the world and the things of the world. Absolutely. If that's not happening, church, we're backsliding or we've never been brought to life in the first place. Amen. Something's gone wrong somewhere. Listen to this. He says, Brother Brandham says, "Let me be a brother. Let me live the example of what Christ said a man should be. Let me be a brother to a brother, a brother to a sister. Let me be a minister to the ministers. Let me be an example of examples. Let me show to the world that this word is Christ. The only way he says I can do it is to come into him because I can't do it myself and you can't do it. But let the word and you become one. He says then it lives itself out. You're a walking epistle of Jesus Christ when he's got complete and total control of you to make every word. That's what we're talking about. He says, "Now if he comes this way, I want to do this." and you say, "No, no, I don't believe that." He says, "See, you're not in the word." See, you can't say what what Jesus said that Christ is in me and I'm in Christ and then deny the word either by word or deed. You see the test? If you won't accept the word, you can't have Christ. They're one and the same. You can't separate it. It's not those who say amen. It's those that become the amen. That's what he's looking for. Amen. Those that take it and eat it and become one with it as they're hearing and reading the word. He says, "See now watch full obedience to the whole word of God entitles us to the token." He says, "Then when we pray, we must have the token to present with our prayer." Amen. Why? Because sons of God are led by the spirit of God. If you got the token of the Holy Spirit, you can come before God and you'll ask and get what you want. Why? Because you're asking according to the spirit inside of you rather than yourself. Amen. Otherwise, you're asking of your own desires. And remember what James said. He says, "When we ask of our own desires, we ask a miss." Every time we'll ask a miss because this flesh will lead us astray. So, let me ask a question. Are we seeking God to fulfill his word and haven't received it? Are we seeking a promise from him, but we haven't got it? Are we seeking healing, but we haven't been healed? Are we seeking direction, but we haven't been directed? Amen. Notice what he talks about here. Full obedience to the word is what God requires. So what I do, this is me speaking now. When I'm looking for something and I'm not getting it, you know what I do? I take a step back. I take a step back and I say, "Lord, is there something you require of me that I'm not giving you?" Because sometimes what's holding him up is me. It's not the situation. His word is his word. The promise is his promise. But sometimes there's something in me that he's trying to do. And my lack of full obedience, my partial obedience, which is really disobedience, is what's holding him back. If I won't do what he says, why should he do what he says? See that? See, see what we do is we think, well, well, God understands, so I'm going to hold him to his word. But he's saying, what about my word that I've asked you to do? What about my plan? What about my purpose? What about the steps I've asked you to take? Amen. Remember Hannah, we spoke of her last service and she was claiming a promise of God. She was claiming a child because God said, "If you'll follow my commandments, I'll bless the wombs of the of the women of Israel." And she was a real believer. She was a sincere believing woman. She lived a sanctified life. Amen. She was doing what God told her. And Hannah was entitled to God's promise. Amen. There's nothing that said why Hannah couldn't have the promise. But what was Hannah's problem? Hannah's problem was that she could only see for herself. She wanted to take away the rebuke. She wanted to take away the reproach. She wanted to take away the the the the the persecution of the the wife, the other wife of her husband. And Hannah was all about me me. But when she finally stepped back and she said, "Maybe there's something that God wants out of me before I get something out of God." Now, God could do something. Because she stepped back and she said, "God, I'm going to give my blessing back to you." In other words, Lord, my blessing won't be for me. My blessing will be back to you. And when she did that, God came down and God gave her a son. Why? because her motive and her objective needed to be straightened out a little bit. You think, well, I'm suffering. I'm in hardship. I'm in pain. This is a an annoyance. It's a daily battle that I have. Sometimes he's just looking for an attitude change. Amen. I speak by experience. Amen. Because our motives and our objectives can play havoc with the will of God. Amen. God's got bigger plans than anything we could ever desire for ourself. But sometimes God's waiting on us to clean our act up. Sometimes God's waiting us to show that we're Christians even when he doesn't answer in our time and in our way. Sometimes God's looking for a right attitude no matter what happens. I shared a picture with the deacons this morning about how my day went. I'm driving down the road and my right right front suspension on my car just broke. How do you feel about that, brother John? your car. I just spent $1,300 repairing it and now I've got another two to three,000 to spend on it. How do you do it? How do you think about that? You know what I said? I told my wife, I said, "I've been reading the book of Job. I was prepared. The Lord gives and the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Lord, I'm thankful I've had it as long as I had and I put as many miles as I did and it didn't break. Amen. I thank them for the enjoyment I've had in the meantime. Sometimes God's test is this. Brother Bam said this. He says, "God just wants to see how you'll react." God wants to see how you'll react. I went through six months of eye trouble, as you know. God's wanting you to see, are you going to stay faithful? Are you going to complain? Are you going to get annoyed? Are you going to keep preaching? Are you going to keep doing what you say you're going to do? Are you going to keep believing like you say you believe? Sometimes God's just training us. And it's a witness and a testimony to everybody else around us. Hey, they're a child of God. They can go through a trial and not lose their Christianity, not lose their faith, not lose their love, not lose their appreciation for God. Amen. Sometimes God's waiting for us to do what he told us to do before he tells us what he before he does what he promised he would do. Sometimes it's that full obedience. Sometimes it's repentance. Sometimes it's laying things down. Sometimes it's picking things up. Sometimes he's asking us to get our shoulder to the wheel. And you know what? We like our free time too much. Sometimes he's waiting for us to apologize. What's he doing, church? He's trying to get us spiritually healthy. First of all, Paul said, "I would that you would prosper, be or John, I think, said, "You would prosper and be in good health even as your soul does prosper." God's looking at our soul's health above all else. And when that's healthy, that's when he says, "Let's take care of the rest." and he meets our needs in those things. He's interested in our soul condition, in our character condition more than he's interested in our bank account or our health or our appearance or any of these different things. I've seen in my own life where a bad attitude kept God from moving. And he needed me to sit down and shut up and let him be God and let me be the little child of his. Literally, he needed me to just back off and stop having my opinions about things. Sometimes I need to get a right motive and a right objective. Sometimes I need to admit that I might have some changing to do. I'm being transparent here tonight. Okay? If I preach myself above you, I'm not going to do very well. I'm right there in the trenches with you. Amen. Sometimes God has shown me a clear direction. And you know me, if you know me well, I don't like to change directions. I like to stay in a groove because I do really well in a groove. You ask me to change a corner, that's not in my nature to do it. And sometimes God's waiting for me to turn the corner. And until I turn the corner, what else is there to talk about? God can't lead us further if we haven't done the last thing he told us to do. We He can't do it. There's nothing to talk about. God's saying, "Listen, if you got my word, if you got my will, if you got my plan, if you got my direction, and you don't do it, we don't have anything else to talk about, son. Until you do what I've told you to do, there's no moving forward." And you know what I found, church? If I won't move forward, you know what he does? He walks away and he turns out the light. Why? Because he's waiting for me to do my part. He can't do his part if I'm not willing to step into it until I can make a move in the direction. Amen. I I'm I'm I'm inspired this evening by Paul's writings where he said, "Wives, obey your husbands." And all the husbands said, "Amen." But the thing is, he never said, "Go and tell him why you didn't do what he said to do. Don't give your reasonings. Don't give your explaining." He says, "Just do what he said to do." And that's what God's asking us to do. He's asking for full obedience that we will trust that he sees what we don't see. He knows beyond what we know. And if we do it, there's something better waiting for us than what we had in our mind in the first place. That's what he asks us to do. It's a wife that can take his instruction without throwing her thoughts back at him. That's what God's looking for. A wife that can obey him. Amen. And that takes one thing, church. Humility. Humility. Remember, humility is power with God. Because when you step into his plan, into his word, into his road, into his way, he's not backing you up. Now, he's backing up the word that he put you into. It's not about personalities. Now, catch this. He says, "People are not ready to confess. They want to pray, God, you heal me. Do this or do that." He says, "But when it comes to dying out and confessing your sins and getting right with God," he says, "it isn't seen anymore." See, we want to get, but we don't want to lay down. We want him to do, but we don't want to do. We want to have what we have and what he has. We can't do it. We can't serve God and man at the same time. We can't have two masters. We can't be our own master and him be the Lord. It doesn't work that way. He says, "That's the reason we don't see any more healings than what we have. That's the reason I'm preaching these things." He says, "Let's get things ready for a healing service." You've got to get the thing working first. God heals you for his glory, and we must be ready for his glory. In other words, your life, your decisions, your attitude, your walk with him ought to reflect what you're asking him to do. Do you catch what I'm saying? If you're asking him to prove his word, then he ought to be able to say, "I'll prove my word because you are my word. Your life reflects my word, so I'm willing to glorify you with more of my word." But if we're sitting there bumbling along doing our own thing, and then we want God to do a big glorifying in our life through a miracle or a healing or a special deliverance or something like that, he's saying, "Why would I? You've got nothing to reflect me. This is all about you and I'm not in it." He's saying, "Let your life be a glory to God and then God will glorify you some more. Do the basics and then God will elevate you." Remember, you've got to be a base before he can exalt you. And that comes with humbling yourself to his will and to his word. What's he saying here? He's saying, if you want more of God, start living what God has already shown you. Take what he's given you before you ask him for more. See, we want to progress, but we've got to take what he's given us before we can progress. It's like I said last service when I asked people if they hadn't heard the the first service on this series, go back and listen to it because if you don't get the basics, you can't do the algebra. If you don't know how to add and subtract and multiply and divide, you can't do algebra. And then when we get to calculus, you're going to be completely lost. If you can't learn and take what he's given you right now, what's the point of moving on? We've got to have a life that reflects what he's shown to us. Amen. If you want what he has for you, say, 'Lord, examine my life. That's what David would say. He would say, "Examine me. Search me, Lord. Lord, let me see if I'm letting you down. Lord, let me see if I'm not going all the way. Lord, let me see if I've got partial obedience, disobedience in my life. Lord, have I taken everything you've given me so far? Or am I just wanting more without taking what you've already given? Again, I say by experience, church, I know when I'm a little off with God. Amen. Can you say amen to that? If you've ever got it where things just aren't right, there's something just not the same. Amen. We ought to know it. We ought to know the difference between a closeness with God and a formality with God because that's what it is. It turns into coldness, formality. It turns into habit rather than relationship. It turns into a marriage without relationship. You're still a child of God. You're just not close anymore. Amen. I speak by experience. I know when things are a little off. Amen. when I'm trying to push a decision off, when something's uncomfortable, when I'm sometimes it's out of uh uncertainty, sometimes in sincerity, we're still a little off cuz we're not sure if that's God's will because it's going to be painful or it's going to cause some awkwardness or it's a hard decision to make. Amen. But I think most of us would know by now what it means to feel close to God. And chances are we've had moments where we didn't feel close to God. And I would tell us normally when it comes those ways, it's because we backed away. We won't do what he tells us to do. We won't lay down what he tells us to lay down. Amen. God's not going to come down and prove his word in us just because we say we're a message believer. We go to a church. Amen. We're sitting under the preaching of his word. God's going to back up his word. And that's why it has to be in us. And we have to be walking in it day by day. And as soon as we walk into his word, we're automatically under his support. Automatically, it's there. Amen. That's where our victory is is in obeying the word. You obey the word, victory comes no matter what. It can't be stopped. Amen. But I want to say it this way as we turn a corner on this service tonight. We know what it means to serve God and see results from it, don't we? Now, listen. I may not have it all and you may not have it all, but guess what? We do have examples in here. We do have examples in here. We've got our elders and our former pastor and his wife and these things. We've got people that have shown us what it looks like to to be filled with the spirit, to be changed from what they were to something else, and to have it stick. We've got that. God bless you, brother Mark, Sister Mor, Sister Brenda, Brother Bob, Brother Gerald, and Sister Betty. You've shown us by example what it means to live a life by the spirit and to have results that stick. Amen. We can see it not just through men. We can see it through women. and our sisters have a witness just as the brothers do because it's the same Christ living in all of us. We can look around and we can see a life that represents Christ today. And I'm so glad we have it that encourages us that we're going to make it too by God's grace. But this is our opening scripture now. Paul says, "Now remember them which have the rule over you, who have spoken unto you the word of God, whose faith follow considering the end of their conversation." The Common English Bible says, "Remember your leaders who spoke God's word to you. Imitate their faith as you consider the way that their lives turned out. How does their lives turn out?" Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. This is Paul's testimony now to the Hebrews that are in Jerusalem. And this is an encouragement to them to live a life of faith. But what kind of faith? He says, "If you want to know what kind of faith, look around your local body and look at those that show the same things that Christ showed and imitate them." That's why we've got to have a whole range in our church. We've got people that show us the way so we can imitate not them, but their faith because their faith is the only thing that's the same amongst all of them. Sister Moren and Brother Mark have had to make different decisions than Brother Bob and Sister Brenda. And they've had to pay different prices. Brother Gerald has worn himself out in the service of the Lord. Paid a completely different price than any of us. But he's an example of a faithful servant. He's an example of Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the other elders are. He says, "Look at them and imitate how and what they believe because you'll get the results if you have the same faith and is placed in the same thing. Why would I imitate somebody? The only time I imitate somebody is if I want what they have. So listen, if you don't want what Sister Moren has, don't do what Sister Moren did. But if you do, imitate her faith. Follow her faith. Believe as she believed. Paul says, "Look at the fruit of their lives. And the fruit of their lives is Jesus Christ. The same as he was yesterday, and it's the same today, and it's going to be the same tomorrow." There's a steadiness in the fruit that they're producing. Remember what Jesus says? He says, "I've ordained you that you would produce fruit and it should remain through the ups and the downs, through the the separation from family, through the financial hardships, through the sicknesses, through the heart attacks, through the dementia, whatever it might be, the fruit remains the same. Christ in you. It doesn't matter what happens. It doesn't matter how hard it is. It doesn't matter what people say. They stay steady with the word." Why? Because there's a faith that's ingrained in their soul that holds them to the eternal word of God. That's what's held them. They haven't held themselves. It's the faith of God inside of them that's held them and produced this in their lives. Amen. It's produced Christ all over again. Parents, grandparents, it pays. It pays to live a faithful life. It pays to commit yourself. It pays to be obedient to the word. instant in season out of season to just hold steady. There's a a benefit and it's not just to you it's to your children and it's to your grandchildren. You fit right into this scripture here. You elders, you grandparents, you parents. Brother Brown would say this. He was speaking of of the benefits of a faithful parent or a grandparent. He was talking about Levi paying tithe in Abraham. He got a benefit from Abraham's tithe pay and Levi never had to pay tithe his whole life. I wonder if that applies to me today. If the ministry No, just kidding. New doctrine. Strange fire. But you got to imagine Levi was feeling pretty good about it. He didn't have to pay the percentages and the percentages. In fact, they came to him. It's a wonderful thing to be a Levite. Catch this. Brother Ram says, "Live right. It'll do something to your children to follow you on and on. He says, "Keep living right, doing right, separating yourself from the things of the world, and live godly in this present world for Jesus Christ. There's a benefit." Remember what the scripture says. Says, "Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old, he'll not turn away from it." Sometimes it takes a while for it to get through to our hard heads, hard heads and our hard hearts, but it's still there because they've seen a faithful example of Jesus Christ living out in parents and grandparents. But you know, we look at this verse eight here, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. It's one of the most common common scriptures quoted in the message I think you'll find. But the problem is is we look at that scripture as something separate from us rather than something revealed in us. We look at a, you know, I've always preached it and I I I'll continue to say it. I wish we'd preach Hebrews 7 whenever we preach Hebrews 8 because we turn it into Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And it's just this ethereal thing where somebody's got to do it. But the idea is that not somebody's got to do it. It's that you've got to do it. I've got to do it. That were uh built into this scripture. Amen. The the point of Hebrews 13:8 is Christ in the believer. That's the point of it. It's not just in a prophet. It's not just in the ministry. It's Christ in the believer. Amen. Many years after Christ had said those words and gone on, Paul comes back to the first church age and he says, "You're doing exactly what he said you do." In John 14. You're the fulfillment of John 14. Christ in you, you in Christ. The works that you do, I do, you shall do also. He says you fulfilled it. It's right there. It's Jesus Christ. the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he was testifying to them, listen, you've got an example. Keep following the example. It works. Amen. The word works. They put fruit into their lives. And they haven't lost it. Through persecution, through people being thrown to the animals and thrown into the coliseum to be killed by soldiers and gladiators and torn apart and crucified, living in caves, meeting in tombs, all these different things. Nothing broke them. They held fast no matter what. I say, "Lord, help me to hold fast no matter what. Help us hold fast no matter what." He said, "It has to be one." He says, "Because the the hus a woman and her husband become one. They become one, and so does the bride and Christ become one." The ministry of the bride and the ministry of the Christ is the same. Remember what he said? I am the vine. You are the branches. Once you're connected to me, that's when you're going to start producing. Until you're connected to the vine, you're dead. But as soon as you're grafted in, then life comes forth and fruit will follow shortly afterwards. He called scripture. He says, "These former treaties, O Theophilles, have I wrote to you that Jesus began to do and continues to do." He says, "His death didn't stop him." No, sir. He returned again. Not a third person, but the same person returned again in the form of the Holy Ghost. And to continue the work on and continues on, said the book of Acts, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the token. That's the sign, church. I praise God that we know that that's a reality today. We saw it. Amen. We had a lot of things happening in the nominal Christian world in this generation. But what we needed was a proof that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you know what happened? God sent us that proof. He sent us a prophet. According to Malachi 4, after 2,000 years of theology without power, he sent us a Kentucky hillbilly that could barely write his name or read his Bible. And he sent him in the power of Jesus Christ. And what did he do, church? He showed us that Christ could heal. Christ could deliver. Christ could raise the dead. Christ could discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. He did every work that Christ did on this earth in terms of the supernatural. Why? To show us that Christ never died. to show that he was back in his bride to show us that nothing had to change in the word. Amen. He would say this. He says, "My ministry is a different ministry from a pastor or teacher." He says, "But this is my ministry." See, to declare him that he is here. And what did he do it? He did it by doing the exact same works that Christ did. And he did it by preaching the same gospel of Jesus Christ, the gospel of Paul that was given that will judge the earth. Amen. But it's so easy to take that statement and put it back into 1962 when he said it and put it in the ministry of a prophet. Amen. But remember that prophet's message, his very life was a sheath offering. It was a wave offering. It was a first fruit offering. What? To show what was supposed to follow. Not just in ministers. in a bride in the harvest when the life produces itself all over again. The corn of wheat that went down into the ground has come back and it is producing itself all over again. Amen. That the intent of this message was to do one thing. It was to give us the same faith and put us in the same condition that we had before the foundation of the world. It was a redeeming message. It was a restoring message. It was showing the effect of Paul's true ministry. It amazes me how they they've watered it down to where Paul's ministry has nothing to where people are even saying now that Paul never met Jesus and he has no authority in the scriptures. You basically have to throw away the New Testament if Paul has no authority. It's amazing. But what is it? This is a ministry. This is a message. It's Paul's message which takes us from our natural birth and it restores us back to our spiritual birth before we were ever born in this earth. Amen. It changes us. Paul would go to Athens, you read about in the book of Acts, and he would see these people that were steeped in idolatry and they were making idols and they had an idol and they had for just about every personality and every lifestyle and every desire you'd have, every walk of life. But then he walked by an altar that had that said to the unknown God. And Paul said, "I'm here to tell you about that one. That's the only one you got right because you don't know him." He said, "I'm here to tell you." He was a listening living testimony of that one God. They thought he was a God. When Paul did the miracles in front of them that he did, they thought he was God. He says, "No, I'm not God." But he would testify these beautiful words in a scripture I'm about to read. And it showed me, you know, it it kind of surprised me when it struck me that sometimes people can have the truth and not realize it. They can speak it but not understand it. How many times have I heard a a professing Christian repeat a scripture and yet they can't see the truth of it? They can't see the power of it. I had somebody ask me last year sometime. And he quoted a scripture and he said, "But we don't have that now, do we?" He read something from the New Testament. He said, "But that doesn't apply to us. We don't have that, do we?" I said, "Absolutely we do. God put it in. Where did he take it out? We took it out. God didn't take it out." And he was so surprised he'd lost the power of the word. He could tell me where that scripture was, but he couldn't tell me it was for him. That's what's happened today. Amen. They've lost the faith in the word. And that's what this message does is it restores us to the faith in the full word of God. And when we believe the full word, we get the full word effect. But I'm here tonight to preach at us. I'm here to preach who we are. And man, I'm here to show us what God says about us. I'm not here to pump up your tires because I think you're a good man or a good woman or a good Christian. I'm here to let you see what almighty God thinks about you. Because what he says is what's going to matter in the end. Amen. It's worth hearing. Paul would say this. We've read this scripture not too long ago. He says, "Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory, but in loneliness of mind, let each esteem other better than themselves. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of man. Now, let's stop here a moment because Paul says, listen, you got to have the mind of Christ in order to live and reflect Christ himself. But I love how Paul starts it out in verse three. If we were to sum that up, we'd say one one phrase, be humble. Take all that. Do nothing through strife for vain glory. You're not trying to pick a fight. You're not doing it for your own benefit. But what you're saying is, "Brother, you're better than me. Sister, you're greater than I am." In other words, be humble. Do things for the right reasons. Look after each other. When you're good and humble, put your shoulder to the wheel to help somebody else. When you get to the place where you're praying about other people's needs as much as your own, then you can progress to verse five. But you see how he builds it on character. He's building it on humility. He's building it on surrender and service, not self-elevation, pride, arrogance. I know this. I know that. But he says, after you get all that put in place, now you come to verse five. He says, remember, you're in the form of God as was Christ. But he's saying don't get ahead of yourself. He says, "Listen, Christ thought it not robbery to be equal with God." That that translation for that from the original language is it means he didn't consider his position something to be exploited. That word robbery literally means something to be grasped or taken. In other words, this mind of Christ and the authority that comes with it is not something for us to manipulate or use for our own benefit. You see it in Christ. Christ didn't go around in a life of ease and luxury. No pain, no suffering, no rejection, comfortable chariot, comfortable wagon, a place to sleep, a pillow. He had nothing, church. He had nothing. Worn out, headaches, tired, weary, so tired he could sleep in a boat in the middle of a storm. That's how wore out he was in service. Amen. What we have with this mind of Christ is not for us to use for personal benefit. It's for service. It's for service. Amen. That brings us back to our services on the mind of Christ. But if you notice this revelation of the mind of Christ, the spirit of Christ in us focuses us on everyone else and not ourselves in service. In service. Amen. It's reflective of a change we've received in ourselves and now we're here to support that change in everybody else. That's what the mind of Christ does. Amen. Now, we're in his hands being used for his work. Paul confirms it. Verse 13, he says, "For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure." We're speaking tonight on the mystery finished. And we see that Paul's saying, "Hey, this Christian walk isn't just about living clean and holding your temper and going to church. This this Christian walk for the spiritfilled surrendered believer is about doing the work of God and it's not by your doing. It's not by your desire and it's not by your planning. He says it is God which workketh in you. The the the the original language there is it is God which is effectual, fervent, and accomplishing things in you. In other words, this is all from him. It starts from him. He's the genesis of it. And he is the one that takes us and moves us forward. We aren't doing things because we have time and energy to burn. Get that? It's not because we have opportunity. Amen. We're doing a work. It's because it's he started us on that work or on that road. Paul says it's God that's working in you to will. To will. In other words, God's putting the desire, the inclination, the intention in the first place. Remember what Jesus said? He that hath my commandments. God's got to give you his will. And when he does, it's him that's doing all of that. I'm not sitting here going through and trying to find a place that I can do a work. There's lots of things lots of us could be doing, but we got to find the place he wants us. Amen. It's Paul showing us that a spiritfilled person has the leadership of the spirit. And it's not you desiring. It's not you willing. But it's God putting that desire in you. The Apostle Paul did not want to appeal to Caesar knowing it probably meant death. Moses didn't want to go back to Egypt. Peter did not want to go to the house of Cornelius, but they went anyways. Why? God put a desire in them to obey. First of all, to obey. You look around this church, we've got people serving. I look at brother Paul back there. He's up here playing. He's a Sunday school superintendent. He's teaching the young people and then he's handling young people's. That's a big burden. Guess what? If God doesn't put that desire in him, he's going to fail. But when he fails, he when he he God puts a desire in, he cannot fail because it's God that started the work. And then we see the switch that happens. It's God that's in you to will. And then he says it's God that will do it. It's not you doing it now. God put the desire and then God puts the ability to do it inside of his child. And so then if you didn't start it, it's not up to you to make sure you keep doing it. It's something inside of you that keeps pushing you forward. What is it to do? What? His good pleasure. His good pleasure is not always my good pleasure. I was saying, you know, I sure I sure wish brother Aaron would have been up here preaching this weekend. Why? I can use a break. It's not always my pleasure to be sitting and studying night after night and day after day. But it's his good pleasure. It's his good pleasure. And so it's up to me to do it and to trust that he'll meet me there and give people food in due season. And that's all I've got to do is give him an opportunity to use me. That's all he's asking me to do. God puts it in us to do it and then God works in us to perform it. That one he says it's it's working in you to do his good pleasure. It means to be mighty in to be effectual, effective, fervent in work. In other words, God puts the desire, then God puts the will and the ability and then the results are on him, not us. It's him working through us. It's going back to what Jesus said. He that has my commandments and keepeth them, he loves me, I love him, I'll manifest myself in him. We're bringing this full circle now. Paul's saying, listen, a spiritfilled person, God will put his desire, his will in you. Then he'll give you the power to do it and then the results will follow. I don't have to do a thing except obey. Obey. Make myself available. And then it's all on him. It's his work. But what is it? It's God in his people. That's what Paul's talking about. We're not God, but we're God revealed. Do you see the difference? Christ in me doesn't make me God, but it is a revealing of God. Christ in you doesn't make you God, but it's a revealing of God. It's God in us showing himself alive. Amen. Our lives, our old-fashioned, simple, humble lives, church, are showing Jesus Christ alive today. And it's a sign that almost nobody will notice, but it's nonetheless a sign. Amen. It's revealing God and his people all over again. Paul would say this, and this is the scripture I was talking about. He comes there and and he he's talking to the people in Athens and this is what he says. He says, "For in him we live and move and have our being." In other words, we're in him, church. He's in us and we're in him. There is no no difference between the two. We're lost in him. He says, "As certain also of your poets have said, for we are also his offspring." He says, "Listen, you've been preaching this, but I'm showing you what it means." their own people said, "We are children of God." And he says, "Here's what a child of God looks like." It's not a God that's made of silver or gold or stone or these different things, but it's a God inside of you producing himself. That's what he is. That's what makes you a child of God. Going back to Psalms, David would say, "I have said, ye are gods, and all of you are children of the most high." Church, we're not preaching milk anymore. This is mature meat for the believer. This is what adoption looks like. But he's showing you your heritage before you necessarily have the character and the reality of it. But nonetheless, if you can see yourself as a part of Christ in his mind before the foundation of the world, if he's revealed himself to you by his word, then he's got a purpose and he's got a plan for you, for your life in this time and in this season. That's the way that he works. Amen. I'm challenging us tonight to see a little more than what we see in our little circle. That we're not just housewives living at home, educating our kids, cooking meals, cleaning houses. Church, we are you are a witness of Christ and a faithful bride. We're not just men going to work, keeping ourselves separate, not laughing at the jokes, not getting caught up in things. No, we're showing that Christ is working in our lives in simple, humble, victorious Christian lives. Amen. Trying to get you to see what he says about you so you can have faith daytoday that you're not just living life, but it's his life living through you. Brother B would say this. He says, "What is the church supposed to do? Reflect the same thing that he did." Certainly. He said overreflecting it's God and his people. I remember in the Bible when an old prophet so filled with the Holy Spirit till a Shounomite woman had a baby and it died and the prophet couldn't hear from God nowhere. But he walked up and down the floor to and fro until the spirit of God came on him. He stretched himself up over that little dead baby. He sneezed seven times and came to life. He says, "What was it? That prophet?" No, sir. God and his people. That's right. He says it was God and his people. Certainly. That's exactly right. We find a man by the name of St. Peter. Didn't have enough education, no seminary experience, had no fellowship from any organization, but he was filled with the Holy Spirit. Church, what are you looking for? If you've got the spirit of God, identify yourself here. God in his people. He says they saw him prophesy and saw it come to pass. They watched his great life. They heard his influence. a man. He spoke like Jesus Christ. The Bible said they perceived that they were ignorant and unlearned men, but they knew they'd been with Jesus. He says, "See, it reflects himself in you." He says, "And they find out that people believed it so great, so much God come upon those people till they even laid in the shadow of that ignorant fisherman and as many as laid there with faith believing got healed." He says, "Not the shadow of that fisherman, but God in his people, God operating through his people." Certainly. He says they saw Paul stand up there and make prophecies and every one of them happened just exactly foretell things and do everything that the Jesus Christ did when he was here on earth. They saw that he was with Christ. They knew Christ was with him till even they required him to take handkerchiefs and aprons from his body and they laid it upon the sick and afflicted and evil spirits went out of the people diseases were healed. He says what is it God in his people? Now I read a quote like set of quotes like that and we look at that and we'd say well brother John that ain't my life. Has anybody healed something by having them sit in their shadow recently? Show of hands. No. Are we all prophets? Do we all have the gift of healing? No. So, how does this even apply to us? How can we compare to them? How can we compare our lives to Jesus? We say, "I'm not walking around healing people. I'm not walking around prophesying. I'm not out there raising the dead. I'm not even out there preaching. But remember church, Jesus miracles showed his authority. But his life revealed the word. His life fulfilled the word. His daytoday life, his day-to-day words, his day-to-day action, his day-to-day leadership, when he spoke, when he didn't, where he went, when he went, who he talked to, it was all reflecting what the word had prophesied about him. His life was to fulfill the father's word. And that was to do what the word said about him. And it's the same for you and I. Our mission is not to run around healing everybody, speaking in tongues, showing signs and wonders. That is not the order. Amen. That's not our food. Amen. It's not our food. We love those things. We have those things at times. Amen. But these are benefits and they are followers of the believer. Amen. But our lives are the fulfillment of his word day by day. We are not called to heal the person every day, but we're called to live by the word every day. You see the constancy of it. See, we want those supernatural moments to vindicate ourselves. And God says, "How about you give me a faithful life instead? I'll take care of the signs and wonders. How about you live a faithful Christian life? Amen. We're here to show the reality of a life stabilized by the word of God. A sane Christian life. An overcomer's life. Amen. We're here to show the effect of the word of God in our day-today life. Amen. I'll tell you, church, if you can live a life that's above the worries and the fears and the annoyances and and all the things that this world is trying to press in on us, that's supernatural. Lots of people want to live the life you're living and they can't do it. Why? They weren't born for it. But you've been born again to do it. And you live a life that almost nobody else can. Amen. That simple witness that God is looking for. Amen. It's not just God looking for it. It's the world. Listen to this. He says, "What the world is looking for is to see some display. Not of shouting. That's all right. I believe in that. Not speaking in tongues. Now, that's all right. I believe in that. in its place. I believe in the whole Bible, not some miracle of healing. I believe in that, every bit of it. But what the world is looking for is to see some real Christianity, some real life that you live out on the street, wherever you are, sealed with the power of God. Now, remember what a seal means, church. It means nothing can go in or come out. It means a finished work. Remember we spoke last service about how when you are sealed by the life inside of you, when the womb receives life, it seals itself. In other words, what happens is this world presses in and it's trying to put something inside of you, but you're sealed. The womb is closed. It can't get to you. That's the Christian life is no matter what comes, no matter what goes, no matter what we're given, no matter what's taken away, no matter who leaves, no matter who comes in, it doesn't change a thing. What political party, what the economy is doing, whether we have great jobs, whether we don't have jobs, it matters not. No matter what happens, we're sealed. We don't change. All it is is the life inside us keeps growing, growing, growing. And Satan can bang and he can knock and he can push and he can do everything he wants, but we're sealed to the day of our full redemption. We've got a life of constancy. Amen. He says we're not running down the street hollering, "Hallelujah. Hallelujah." He says, "That isn't it, but a sweet, humble Christian walk before men, living the life, acting like a Christian, being like a Christian, behaving yourself like a Christian." That's what the world is wanting to see. He says, "And the people will go down the street and say, if there ever was a Christian, a sainted person, there she goes or there he goes." He says, "But you see what we've done." He says, "You know that's true, friend. When the church gets back to living what we're professing," he says, Jesus said, "Ye are the salt of the earth, but if the salt has lost its saber, it's not good for anything but to be put under the feet of men and made roads out of." He says, "Now, let me ask you something. A salt is a saber if it contacts. If you've got a barrel of meat here and a barrel of salt here, and the meat will spoil unless the meat and the salt get together. That means we can't just be holed up in our house living sanctified lives. Church, I'm not going to bars to find lost people, but I've got to be able to walk and function in this world. We Scripture says we're in this world, but we're not of it. We've got to be able to walk through it and keep our garments unspotted. But we've got to be able to walk through it. We've got to be able to deal with those that don't believe the way we do, that don't see the things the way we do, cuz we have to be a witness. We've got to be a witness. Church, we're not going to run everybody in Newfoundland through this church. But guess what? They see you when you go out. You sisters in particular, they see you when you're out and about. He says, "If you're the salt of the earth, then you've got to live such a life, a written epistle, till all men will know what you are." He says, "No matter what you profess to be, you know, they say this, your life speaks so loud I can't hear your testimony." He says, "That's right." Remember what Jesus said? He says in Mark 16, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Church, that means something else has to lead the way. It ain't signs and wonders. It's not miracles. Amen. What is it? It's a life surrendered to the word. It's the gospel living in you and I. That's what leads the way and everything else follows. You know, we've been praying for Cherylyn Piery with that horrible condition that she has, a sentence of death on her. But the first thing she's got to see before she can ever be healed is she's got to see people that believe in healing. She's got to see people that are willing to testify, people that have been healed. Your life is the testimony before they can receive it. You've got to be the supernatural. Brother Bob has a wonderful testimony of healing, of cancer. That's a beautiful thing. Sister Justine sees perfectly and no no no no migraine headaches anymore. The other ones that have had supernatural experiences in their life and in their body, that's your testimony along with the dayto-day constancy of your faithful living by the word. Amen. But see, the thing is, we'd rather lead with the supernatural. Why? Because you'll get people with the supernatural. But we're here not here to draw people in. We're here to bring in those that are hungering and thirsting. Not for just healing, but to live a life like you've lived. Those that can see the word in front of them and say, "I want what you've got. I want a family like you have. I don't understand how you got it, but I'm willing to give it a shot." There's something about your life that draws me in. Amen. Church, this this is if we'll lead with the word, if we'll lead with our lives, God will follow with the supernatural in his time and in his season and in his way. Amen. This isn't a show. We're not here to cater to what people want. Well, I'll believe Jesus if he heals me. Well, guess what? You're probably not going to be healed. He asked you to believe first and then the healing follows. Right? A wicked and perverse generation seeks after a sign. He's looking for those that will receive the word. Amen. We're not here to cater to people or do what they want. We're salt. We're supposed to make people thirsty. Amen. But I'll tell you, it's a whole lot more fun, isn't it, to say, "I've got a gift of healing. I got a gift of discernment. I got a gift of prophecy." Those different things to be the supernatural. But let me tell you, church, if you can live a life by the word every day, that's more supernatural than one person being healed. 100%. That's the truth. Amen. There are people out there that can heal people by faith in Jesus name, and they can't live the life that you do today because gifts and callings are without repentance. They have the supernatural in acts, but they don't have supernatural in life. And Jesus said, he said, "I came that you would have life and more abundantly." Amen. Fruit that remains. We've been born to live this life. Amen. Watch how Paul finishes this thought as we start to wind down tonight. This is the mindset now of the believer. He says, "Do all things without murmurings and disputings." In other words, don't grumble about the life that God has called you to live. I'm not allowed to grumble because I only get one or two nights an evening a week free. I'm not allowed to do that. That's what Paul's saying, brother John. Doesn't matter how much you have to study, don't grumble about it. That's your lot in life. Yeah. That's your calling. That's your position. That's your burden. Sisters, guess what? Your burden is to stay home and take care of the of the household and the kids. That's your burden. Don't grumble about it. Brothers, we got to get up every morning and go to work. Don't grumble about it. Those of you that are serving in offices, don't grumble about it when it bears a little heavy. Why? God's called you to do it. He's enabled you to do it. Amen. He says that word, that word disputing means reasoning, debating, internal consideration. Other words, don't dissect what God's trying to do in your life. Six ways past Sunday. Just stay with it. Don't try and think it all through. Don't try and see where he's going. Church, can you imagine if I tried to figure out all the way that God led me? All the way down into the US, all the way up to the West Coast, sat me down for a while, and then brought me over here. I'd have been drove crazy trying to figure out what God was trying to do. Don't try and figure it out. Just stay with him. Trust him. Let him do his leading. And he'll make it all abundantly clear in his time. Amen. live the life he's given you to live. He says why? That you may be blameless and harmless. That word harmless means innocent. That you may be blameless and innocent, the sons of God without rebuke. That word rebuke means unblenmished, spotless, without spot or wrinkle in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation among whom you shine as lights in the world. He says, "Listen, your life is not like everyone else's. The only light these people are going to see is your light. We're not going to get everyone through here. Some people will never crack open a Bible, but they'll see you. He says, "You got to be a light. We can't just be good church members. We've got to be living daily by what we say we believe." Amen. Sons of God, God and his people. He says, "Holding forth the word of life." That means never letting go. Don't lay it down because it's uncomfortable. Don't lay it down because it's unpopular. Don't lay it down because it'll make things awkward. I reminded of Brother Bob, you know, when he was traveling for business and they they had a a new executive that came in and they were all going down to a pub to to eat. And that's what you have today. His pubs aren't for drinking, they're for eating and drinking. And so you can get pulled into that. And he says, "Well, guys, sorry. I can't do that." Now, that was awkward potentially. But you know what? Everyone said, "Hey, where are you going?" "Well, I'm going to go down here." "Well, I'd like to go there, too." And then most of the people went on with him. See, if he wasn't willing to be awkward, he wouldn't have been a light. You got to be willing to stand out. You got to be willing to confess, "I don't do those things. I don't talk about those things. I don't believe those things. I don't support those things. Here's what I believe. Here's what I support. Here's how I do these things." You got to be able to do it. Amen. Let me read us one more quote. Oh, sorry. He says, "Holding forth the word of life, let never letting go of it." He says, "That I may rejoice in the day of Christ that I have not run in vain, neither labored in vain." The people are proof of the ministry. I hope my wife doesn't mind me saying this. She asked me the other day. She says, "What are you looking forward to most in the next five years?" I said, "Honey, I'm just trying to get through day by day." True true husband's words. Amen. Wives, don't you hate it when when we're so See, we don't we're just What we are is we're scriptural. Sufficient to the day is the evil thereof. Amen. But she said, "Is this okay?" She said, "What are you looking most forward to the next 5 years?" I said, "I'm not even there yet." But I said, "Now that you're making me think," I said, "You know what I'm looking forward to? I'm looking forward to see the next generation step up. That's what I'm looking forward to. I praise the Lord for sister Amber and my wife and brother Joe and sister Priscilla and brother Paul and and the brother Matt and and you know yes I I appreciate Kingsley and Becky and Vichel too but they don't have you know yeah they don't have kids yet and stuff like that. I know brother brother you know but you know what I'm saying that that they're they're moving they got another generation rolling in. But I I appreciate those that have the life of Christ in them. That's what I'm saying. But there are those that have really moved on and there's a second generation that's really ready to step up again. We're getting there again. And I said, "That's what I'm looking forward to." And I said, "I'm envious of Brother Gerald because Brother Gerald has already seen his crop." I said, "I'm waiting for my crop. That's what I'm looking forward to. And I'm trusting that the time I'm putting into the planting and watering will produce a good crop." Amen. I want to see young people filled with the Holy Ghost living simple, humble, spiritfilled, and led Christian lives. That's what I want. That's what I'm here for. Amen. I got no doubts about the middleagers. Kingsley and Becky and Vicel, I know you're not middleagers yet. For us, Mary folks, brother Paul, you're out as well. But, you know, for brother Matt and sister Amber and brother Joe and sister Priscilla and brother Chad and sister Lee and that I'm thankful for what God has done in our lives. But I'm saying, Lord, let's see it again because it's the fourth generation where you always had the problems and we've got three here. I want to see I don't want to see it, but I want to know that as our our sisters get married and our young men get married, they're going to have kids and they're going to have the same experience as we did if the Lord should terry. That's what I want to see. I want to see Christ keep moving, Christ keep living. that if he should terry, some are going to drop off. Others are going to come right in behind him and fill in their shoes by God's grace. Amen. Read two more quotes. God's offices, father, son, and holy ghost. God the father was the God that lived in the pillar of fire. He said he was trying to draw Israel to him. They wouldn't come. God the father lived in the son which made him God the son. The same God expressed image of God, the seed of God manifest drawing trying to draw the people to him. They crucified him. He says the Holy Ghost is the same God that was at the beginning in the son of God and he's now here. He says now here the other office of God. He says in the last days he says the Holy Spirit is now in the last office of God. He says what is he doing? living in the church trying to bring the word the spoken word like the two other offices did to the people. He says and they reject it. He says it but it's the same thing. It's three offices or manifestations of one God in action. He says and God in his people today in action is God in action. He says see it's God in the people. Can you say amen this evening? Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together if we would. Amen. What is it? Christ in you, the hope of glory. Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever. That's always been the role of the church is to express Christ. Amen. Not to build some big church, not to put on these trappings and robes and priestly garments and build big cathedrals and these things, but it's a church that's to reflect his leadership, his authority, his power, his headship. Amen. His will, his purpose, his actions, his desires. Our life is supposed to be so lost in his that all people can see is Jesus. Amen. Scripture says the saints will judge the earth. How? Your life's cuz you're the word all over again. They'll never crack open a Bible. But they'll see you sisters walking through the grocery store with your long hair and your dresses and your modesty, simple, clean, humble. And guess what? that's going to judge them walking around in their leggings and tight this and beared that. Why? Because they saw what God wanted. They saw what God is and they said, "That's not for me." It would behoove us day by day, I think, to realize that we may be the only gospel that some people are ever going to see. And if that's the case, would we change anything? I was listening to brother Brandham and he said, 'You know why people do things they ought not to do? He says they think or they forget that God can't God can see it. I thought that was pretty powerful. When we do something we ought not to, we look at something we ought not to, we say something we ought not to, what it is is we forget or we think that he doesn't see it. He says God sees it all. He says, can you imagine the life you'd live if you realized he sees everything you do? He hears everything you say. He knows everything you think. Amen. What a witness we're required to give in this last day. We're the only lights in a work world that is completely dark. Amen. I say, Lord, help me to be a greater light. Lord, help my words. Help the things I do. Help the things I not do. Show people that there's a Christ that's still alive and well. that there's a holiness, there's a modesty, there's a moderation, there's a peace, there's a joy, there's a rest that's available to people if they'll let him into their lives. Amen. I say, Lord, make us a greater witness. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, that's our desire. I pray, Lord, I'm trusting tonight. It's not just mine, but it's the desire of everyone here, Lord, that we could be a greater witness for you, heavenly father. Lord, I pray you'd help us to be mindful of your presence, Lord, that we are the tabernacle of the Holy Ghost, the temple of the Holy Ghost. Lord, we are the dwelling place for you in this last age. Lord, I pray you help our lives to reflect it. Our attitudes, Lord, the way we respond, the way we react, the things we focus on, our priorities. Lord, I pray you make our families, our homes, our marriages, our careers. Lord, our decisions. I pray that each one of them will be a witness to people. Lord, that there's a sanity that's still available to them today. Lord, the world is looking. There's so many looking and wondering, Lord, where they can find these things, Lord. I pray you help us to stand true and tall, Lord. That we would shine in this darkness, Lord, greater than ever, Lord. Help us to be real lights, Lord. Not flickering lights, Lord, but a solid, steady gleam of holiness and purity, heavenly father, by your word, Lord. Make us a greater witness, I pray. Lord, let people see you in us, Lord, for we'll give you the glory. We'll give you the honor, and we'll give you the praise. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. I was born to be a dwelling place. 742. [Music] &gt;&gt; I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. [Music] So let my life now be consecrated to thee that I might be what I was born to be. The light was born to me. the presence of the Lord. Oh, let my life now be consecrated for to thee that I might be what I was born to be. For I was born to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. So let my life now be on afraid of to be that I might be what I was born to be. Jesus draw me close. 766 Jesus draw me closeer Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and oy Jesus draw me Closer Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord, to you, for I desire to worship and obey. One more time. Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord. around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you and I desire to worship and oy make me a servant. 12:44. Make me a serant humble and meek. Lord, let me lift up those who are weak. And may the prayer of my heart always be. Make me a serant. Make me a serant. Make me a serant today. [Music] Oh, make me a serant, humble and meek. Lord, let me lift up those who are weak. And may the prayer of my heart always be. Make me a serant. Make me a serant. Make me a serant today. You know, I'm struck by what Jesus said. He gave that parable of the servants and he said to one was given five talents, one was given two and one was given one. Then the man went away and when he came back he drew them in for an accounting. And the first one came in and he said, "I took your five and I made another five." And he said, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Enter thou into the joys of thy lord." and he sent them all. The one that had two came in. He says, "I took your two and I produced another two. I doubled it." He said, "Well done. You've been faithful in the little." He says, "I'll give you more." Then the one came in. He said, "I knew you were a person that reaped where you didn't sew, and you took what you didn't develop your own self." He says, "So I took it and I buried it in the napkin." He says, "Thou wicked and slothful servant." He says, "You are lazy. You are too scared to do anything with what I gave you." And he said, "Take his and give it to the one that has 10." They said, "Lord, he already has 10." He says, "He has 10." The theme of it was he has 10 because he took what I gave him and develop more with it. Amen. That's what faithfulness looks like. You take where God has placed you. You take what he's done for you and you use it. You do that, then God will give you more. But he doesn't give you more if you're not using what you have right now. It's the faithful servant is the one that's constantly working for the master's benefit. Amen. That's what being a servant is. Just being where you are, doing what you can do day in and day out. That's the simplicity of being a servant. Amen. We're going to sing one more song. We're going to sing that one pleasing 524. And I'm going to ask uh I think you have brother Matt open. Is that right? We're going to ask brother Bob to close in prayer tonight if he would. Amen. Good to see sister Melody here feeling better. Amen. Praise the Lord. We did have a a I do have a um a praise report. My um mother-in-law Nana as we call her, she had multiple surgeries. She had surgery on her spine. The guy messed it up. Didn't didn't uh share that he messed it up. They did tests. They found other things. They went in. They fixed that with surgery. Very painful. Well, anyways, in the second surgery, they said, "What's happened is your your bowel or your intestine has attached itself to the muscle when we did the work. We're going to have to go in again." So, that'll be a third surgery. Very painful. You know, it's very difficult on her. And so, we prayed and they tested her the other day and they said, "We were wrong. It's not attached. You're going to be just fine." So, we say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. That an older sister like like Sister Navas doesn't have to go through that. Amen. It just it really made uh her week, I'm sure. And we were so happy for that. So, we praise the Lord. Amen. He's still a prayer answering God. He's still a healing God. Amen. So, we thank that him for that. And thank him for touching Sister Melody. Amen. Praying that he'll continue to be with us, put out these fires for once and for all. Amen. That he'll just continue to speak and move in our lives. Amen. Let's sing this and brother Bob will come. pleasing. Oh, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying that everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. pleasing. [Music] Oh, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you and praying that everything I pursue Be pleased, oh Lord, unto you. Amen. Heavenly Father, let that be our prayer tonight, Father, as we leave that, Father, we want to be pleasing to you, Lord, in everything that we say, everything that we do, Lord. That Father, we would be obedient to your leadership, Father, in every in every every time, Lord, that we step outside our door, Father, that we hear that still small voice leading us and guiding us, Father. maybe cross a path, Lord, with somebody that needs a touch from you, Lord, that needs to hear about you, Lord, or needs to see you, Father. And we pray, Lord, that you'd help us, Father, by grace just totally to realize, Father, that obedience is better than sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And that, Father, we want to be obedient completely to your word. So Lord, we just pray as we go tonight, Father, that you would help us, Lord, to remember what was spoken tonight, Father, that Lord, we don't want to hide our bushel or our light, Father, under a bushel or under a our candlestick, Lord, as it were, under a bushel, Father, but rather, Lord, to have it glowing, Father, that others would see in a world of darkness, Father, that there is there is someone, Lord, that has something different. and that when people look at us, Lord, they'll see that we've been with Jesus. So, Father, once again, Lord, we ask we go tonight that you would just minister to each and every one, Father, you remember, Lord, we remember those that, Father, have that that you've had answered prayer for, Lord. And that, Father, the burdens and the the problems, Lord, that we all face, Father. Maybe we just commit all that into your hands, Father. Let the Holy Ghost lead us, Father. that the Holy Ghost minister to each and everyone. And Father, you would take care of the fires, Lord, that that are out there, Lord. And Father, so many people suffering, Father, we're praying, Lord, that you would just, Lord, in some way, Father, reach down and touch somebody, Father, and give some encouragement. So, we just bless pray your blessing upon them, Father, your blessing upon each and every one. Thank you for answering prayer, Lord, for Sister Nevas and for Sister Melody, Lord, and for all those others, Lord, that you answer prayer for. We just want to thank you. So bless us, Lord, we pray as we go tonight. Father, help us to love you, to serve you, Lord, with all of our hearts in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Music] We [Music] bring Everything we love you. [Music] And everything that I do [Music] that I would He love be that we break [Music] Very we [Music] do the Lord with you. [Music]
