################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-16 - 20251015 - The Token Life Pt 89 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 9 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-16
Title:    20251015 - The Token Life Pt 89 - The Mystery, Finished Pt 9 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsFWsvxdpYU
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Wn3qafBXUirdMJIotNmCIa3HfayWQW35/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus draw close to Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and oy Jesus Draw me close, close to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close close Lord to you for I desire to worship and oy. Sing it again. Jesus draw me close to you. Let the world around me fade away. Oh Jesus, draw me close closer Lord to you. All right. And oy let's sing 1057 in your presence. [Music] want to welcome everybody here this evening. I'll just go mention the prayer request here while we're waiting. Um, brother Bobby WZ is a a brother um Priscilla we've known her whole life and um I'm not sure where he's from Indiana maybe but spent a lot of time in Tucson and he's um he's real sick right now. He's and he's given up stopped doing chemo and things and thank you his brother where his father was mentioned many times in the message. Um so it's that's the family he comes from but he just needs our prayers. Uh, brother Bobby Warts for just a touch from the Lord for cancer. Um, Samuel's home tonight. He had an allergic reaction and Sister Blanc is home with him. So, pray grace to him. Also, Biscuit needs our prayers. He has an infection on his nose. So, I think he had a tussle with a cat. So, grace to Biscuit. We make a full recovery. Brother Adam Coffee. Want to continue to keep him in prayer. Believe he's doing okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. We're waiting for test results. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um Sarah Graham, um formerly Sarah Coffee has surgery tomorrow. So, pray grace to her. Um Sister Leah shared a report on on Brother Samuel Snow. He's doing better. Thank the Lord. So just want to continue to keep him in prayer. Some of the other needs this the sort of standing request. Sister Violet, brother Dale, Sister Lorie Snow, Sher Lynn Piery, brother David the needs he had mentioned and sister Cordella, brother Nelson also saints on the island and those not here tonight. Just want to pray grace to them. Any other needs this morning? Okay. Yeah, Mr. Penny is having kidney stones and that's that's certainly not uh not not fun. So, grace to him and that they get that under control. Let's sing this song. We'll ask brother Mark to open prayer. I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me, where my feet are on the floor. I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot choke me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your face in the clft of the rock, in your presence. Oh God, I know I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me. Where I'm covered by granted Lord. Oh, I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, bless and strong in your presence. Oh Lord my God, in your presence [Applause] that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace in the cl of the rock. more in your presence. Oh God, I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me, where my feet are over. I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot show me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence. That's where I'm strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, [Music] that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock, in your presence, oh God, I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me where I'm covered. Granted, Lord, I come to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I'm from. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, [Music] that's where I belong. seeking your face and touching your grace in the cl of the rock in your presence. Oh God is in your presence. [Music] That's where I'm strong in your presence. Oh Lord my God, in your presence [Music] that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace in the cloud. In your presence, oh God. Just two prayer requests I failed to mention. Uh Sister Leah, she's home today, not not feeling well. also for sister Kimberly uh not feeling well. So pray grace to them. Amen. Let's pray. Amen. Heavenly Father Lord uh just believe Lord that in your presence Lord that's where we belong Lord. And Lord, we're trusting in you, Lord, for your grace, Lord, in this hour, Lord, when we see so many things happening, Lord, that fulfilling scripture. And we know, Lord, that the end is near, the times at hand, Lord, this for the bride, Lord, in this age, Lord, to be manifested upon the earth, Lord, before the rapture. And Lord, there's so many things, Lord, that is happening, Lord, that we want to be diligent in prayer, Lord, and thanking you, Lord, for your grace, Lord. we see these things that are coming and know what's going on because many suffer mentally Lord just trying to understand Lord what is happening and what's going on around them but by grace Lord we're given wisdom and understanding so we're thankful Lord for that tonight praying again Lord for all the needs Lord that brother Joseph u mentioned Lord tonight and remember uh sister Sarah Lord your grace you touch upon her Lord and Adam Lord we just pray you be with them remember Mr. penny, Lord, as he suffers, Lord, that terrible disease, Lord. We just ask, Lord, your grace, Lord, that you would just help him, Lord. And Lord, just remember uh Sister Leah, Lord, also Sister Kimberly not with us, Lord. All those Lord who not with us, we pray your touch upon them. And for all the other requests, we ask Lord your grace and for the brother in Tucson praying your touch upon him for Lord that has serious disease. Lord, we pray that you would intercede and grant him, Lord, your mercy and grace, Lord, in this hour. So, we pray, Lord, that you would just be with us, Lord, watch over us, what bless the service and brother John as he comes to minister. We pray, Lord, that you would just put us all, Lord, into one spirit, one accord, Lord, that we may, Lord, partake of the word, Lord, today and its formless. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Let's [Music] sing number 1150. Bloodbot church. [Music] They shall lift up their voice. They shall sing for joy. They shall cry aloud and be free. They'll glorify the name of the Lord. It's the blood of the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. With a shout of praise and a twoed sword, every stronghold upon bond each fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner our captain must be free. Our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the blood of the church the redeemed. Oh, pick up your heart, oh Zion of the Lord. Let the earth bring forth with his praise. All his children rejoice from the islands of the sea. It's the blood for the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. With a shout of praise and a twoed sword, every stronghold of bondage fall beneath man. Thank you Lord. Must be free. Oh, our deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the bloodbought. The church, the redeemed. Let the earth be silent wind cease to blow. Every created behold your wings. There's a new song being sung with a brand new melody. It's a blood bought the church. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood and we are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. With a shout of praise and a twoed sword, every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner, our captain must be free. Deliverance has come through the power of the sun. It's the blood of the church of redee. They shall lift up their voice. They shall sing for joy. They shall cry aloud and be free. They shall glorify the name of the Lord. It's the club of the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood man. We are going forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty booming force. With a shout of praise and a twoed sword, every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner must be free. And our deliverance has come through the power of the son. It's the blood of the church, the redeemed. Oh, we are in that army of the Lord. We've been washed in the blood. He is moving forth. There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force. With a shout of praise and uned sword, every stronghold of bondage fall beneath our feet. Every prisoner how captive must be free. Our deliverance has come. Power of the sun. It's the blood of the church, the redeemed. [Music] Amen. Let's sing number 1149. Oh, steal always softly to Jesus. [Music] Go carry thy burden to Jesus and lay down thy load at his feet. Where calary's crosses up lifted find pardon and comfort in sweet. Oh, steal away softly to Jesus. To him let thy heart be out. My father who seeth in secret shall give thee a gracious rewardment. [Music] Rejoice in his wonderful mercy thy soul from its sorrows relief. and turning in love to thy neighbor. Give freely as thou hast receive. Oh, seal away softly to Jesus. To him let thy heart be out and help us. My father who seeth in secret [Music] shall give thee a gracious reward. Oh, seal away softly to Jesus. To him let thy heart be out. I fall who seeth in secret shall give thee a gracious reward. Let Christ thy gracious compassion [Music] keep close to his side day by day. The fountain unseen of the blessings will brighten and gladen your way. Man, help us. Oh, steal the way softly to Jesus. To him let thy heart be out. Thy father who seeth in secret shall give thee a gracious reward. Oh, steal away softly to Jesus. To him, let thy heart be out. My father who seeth in secret shall give thee a gracious reward. Amen. Let's sing 1168 for every answered prayer. Let's stand. [Music] For every answered prayer, for always be there. The love that hears us when we call. The arms that lift us when we fall. You have always been right beside us, leading us all along the way. We made it through, man. Because of you and here we are lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all we do. And as we praise and worship your holy name, my name you are here [Music] dwelling within our praise for taste. We cannot see for all that's yet to be. My grace, the trials we may have to face. When we'll be leaning on your grace, it will be your strength that guides us. Your love that makes us strong. Get through it all, man. We'll sing this song cuz here we are. Bless you. To you. Here we are. We're giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name for you are here oh dwelling within our praise. Oh, here we are lifting our hands to you. Here we are [Music] giving you thanks for all you do. as we praise and worship your holy name. You are here dwelling within our praise. Amen. Lord Jesus, Lord, it's our prayer tonight. Lord, as we walk through life, Lord, things get tough, things get tight, things get hard. Lord, that we be able to go back to this song, this thought, Lord, that you're in it whether we can see you or not, whether we can feel you or not, Lord. Not knowing what lies ahead, Lord, but trusting you that your grace will take us through, Lord, that all things work together for our good, Lord, and that there's a wonderful end for us at the end of it all, Lord. There's an expected end, Lord. There's something that you prepared for us, Lord, that requires that we go through it, Lord. And in the end, we'll be better for it, heavenly father. Lord, help us to remember that each day, Lord, in the good times. Thank you for it. In the bad times, thank you for the same, Lord. Because we know in the end, it's you that's working in our lives, Lord. We're in the palm of your hands. Nothing can touch us, Lord, except you allow it, Lord. So bless us, Lord. Thank you for this song service this evening, Lord. Lord, thank you for the word you've given me, Lord. I pray it would just strike our hearts and our souls, Lord, that it would go, Lord, to the very depths of our being tonight, Lord. That we could take it in faith, Lord, and apply it. Be with us, Lord. We pray. those that are here, those that aren't, Lord. Each one, Lord. Those that are listening, wherever they may be, Lord, we pray a grace to them. Each one, thanking you for your goodness, Lord, thanking you for your promise that you'll never leave us or forsake us. Be with us now, Lord Jesus. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Good to see each one this evening. Let's turn, if we can, to Matthew the 22nd chapter. Amen. Uh certainly want to remember my wife and Samuel are home. He had a allergic reaction. We're not sure to what exactly. We think we might know, but we don't know exactly, but it's not going down very quickly. So, he's very itchy and he's got hives all over his body. So, we want to remember him especially. Amen. I'm excited to preach this evening. I've got some encouragement coming your way. It may not seem that way from the first little bit, but I've got some encouragement coming your way. So, I'm glad to be here tonight. It's always good to preach good things. You know, it's not easy to preach it when you you think you're correcting or or whatever, but boy, when you got something that if we can sink our teeth into, it's going to be good. Then you're always glad to be a preacher. Amen. I certainly didn't want to be here tonight. I wanted to be taking my rest yet again so that we could get ready for the special meetings, but brother Aaron had a kind of a semi-serious uh incident and health incident and uh he's waiting on surgery and it could happen any day. And he was going to grit it through, but on the advice of his pastor, he's not going to do that. And we certainly don't want him up here needing surgery. So, we're going to put that off. He uh he'll come maybe sometime in the new year, Lord willing. But in the meantime, I have tentatively booked another minister for November 28th through the 30th. I know that's still 6 weeks out yet again. I apologize. I'm doing everything I can. I'm just trusting the Lord has a plan in it. Amen. That's all we can do. But this is a a brother that I've known for many, many years. He goes to my old home church down in Dallas, Texas. A wonderful, wonderful preacher, a a humble man, a sincere man. And I know he'll fit in just like he comes from Newfoundland when he comes. So Lord willing, he's going to confirm with me next week. He's traveling to London uh today uh London in the UK uh for business and then he's coming back and he'll be able to confirm then. But we look forward to that. Trusting the Lord will get us into some special meetings here one way or another. Otherwise, it's just going to be me and Brother Grant. We're just going to tag team it through a weekend just to say we had special meetings, I think. But again, the Lord knows and we just have to trust that. Amen. We've had many disappointments this year when it, you know, with this set of services with brother Aaron and we're just trusting the Lord's got a hand in it and uh and that it's not our fault or anybody's fault. It's just he's working things for our good. Amen. Matthew 22 says this and says, "Then one of them which was a lawyer asked him a question, tempting him and saying, Master, which is the great commandment in the law?" Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats. And we're continuing our series on the Holy Ghost. And this idea of the mystery, finished, the revealing of Christ in his church. And we've been talking about the preeminence. And this idea of the preeminence is really the the final key, I believe, to what we're talking about. Because when we look at something being revealed, a mystery being finished, a mystery being revealed, if it's been hidden, then what's been underneath all that time has to come through. And when it's Christ being revealed, that means he's got to have the preeminence. Amen. I don't think he can be revealed if we've got the preeminence. It's got to be him that has the preeminence in our lives. And so, if there's one thing I want to start the service out with this evening, it's that preeminence is not lip service. Amen. Preeminence is not just about how we talk by any means. talking about God, talking about the goodness of God, talking about the things God's done for you, talking about how much you love God. We ought to do those things. Amen. We ought to we ought to have a positive testimony. We ought to be able to talk about the good things of God. Amen. But that is not giving God the preeminence. That's a part of it, but it's not certainly the thing that we're talking about here tonight. Amen. Talk is cheap. I think we've all learned that by now. Even dealing with believers, talk is cheap. Professing believers, talk is cheap. But I want to open with something that Jesus said. And I warned you the beginning is not going to be so positive because we always have the anti-ype and then we have the type. Amen. We've got the thing that's on it looks right but it's wrong. And then we've got the thing that maybe looks wrong but it is right if we're looking at our natural lives. And so I want to just take what Jesus said here and remember who he was speaking to. He was talking to the religious leaders and and the religious people. And he says thus have ye made the commandment of men of none effect by your tradition. That word none effect there means disanold. You've made a void. You've invalidated the word of God. You've taken away its impact and its application in your life as it was intended. He says by how? By your tradition. Then he says, "You hypocrites." What's a hypocrite? Somebody that says one thing and does another. That's why I say talk is cheap. You can talk all you want. It's what you do that God really cares about. Amen. He says, "You hypocrites, well did Isaiah prophesy of you, saying, this people drawth nigh unto me with their mouth and honorth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me." So Jesus analysis of this group of people of that age, even if we could put it that way, is that they talked a good talk, but they couldn't walk the good walk. Their mouth said the right things, their lips said the right things, but when it came to the word, they take it and they twist it for their own benefit. And he said, 'In doing so, you've made it of no effect. Because we've got to remember the word is God's thoughts. It's God's intentions. It's God's plan. And it's for our benefit that he gives it to us. But remember, you can't add one word to it and you can't take one word from it. Otherwise, it loses its power. And that's what he's saying is you tried to take it, you tried to take something that was for your benefit and twist it in a way you thought was good, and you actually lost the benefit. You took the best thing that God could give us, which was his word, and you twisted it for yourself. And in doing so, you lost its effect. And he says, "What's the effect of it now?" He says, "Your heart, your your inner desires, your real intentions, your real goals, your your real plans, they're far away from mine. They in no way match up with what I intended." Amen. Can you imagine hearing that from God in flesh? What an indictment. What a judgment that would be to have God come up and say, "You know what? You talk one way, but in reality, your heart is far from me. You have no relationship with me. You're not even close to me. You have no idea. And who is it he was talking to? Critics. It's the critics that do this. It's the critics that can't shut up. It's the critics that keep poking and poking and pointing and pointing and trying to pin you down here and pin you down there. And I found one thing. It's the critics that have the least to offer when the push comes to shove. The reason they can talk is because there's no focus on their own life. Amen. Critics rarely have a life comparable to those they're even criticizing. They usually have the skeletons in the closet. The scripture bears it out. And I think real life bears that out. And I want to kind of take us down a road of of what this looks like because we look at critics, we look at hypocrites, we look and those are people that talk one way and live another. And I think one of the greatest examples of this that we can see in scripture is the rich young ruler because we're taking this series now into where rubber meets the road. This is getting real personal and it's going to stay personal till we close it out by God's grace. But we look at that rich young ruler. He lived a good life. He was well thought of by people. He had a good career. He was kind to his parents. Well spoken of in church. He went to church. Brother says when he died, no doubt the priest was there saying what a great man he was. And no doubt he was in the presence of God. All these different things. Amen. And yet internally for all of those good works, for all of that good life, internally there was something that was unsettled in that man. Something wasn't settled in his life. And we see what happened. Amen. I want to read the scripture that tells this little story a bit. But I want you to see something that with preeminence, it's all or nothing. It's not a halfway. It's not a 3/4 way. It's not a 90% way. It's 100% or it's nothing. You cannot have two masters. You can only have one master. And so with preeminence in our lives, that means there's only one in charge. It's not me plus one. It's not one plus me. It's one only. And it's God or it's nobody else or somebody else, I should say. Amen. We can say we'll give it, but the question is, will we actually give it? And look at this rich young ruler. By all appearances, by all uh influence that he had, his his his reputation was stellar. The rich young ruler was everything we would want our sons and daughters to be, if I put it that way. Isn't it? He was everything that we want our young people to be. But I want you to catch something. It says, "And when he was gone forth into his way, Jesus was walking now. There came one running and kneelled to him and asked him, "Good master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?" I want you to see something, church. He didn't send a servant to Jesus. He didn't come riding up regally on his donkey or his horse. He came running. That wasn't very dignified in those days. A rich young ruler, somebody that was used to other people running to him, he came running. He showed a desire. He humbled himself by running to Jesus rather than calling Jesus to him. And what does he say? He says, "Good master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?" He gives Jesus the title that belongs to only the best of the best teachers. We'd say today he gives Jesus his due. He gives Jesus the honor that's that he's worthy of. He gives him public recognition. So his approach is perfect, church. His approach is perfect. And Jesus said unto him, "Why callst thou me good? There is none good but one that is God. Jesus is testing his revelation. Are you just talking to me or do you really mean what you say? He says, "Thou knowest the commandments. Do not commit adultery. Do not kill. Do not steal. Do not bear false witness. Defraud not. Honor thy father and mother." And he answered and said unto him, "Master, all these have I observed from my youth." Now church, Jesus never challenges him on what he said there. Jesus takes him at his word. We could say Jesus believes him. Jesus, knowing all things, does not go into his life and say anything to him. He leaves it right there. He accepts it at face value. He takes it. Amen. But remember, church, we're dealing with the spirit of truth. And so, the spirit of truth is not here just to pat us on our back and say, "Good boy, good girl. You've done such a good job." But the spirit of truth is there to lead us to eternal life. And when you come to the spirit of truth, it's going to tell the truth. It can't do anything other than that. Amen. Why? Because the Holy Spirit is sent to prepare a bride for a wedding. And before she can be married, she's got to meet his requirements. He's got to be able to look at her and say, "Well done. You're exactly what I anticipated. You're exactly what I was looking for." Amen. We've got to meet his approval, not our approval. We're in a world today where self approval is the only thing that seems to matter. church. It's his approval or it's none. Our approval gets us nowhere. Now watch this. Jesus beholding him loved him. And he said unto him, "One thing thou lackest." Jesus never said what he said to this man to anyone else. Why? It's an individual affair and it's personal. Listen, God may cause brother Chad to give up something he never calls me to give up. You young women may not have to give up what sister Morin and Sister Brenda gave up because you're born into this message in terms of the acceptance of it and these different things. Listen, some of us are going to have to pay prices that others don't. But it's for our good. It's always for our good. Amen. Jesus said one thing thou lackest. This is your issue. This is why you don't have peace. He says go thy well way sell whatsoever thou hast and give it to the poor and thou shalt have treasure in heaven and come take up the cross and follow me. Jesus did not say sell all that thou have give it to the poor take up your cross and follow me. That's not what he said. He said, "Sell all that thou hast give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and take up thy cross, and follow me." See, church, God God doesn't just take take take take. Sometimes it might seem that we go through dark seasons. We go through valleys. And it seems like all he's doing is taking and taking, taking. Seems like all we're doing is taking punches and giving this up and giving that up. and everyone's getting what they need and we're not getting what we need, it seems. But he never said, "Give everything you've got and take nothing." He didn't say, "Give everything you've got and take up your burden." He said, "Give everything you've got. I'll give you something in the future. Now take up your cross." What was he doing, church? He was challenging his words with action. He was saying, "Let's put your faith where your mouth is. Let's put your question into the sincerity bank and see if it cashes out. Do you really mean what you're asking? Are you really wanting eternal life or are you just wanting me to pat you on the back? Are you just wanting me to affirm everything you've done so far? Listen, church, he had a question. He couldn't even affirm himself. Why was he looking for Jesus to do it? He needed something settled in his heart. He was challenging this young man to put his revelation into action. How faithful obedience to the word for himself. That's what he was looking for. But look at his response. And he was sad at that saying and went away grieved for he had great possessions. He valued what he had more than what he could get. Now, we look at that young man and we see he's in the same condition as those Pharisees and those Sadducees and those hypocrites. His mouth was saying all the right things and the surface of that man was perfect Christian. We'd love to have a man like that in our churches. We would say did everything right, said everything right, dependable, generous, kind, polite, a great churchgoer, a great benchwarmer, lots of tithes and offerings. But when God got personal with him, he turned it down. The price was too great. Amen. And what do we see? His talk was cheaper than his value for his eternal life. He couldn't put the two together. Amen. As soon as that word of God made him uncomfortable, as soon as that word of God made him common, he's like everyone else. church. We go to school. We get our careers. We make our money. We have our looks. I'm not talking about me. I'm spreading this out over the church clearly. We all have something we think's of great value. And you know what God will do? He'll say, "Lay it down. Become like the rest of him." When you look at Jesus followers, what does he have? fisherman, ignorant, unlearned, uncouy, stinky, and sweaty. And this rich young ruler in his perfect robes with all of his money, bathed every day, no doubt. Had the mo the the best smelling cologne that money could buy, had a wonderful bed to go to sleep on every night, air conditioned house. And he says, "Come here and identify yourself with a bunch of commoners." Sometimes that's the hardest thing. Be like everyone else. Lose your identity. Lose what makes you different. Lose your comfort. Lose your superiority. He had everything, church. And Jesus said, "Lay it down and come be like the rest of us." Why? Because there's something waiting that's much better than what you have here, son. And what did he do? He said, 'I'd too much. Scripture says he went away grieved. And the meaning of that original word is a cloud came over his face. Now, have you ever seen somebody crestfallen? Maybe you've seen it with your children when they're opening a gift and they think it's going to be one thing that's really great and they open it up and it's socks and underwear and they kind of smile, but their face goes crestfallen, doesn't it? because it's not what they're expecting. But this is beyond crestfallen. It's it's like a stormy cloud came over him. He wasn't just gloomy. He was sullen. He wasn't happy with how he'd been put in a box and it didn't work out for him. Amen. He was like a storm cloud now. Dark, forbidding. You wouldn't want to be around him after this conversation. In other words, amen. He didn't leave in a good move. He got He was He thought he was going to get an answer that let him keep his lifestyle and take him into eternal life. What was he expecting? He was expecting I can add to what I have, not lose what I've got. Amen. Jesus said, "Lay your lifestyle down completely. Come follow me and I'll give you something you've never expected in the end." He knew so much, church. He acted so well. He talked so well, but when the word of God came his way for him personally, he said, "Sorry, not interested." It's a shame, you know, David had given him instruction in the Psalms by the Holy Spirit. Psalms 119 says this, "Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way?" It says, "By taking heed thereof according to thy word." Says, "How shall a young man cleanse his way?" How shall a young man make his way clean? To make it pure, make it clear, make it blameless. In other words, how can a young man live a blameless life? And it doesn't just apply to young men. It applies to all of us. He says by taking heed thereto. And the root of heed is hedge. And it means literally by building a hedge around his way according to what? Thy word. By building a hedge around his life of the word of God. It's not by going out and and applying Dave Ramsey's money management principles. Not by reading Dale Carnegy's seven ways to influence people and make friends. It's not by going to church. Those are all good things perhaps, but that's not how we have a life that's pleasing to God. He says you've got to build a hedge around it. Now, we don't have a lot about hedges here in Newfoundland, and these days they're kind of a thing of the past. You know, mostly they're decorative shrubbing that's around the perimeter of a property or something, but it's not something that's constant. But in the old days, hedges were used everywhere and they were used to protect a road. And this is one that they have over in the UK if I'm not mistaken. I just grabbed it off of the internet, but they were used as a protection. And the main thing was to keep it clear for what? For animals, for one thing, but two, to keep people off that you didn't want on it. It was to maintain your property boundaries as well. Hedges were there to protect something of value. And so they put up these hedges. And you look at something like that, you look how thick it is. You look at how tall it is. You can't climb over it. Going through it, you're going to get real uncomfortable. And actually here, it's not just about hedges, but it's it means thorny hedges. In other words, surround your life with the word that's so prickly and hard for enemies to go through it that they just don't try and get through anymore. They completely give it up. Amen. We look at that hedge there and I tell you this, I wouldn't want to go through it. I wouldn't even want to go through it when it occur because it's thick. It's woven tight. Everything's That's the way a hedge works. It's not just individual strands, but it's all interwoven. It's like a fabric that's on the side of the road. It's like an armored tree fabric that's around the sides of the road to keep everything out that you don't want to. And they can only come in by the gates that you open up. Okay? Now, the Holy Spirit speaking through David says, "Protect your life's way with a hedge of the word of God. Make it tight. Make it thick." Amen. Now, you look at that hedge. Did that grow up overnight. How effective was that hedge when they first planted it, do you think? Because you don't plant a hedge this tall. You got to plant it and you got to commit to it. You got to cultivate it. You got to work it. You got to commit to having a hedge to get a hedge. You got to build line upon line, word upon word word. You can't just say, "I believe the word and go." No, you got to commit to it. You got to apply it to your life. Every part of it. Amen. If you want it to work, you got to apply it. You got to commit to it every step of the road that you're on. Otherwise, anyone can get in anywhere. Amen. What if you have a place where you didn't plant a hedge? I found a picture and you see there to the left and to the right is a hedge. But what did they do in the middle church? They said, "I'll just plant a couple trees." You know why? Cuz they're easy. But look at there. How do you think those trees would work to stop someone come from coming through? The right side, the left side, that's real hedges. But in the middle there and those trees, I don't care how big they are, you're going to be able to push through them, aren't you? Anything can get through those trees. If it has even a little bit of inclination to get through, a person can get through there. Robbers, thieves, a cow, whatever. It's just going to push right through that. It's not even going to slow it down. And so, what do you have? You have a weak link now in the hedge because you've decided you didn't need to fill up that gap. Amen. And you can get a stream of people through there, stream of animals. Once they figure out where your weakness is, they just start rolling through it anytime, day and night. Why? Cuz we didn't commit to the hedge. We didn't commit to protecting our way that we're told we were supposed to do it. You know who has to guard that church? If the hedge doesn't guard it, who's left? This little guy. And let me tell you, he ain't good enough to do it. That's why we needed the word in the first place. Amen. If I'm guarding my road, it's because I haven't applied the word. And the word's the only thing that's going to protect me. And so now I've got to stand there and guard that day and night. And you know what that means? I can't move on cuz I've got holes in my past. I've got chinks in my armor that I haven't closed up. And so now I'm too busy trying to figure out where all these animals are coming from. How'd these people get on my property? because I didn't put a hedge around my life according to the word. What's the solution to this, church? Commit yourself to doing the hedge. Go back and do the harder work. Commit yourself to applying the word to your life. Amen. For every stage of your life, to every circumstance, church, it's never too late to do the right thing. When it comes to a believer, it's never too late to go back to the word. It's never too late to say, "I can close that up if I'll just take the word." Amen. David will continue in Psalms 119. He says, "With my whole heart, a whole heart that is seeking will always apply the word of God." He says, "With my whole heart have I sought thee. Oh, let me not wander from what? Thy commandments." doesn't say, "Let me not wander from my thoughts, my ideas, my desires." It says, "From thy commandments." And he confirms it. Thy word have I hid in mine heart that I might not sin against thee. So, how do we know that we've given God the preeminence, church? How do we know that? With our whole heart, we're seeking him. Thy word have I hid in my heart. Amen. The word has the preeminence. And how do we know that? We put it into action in our lives. Amen. No matter the cost, no matter the consequences, no matter the hardship, no matter the discomfort. Amen. No matter the separation, no matter the hurt, no matter the struggle, we'll apply the word. We'll take it over everything else. We're going to see that as we go through tonight. Brother Brown would say this. He says, "That's the only way you can do a right kind of a job for the Lord is to put everything you got right to the forefront for Christ. Excuse me. all your strength, all your soul, all your heart, all your mind, everything you've got. He says, when you're doing anything, do it right or don't do it at all. See, just leave it alone. If you're going to be a Christian, put everything you've got to Christ. He says, that's your time, your talent, your everything. Now, I'll tell you what, most of us are pretty good at talent. Yeah, I'll use it for the Lord. We've got people up here song leading. We got people up here playing music. We've got people that are preaching. We got people serving offices. We got people that are cleaning. We got people that are helping. We've got all those things. We got all that talent. We got people working jobs. We got people paying tithe. But what about your time? That's the killer these days, church, cuz Satan can fill our time faster than we can shake our heads. That's what he's trying to do. Fill our time. He says, "That's your time, your talent, your everything." Now, we ended the last service with this quote, and we're we're we're really getting to rubber meets the road here where we're getting personal. I want to read it one more time as we set up for this the last portion of the service this morning, this evening. He says, "What can you give?" God will receive what you'll give, but God wants all of you. He wants every bit of you. He wants all. He wants everything you are. He wants your life. He wants your testimony. And that's really where we're going to go tonight. He wants your testimony. He wants every minute you live. God help us. He says he wants you to live right, act right, talk right, do right. He wants everything perfectly surrendered to him for what purpose? That he can lead you and guide you and put you into the places he want where he wants you to go. You'll be led of the spirit. Where does he want us to go, church? That's really the question I've got for us tonight. Where does God want us to go? Where's he taking us? What should we be looking for? What are we to be expecting of where God's taking us? Is anybody else interested in that? I want to know where God's taking us. Me and Brother Joe. Good. We'll continue. We've got a we've got a quorum of two here tonight. I want to know what God has for me. The lovely thing is we've got something that tells us exactly what he has for us. Amen. I want to know what he has for me. I still think this is one of the most beautiful scriptures to any believer. He says this in Jeremiah, for I Jeremiah, for I know the thoughts that I think towards you, sayeth the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Church, that's a very strange thing to say. Why does he just say thoughts of peace to give you an expected end? Why does he say and not of evil? Because sometimes it's going to look like evil. It's going to start out looking like it's a bad thing for you. It's going to start out looking like it's Satan working in your life, not God working in your life. It's going to look like pain and hurt and suffering and separation and hardship and sleepless nights and poor health. Why? Cuz he wants your testimony. Amen. He says, "Then shall ye call upon me, and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you." Look at Joseph. We're going to preach on Joseph in a couple weeks. Look at Joseph. Thoughts of peace and not of evil. And all he had was a continuous downward slide in a harder and harder life. Amen. All for what? To give him his promised end. Amen. He says, "And you shall seek me and find me when ye shall search for me." How? With all your heart. Church, do we have a part to play? We've got a part to play. The answer is yes. We've got a part to play. He's looking for a people that will search for him with all their heart. What's he pointing to? He's pointing to a place where Christ would have the preeminence. with our whole heart. We're seeking where our hearts would finally agree with our mouths. He's had the mouths for a long time. It's the hearts he's looking for for a people that'll seek after him with everything that's inside. And God would look at us and he say they're pure because their heart and their mouth both say the same thing. They line up with the word of God. How do we get there? Cleanse our way. Build a hedge of the word around our life. Amen. Spiritled according to the word. Paul would say this. He says, "All scripture, the word is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness." Church, this word will do a lot for you. It'll do a lot for you. It'll take you far, but you got to accept it for all that it offers. Sometimes we're coming looking for encouragement, and we really need the the correction more than we need the encouragement that morning. Sometimes we're so hard on ourselves, we can't receive the encouragement. Sometimes we're looking at the wrong thing and we don't see ourselves and so he's got to lift us up. But I'll tell you this, it has a job that it's supposed to do. And that job is in verse 17. That the man of God may be perfect. That word perfect means complete, adequate, or sufficient to the task. In other words, when God's done with you, you'll be able to do what he's put to your account. You'll be able to finish the work that he's assigned to your name. He says that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. In other words, we'll be matched to what we're supposed to do. Whatever he's required of us is how he'll have built us. Amen. will be built exactly for what he's got in store for us. And we're going to see that tonight, church. I'm telling you here tonight. I'm I'm jumping to the punchline. There's more to you than meets the eye. There's more to you than you think. And we'll see what God does to those that he has a high estimation of. Amen. And I was listening. Sorry. Let me read this one more thing. Amen. He says, "What? That he may be thoroughly furnished unto all good works." What are good works? Jesus said, "There's only one good, and that's God." So that means God's works, the father's business is the only thing that he's looking for us in our lives. Amen. God's got good thoughts towards us. Look at Ephesians. It says, "For we are his workmanship, created in Christ, his workmanship." Who's making this happen? It ain't me. It ain't you. It's him. He's the one that's making this happen. We are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God had before ordained that we should walk in them. Amen. God's got good thoughts towards us. We are his good thoughts. Amen. And his intention is that we should continue the very works of Christ to fulfill the word of God for our day. But what does this look like? Because this is where it all comes down to it. You say, "Do I have the Holy Ghost? How am I going to know? How do I know the spirit of God is working in my life? How do I know I'm a part of this end time bride? How do I know that he really has me as his child? I heard this this on Sunday. I heard this quote on Sunday and it was so beautiful, but it's not for the faint of heart either. Amen. Are you with me this evening? It's not for the faint of heart. The prophet of God is talking, this is in the Ephesian church age, and he's talking about the seven golden candlesticks. So that's the gentile church ages. seven gentile churches, the gentile bride out of the last 2,000 years. And he says this, he says, "The true church of Jesus Christ, the bride, is likened to pure gold. Her righteousness is his righteousness. Her attributes are his own glorious attributes. Her identity is found in him. What he is, she is to reflect." He says, "What he has, she is to manifest. He said there is no fault in her. Hallelujah. Perfect, thoroughly furnished, meeting his approval, sufficient to the task. Amen. Holy, unbelievable, unreprovable. That's what we read last service. If you remember, he says, "She is all glorious within and without." In other words, she is not a surface believer, but from the outside in, everything is the same quality and it's pure gold. He said, "From beginning to ending, she is the work of her Lord and all his works are perfect." I want you to say this this evening. I am perfect. I am perfect. Why? Because all his works are perfect. When you wake up in the morning, tomorrow morning, if you dare look in the mirror, look in the mirror and say, "You are perfect." That's a way to start your morning. That'll wake you up. I am perfect. Sister Nikki is going to do it. I can tell she's nodding her head. She's got it. Church is better than saying, "I'm a no good whatever that Satan's trying to pin on you." Say, "I am perfect because he says I'm perfect." Amen. It's not you saying it, it's him saying it. We're just repeating his word back to him. Amen. God loves for us to do that. He said, "From beginning to ending, she is the work of her Lord and all his works are perfect." In fact, in fact, in her is summed up and manifested the eternal wisdom and purpose of God in you is summed up the eternal wisdom and purpose of God. How can one fathom it? We can't. We're sitting here dumbfounded tonight. He said, "How can one understand it? Though we cannot do that, yet we accept it by faith for God has spoken it. I say hallelujah. But I want you to see how did she come to this place. How many here wants to be what this says? How many of what this thing says? All right, get ready for part two. Not only is the candlestick of gold, it is of Uhoh. I always do this to you, don't I? I get you hyped and then I tell you, you are of beaten gold. Handcrafted of beaten gold according to her blueprints which were spirit given. Church, have you noticed this? That things today don't last. Why is it? because they're always made by the lowest bidder in the most god-forsaken corner of the earth with no real intentions towards quality or longevity. You know what lasts? Things that are handbuilt, that are perfected, that are built for purpose exactly according to spec with no concern for cost nor time. You know what? Since I became a preacher, things that I used to have last a long time don't last anymore. I used to only wear dress shoes if I was on deacon duty or if I was preaching. So, not very often. And guess what? I could go to spring in the mall and pay $60 for a pair of shoes and they'd last me five or six years. You know how long they last when I wear them? a couple times a week for hours on end sweating into them months. They're not suited for the purpose. They're for the occasional shoe wearer. So, what do I do now? Now, now I don't I can't afford handbuilt shoes, don't get me wrong, but what do I do? I now buy shoes that are real leather, not pleather made in Taiwan or China by a small child at a machine in a stinky factory. Now I buy good American shoes built from long lasting materials. Shoes that can be rebuilt if I wear the soles out cuz the rest of it's good. The dayto-day may wear it out the bottoms but the rest of that shoe will last me a lifetime as long as I don't get fat. Okay. What is it? Handmade is where the quality is. And God has a bride that is his workmanship. Not sent off to China. Not given to somebody who gave him the lowest bid. He says this is too important. This is one of one. This is limited edition. There's one and done. I've got a maker. So we are handcrafted of beaten gold. Amen. He says, "Outside of her Lord and Master Jesus Christ, was ever a people so beaten and purged as the bride of Jesus Christ." And we all said, "Praise the Lord, Brother John." No. He says, "Surely she is filling up the sufferings that Christ has left behind." Now, he's talking the Ephesian church age where they literally were beaten. They literally were killed. They literally were destroyed. But don't think for a second we're not going through the same thing in a different realm. He says her goods are desoiled. Her life is in jeopardy. She's accounted as sheep for the slaughter. She's killed all the day long. She suffers much, but in it all retaliates not. Neither does she cause others to suffer. He said, "Worthy of the gospel is this lovely bride of Christ. And as gold is malleable, you can take I believe the something like an ounce of gold and it is malleable. You know what malleable means? When a metal is malleable, it means you can stretch it without it breaking. Copper is very malleable. But the most malleable of all is gold. You can take, I believe, 1 ounce of gold and stretch it something like six kilometers in a wire before it breaks. That's how much it can be stretched, without breaking. That's how much church you can take without snapping. We would think if I was up here and I had a an ounce of gold, an ounce of gold is not that much. And we started stretching, we got to the edge from here to there, you'd say, "Brother John, don't pull on it anymore." Not realizing we can go six kilometers further before we break. Why? Because we're suited to the task that he gives us. Amen. He said, "And as gold is malleable, whereas brass will break with the beating. This gold of God will bear her suffering for the Lord, not bowed, not broken, not destroyed, but formed as a thing of beauty and a joy forever by the Oh, here we go again. The trials and testing of this life." So, I've asked you the question, what does preeminence look like? It looks like applying the word to your life. Let me ask you again. What does preeminence look like? Allowing yourself to be molded and shaped without resentment or bitterness towards the things that our Lord and Savior decides are needed to get you to his finished condition. Amen. I don't know if you've noticed the Christian life is not always one of laughter, ease, enjoyment. Do we have fun all day every day? Nope. Joshua does. God bless him. Enjoy it while you can, brother Joshua. Hey, seriously, enjoy it while you can because it won't always be there. That's for sure. What? It's a life that builds character. Prophet of God says the only thing you're taking with you is your character. Why? because that's his workmanship. It's eternal. It's what he does and it's perfect in our lives. Character is what God's looking for. And we see true Christian character by one thing and one thing alone. Faith in the word of God applied to your life. That's what he's looking for. That's what a believer is, a faithful applier of the word to their life. Amen. It's not just our words. It's our actions. And I want to take one small example tonight and I hope we it'll encourage us. This is the encouraging part. If you haven't been encouraged so far, here it comes. Remember Elijah the prophet had called down judgment on Ahab for his idolatry and for uh causing so much trouble in Israel. And then he God said, "Go to the brook Cherith." He says, "I've made a way for you. I I'll I'll provide for you there." So he went to the brook Cherith and remember the ravens came and they gave him bread and they gave him meat and he drank from the brook Cherith. But after a while, God's provision dried up. The brook Cherith dried up. And look at God's instruction to him now. He says, "And the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Arise, get thee to Zerapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded, I've commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee." I want you to catch how God phrases this. I've never seen this before until I was studying this uh the other night and I had to leave Brother Chad's they had us over for Thanksgiving. I apologize, Brother Chad. We had to leave a bit early cuz I had to go home and study cuz all of a sudden I was preaching Wednesday night so I didn't have all the time to relax like I thought I did. But I was reading this and I had never seen it the way that I saw it yes on on Monday night. He says I've commanded a woman. He didn't just say I have someone there. He says I've commanded a widow woman to sustain you. The original language is I have appointed a widow woman there to sustain you. And I had never seen it that way. Never understood it that way. And I searched high and low through the message and I could only find one reference to it. And I want you to catch this. Here's our encouragement. He says, he said, "I've commanded a widow woman to feed you." He said, "He had already commanded her. She didn't know it." He might have commanded of you a testimony of your healing. You might not know it. But just hang on. When you are sure that you've met all the requirements, when you know that you've done everything that you know to do and laid yourself before God, there's only one thing to do is hang on to his promise. Then see, so often what we're doing is we're hanging on to the promise until we've done everything we can and nothing happens and we say, "Well, that's it." No, that's when his promise can work. Amen. When when your your skill runs out, when your strength runs out, when your patience runs out, when your discipline runs out, when your whatever it is that you've been getting through all of this trial, when that runs out, he says, "Then hang on to his promise." When you're at the end of yourself, cling to him. That's the only way you're going to get through it. Amen. I want you to see this. He says, "Stay there." God promised to answer. He'll do it. You don't know what he's commanded, what angel or what to do it. It may be this night before the healing service starts tomorrow night. God might have seen your condition today. He might have heard your prayer. I want you to see the kind of people that God ordains, that God appoints, that God commands. I want you to see the kind of people that God chooses. And church, they don't realize it until everything is said and done. That's our problem is we can only see through a glass darkly. We only see what's in front of us. We only see what our five senses tell us. We only see maybe what our inner five senses can reason out or remember to get us to some sort of a conclusion. We can be so blind to the supernatural because we're completely encompassed by the natural. But God's trying to elevate our sights. He's trying to elevate our faith to as a super as a super sense to look beyond what these five senses are screaming at us to say there's more to this than you realize. Listen to this. He says how that this little woman must have been of the caliber of Elijah. I say hallelujah tonight. What? That you can be of the same caliber as William Brham. Did you hear Did you hear what I just said? what the message comes to somebody that's of the same caliber of the one that gives it because he's got to have a giver but he's got to have a receiver of the same caliber for this to work. Amen. He says because usually your action shows what you are. And again, she had been chosen to entertain God's prophet. Remember, she was a gentile, not a Jew. For we see that God would not have called to her if she hadn't been a worthy one to entertain God's prophet. He said, "For he never would have sent his prophet to a house that was unworthy. It was not his choosing. It was God's choosing." It wasn't her bidding him. It was God bidding him. He had been placed by a brook. The ravens were feeding him. But it was God's command for something to take place. And God surely went to a believer of the same nature of Elijah. We're talking about highc caliber people. Now, high caliber has two meanings. In guns, it means uh large caliber, big caliber, something that's got to hit a lot of uh uh destructive power. But when it comes to people, high caliber means they are of the highest quality, of the highest uh endurance and strength and longevity. They're the real deal. Do you ever buy something off of Teimu or Amazon and it looks so good in the pictures and when you got it, it wasn't what you expected? Guess what? God doesn't get his believers off Teeu and Amazon. They're high caliber. They're the real deal. Amen. Remember, we're talking about preeminence here. But let's look at her condition. Amen. Let's look at this woman. Because we think we're weak. We think we're insufficient. We think we're nothing. We think we don't have what he's looking for. Why? Because of our circumstances. Because of our heavy circumstances. We say, "If I was a better believer, I wouldn't have to deal with this or I wouldn't be struggling with this or I wouldn't be hurt by this or I wouldn't be bitter about this." But church, he knows the caliber that's under there. He's just beating you to get it out. He knows there's something inside that he can get out if you'll just go through the process. Amen. Church, the rapture revelation is we know who we are. God already does. He's trying to get us to see what he sees. Remember church, this woman is a widow. She's a single mom. She has nobody to help. She has nobody to sustain her. She has to do everything for herself. And that alone would destroy many people. It would drive them into a relationship they ought not to be in. It would drive them into selling their body. It would drive them into theft, whatever it might be, to make ends meet, to take care of their child. But she stays faithful through all of this. Abraham says it this way. He says, "This poor little woman, she knew that he was God." Can you say that this evening? I know he's God. That ought to be our testimony. He says, "And as that barrel went down, down, down, down, circumstances got worse and worse all the time." He says, "But God was letting it get that way." He just loves to do that. He loves to put your faith to a test to see how you'll act on it. Let you be anointed and praying for it and make you worse. Said, "Come on, Satan. Put him to the test. I know he believes me." He says, "Bless God forever." Oh my. Put him to a test now. I know he took my word for it. He says, "Could he say that about you?" This is a woman that has enough flour, meal, it calls it in the scripture, and enough oil to make one little loaf of bread for her son and her. That's it. She's watched her supplies dwindle day after day, week after week, month after month. There's no money coming in. Everything she got is coming down to one little cruise of oil and one little thing of meal, and that's it. and she knows he's God. And it's getting worse and worse and more dire and more dire and closer and closer and closer to her death and that of her son and she still knows he's God. Church, let me say it this way. Sometimes God will let you get down to your last nerve. Your last bit of health, your last bit of patience, your last bit of service, your last bit of love, your last bit of faith, your last bit of joy, just to see what you do when you're standing on the edge and saying, "What next?" And you see no end in sight, no doors opening, no provision coming your way. Why? because he knows we're a high caliber people. He knows what you're made out of. He knows we'll do what he requires. He knows we'll make the right decision. Amen. Sometimes he'll get us to the place where we're staring at our need and everything we've applied against it hasn't met the need and we've got a stark reality that we're going to hit rock bottom in the next day or two. What do we do? And you know what he does? He sent somebody there to take that last little bit that we've been relying on to get us through this last little bit. He said, "What was it?" God works on both ends of the line. Church, Elijah's need and the widow's need are the exact same thing. Elijah's hungry. She's hungry. Elijah's got no food. She's running out of food. He has nothing in sight. He's got to walk the entire way to her house without food. She's at least had a meal every day. Small, but she's had one. He's had nothing since he's walked from the brook Cherith to this lady's house. They have the exact same need, church. And she's done everything she can to supply it. And now God's coming with somebody to take away that last little bit she's done for herself. Out of options. God had showed Elijah a vision. Go down into the city for I've commanded not the ravens this time to feed you. But I've commanded a widow woman to sustain you. And took him to the poorest of the poors. And she didn't even have enough meal in the barrel for her and her son to live that day. But I've commanded I've ordained it. Blessed be the name of the Lord. When God ordains anything, it's got to happen. It'll be there. God will meet it. Church, think of Elijah when he's coming here. And you'd think that God would send him to the rich house. Where it's not going to be a burden, where there's plenty, where they've had plenty of money to take him through. He sends him to the poorest of the poors. This woman is crying out to God, seeking an answer for the hunger that she's about to face. And what does God send her? Someone that's even more hungry than she is. [Music] Church, do you understand why we need to be building a hedge of the word around our life? So that we understand when these things happen, it ain't Satan. It's God refining his bride. It's God showing who she is. It's God proving she has what it takes. Amen. He says, "So he arose and went to Zerapath." Listen, that was no small deal for him to go. He's got a long journey to go with no ravens to sustain him. He's going to have to go on his fat. And he probably didn't have a whole lot of it. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks. And he called to her, and he said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel that I may drink." And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her and said, "Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." Church, this is the test of preeminence. God sends us a dilemma. If we didn't know the ending, we'd say this is unfair. God, there are people that have way more than this woman. Why are you going to her? But remember, church, he wants everything. He wants your testimony. Amen. Today we can look at our lives and we can say how come I'm the only one dealing with this. Hey, look around. Sickness, hardship, finances, school, job situations. Not everybody's got it all they're dealing with, but all of us have different things we're dealing with. Amen. And we can say, "Lord, why me? I'm doing everything I can for you. Why me? I've given everything I've got. Lord, why me? Just trying to do what you want me to do. Lord, why me? Church, that's when we've got to remember, I have good thoughts toward you, of peace, not of evil, to bring you to an expected end. That's why we need that hedge to keep us in the right mindset. Amen. We ought to have faith that God's controlling all things. Listen to her response. And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruise, and behold, I'm gathering two sticks that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it and die." She throws this right back at him. She says, "You think you got needs? We got needs. I got a son. I got a little bit of food. We're going to make a bit of bread. We're going to eat it today, and then we're going to lay down. We're going to die together. Do you really want to take the the food out of my son's mouth and out of my mouth? Do you want to kill us a day earlier than we would have died? That's what she's saying here. She's saying, "Do you realize what you're asking of me? How do you think he felt?" Because the Lord has said, "This is the woman." And then he realizes her condition and he's saying, "I'll just maybe go ask somebody else." No, he can't do it. He's a prophet. He's got to go where God takes him. And God has said, "This is the woman." So, he has to push through his own inhibitions now, his own mercy and grace, if I could put it that way, his desire to help her rather than hurt her to be obedient to the word. Church, see, they're both in a test of preeminence. One, will you trust God? The other, will you obey God? Amen. Are you with me tonight? And Elijah said unto her, "Fear not." I love that God always says that. You'll find time and time again God calls you to do a hard thing. What is the first thing he says? Fear not. Don't worry about it. He says, "Go and do as thou hast said, but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and thy son." Elijah says, "Feed me, then feed you." But she's already made it clear. There ain't enough for all of us, bud. If I feed you, I ain't feeding me. Here comes the test of preeminence to the believer. Brother Ram says, "What do we hear then next? But fetch me a little cake first." He says, "God first." No matter what anybody else says, what anything else, what any evidence, how gloomy it looks, whatever it might may be, take God first. His word first. Doctor said, "I can't get well." But his word first. I'm too much of a sinner. I'm a prostitute. I'm a gambler. I'm a drunkard. God's word first. Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow, red like crimson. They'll be white like wool. He says, "First, God." He says, "Go bring me a little cake first. All that you've got, bring it to me." He says, "Are you willing to give it into my hands, my life, all that I am, I'm 50 years old. Are you willing, William Brandham, to lay it to me? Are you willing, your little children, to lay your life to me? Are you willing? Can you do it, sick people? Can you trust me? Put me first." She looked at him. There was something told her that that man knew what he was talking about. He said, "God knows his own. My sheep know my voice. They know whether it's scripture or not, whether it's right or not." Church, can you imagine? She's been crying out to God days, weeks, maybe months. Lord, help me. Lord, provide for me. Lord, I need flour. Lord, I need oil. Lord, we're going to die if you don't help. Lord, help. Lord, you know I'm your servant. Lord, you know I'm sincere. Lord, you know I go to church. Lord, you know I pay my ties. Lord, you know I'm doing everything for you that I can. Will you help me? And all she's seen is things go down, down, down. And now somebody comes and says, "Give me what you've got left. Take away any bit of insurance you've got. Take away any bit of comfort you got. Take away any hope you've got and give it to me." Church, her prayer request is standing before her with the answer. And the answer is give me everything you've got. Now she's in a moral dilemma. Remember, she's a child of God. God had appointed her for a testimony. How many people here want a testimony tonight? Even brother Joe won't raise his hand to that one because a testimony always requires a test. I can't tell you how happy I am that I'm not in university anymore because nobody likes tests. The stress that hangs over you, the anxiety that's there. My son's going through it. Brother Garfield's going through it. Our kids in school tests. Nobody says, "I just I just hope the teacher gives us a test today." But this is God's way of working. It's God's way of proving you're ready for the next chapter. Amen. God knew she'd make the right choice. Listen to this. He continues, "For thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruise of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth." Church, this is no less different, no different than what the young rich young ruler had. Give and I'll give. Let go and I'll pour in. Pressed down, shaken together, pouring out. I'll give you more than you got, but you got to give before I can give. You got to let go so I can put something else into your hands. And here's the showdown, church. She can take care of herself for one more day. She can take care of her son for one more day. With all her logic, with all her region, with reason, with all her strength, she can live for that extra day. or she can give the word of God the preeminence and make it all the way through. But she's got to have faith to take that final step to lay down the last shred of hope that she has in faith. That's what the preeminence is going to be. Amen. Without any proof up front that she's going to get what this man says, church, she doesn't know Elijah. She's never met Elijah. He's never met her. They are total strangers. But he's giving her thus saith the Lord. Amen. What would you do? What do you do? I love this. I cried. She turns in obedience. He said, "That's what you've got to do." And when she turned to obey what the prophet said do, then came the thunder from heaven that every man looks to hear. For there came a thunder out of the voice of the prophet that every sinner and every sick person longs to hear. Thus saith the Lord. He said, "How we long to hear that? How that people sit in my driveway and say, "Come to this door. My daughter's in such my baby, my solo. Just say the word. He said, how can you say it before it's in your mouth? You be saying it yourself, but they long to hear that. Thus saith the Lord. I've never known this struggle that comes until I became a pastor. church, I've got no great gift of healing or faith like some do. But I've got a flock that God's given me. And when I see the hardships you face, when I see the struggles you face, when I see the health that is broken so many times, when I see children that are away, when I see family situations, when I see people that are down, people that are are just keep slipping, and what do I do? I want to go and give them a word. But that's me and my humanity. Brother Grant and I have talked about this. You hear somebody sick and they just can't seem to get past it. You want to go over and you want to cast that thing off them right then and there. And I have done that. But there's a sovereignty in it that I can't force. God has a time. God has a way. God has a season. And it's his choosing. Certainly not mine and certainly not yours. But that's what he's saying. He's saying, "I would want to do this, but I can't do it." He said, "But when she turned in obedience, she heard what we all long to hear. Thus saith the Lord." Amen. He says, "And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah." Church, that's the test. Will you do what he says without proof that he'll do what he says? That's what faith is. To call those things that are not as though they are and to act on it. Amen. The perfect rich young re ruler couldn't do it, but this little single mother could. That's why I don't dwell too much on how people look. It's when things get tough that's when we find out who's really a believer. He says there it came across the fence because she was obeying and the gloom broke. Hallelujah. Church, when the rich young ruler heard thus sayeth the Lord, gloom came down. Why? Because he wouldn't accept it. Now she in her gloom accepts the word and what happens? The gloom breaks. Thus saith the Lord, the barrel will not go empty, nor the crews run dry until the day that the Lord God sends rain on the earth. He says, "Oh, what a consolation. She made the cake. She gave it to the prophet. She went back and made some for her son and herself. and they ate and drank with plenty upon the earth. Can you imagine, church? She pours it all out. She makes the cake. She bakes it. She knows beyond a shadow of a doubt there's nothing left in the cruise of oil and there's no meal in the barrel. She knows it's gone. She goes and she gives him the cake, watches him eat it, and then she goes back in. Can you imagine when she goes and she looks in and she scoops up more flour and then she goes to pour the oil and oil comes out. Hallelujah. You talk about a revival. You talk about a consolation church. Why? She gave the word the preeminence it deserved. She said, "I'll do what you say, though it slay me. Though it hurt me, though it break me, though I sacrifice my own family on the altar of your word, I'll do it because I believe you'll raise us up again. That's the royal seed of Abraham, church. That's what we're talking about here tonight. Where did it come from? How did it get there? Scientifically, tell me where that meal came from. Where did that oil come from? How did it get in that cruise? She had poured it dry every morning. She emptied the meal barrel every morning and it was dry. But when she went back for more, it was there. Where did it come from? Where did it come from, church? Here's where it come from. Take God at his word. Be certain of God. He's the creator. You might have lost your health. You might have lost your fellowship. Take him at his word. Be certain that he's God. Catch this now. The gloomy times that's looking now may not look so gloomy if you'll just take his word and be certain that he's God. Let me say it this way, church. You're never going to experience the supernatural if you keep holding on to the natural. Not going to happen. You won't let go and let God have his way. You can't experience the eternal if you're just grasping the temporal all the time. Amen. This woman was no doubt praying and seeking God for a long, long time. And ultimately, she couldn't make it work. She did everything she could. Listen, I remember when my father left and he didn't have a whole lot of income coming in and mom's there with five kids and she's working and working and working and we didn't have a whole lot of money. Church, she did everything she could to stretch 10 cents into a dollar. And I've seen her do it. I've seen her do it. This woman was like that. But in the end, she still couldn't save herself. She couldn't save her son. Amen. And when she realized that, church, that's when she gave the word the preeminence. Her heart was right the whole time, but she was doing everything she could do. Remember what brother Bram says? When you've come to everything you can do, he says, "Then hang on to God and his word." She had nothing left to hang on to. All her skill in stretching out those those groceries to to make the meals and keep them there. Amen. And God put her to a test. He says, "Will you stay your way or will you let me provide like I've been trying to do? Will you let me give you a testimony, daughter?" How? He gave her a message from a prophet. A gentile woman got a message from a prophet that would answer her prayer if she'd only let him do it. Listen to this. The barrel of meal wasted nothing. It didn't go dry. It didn't run out and it didn't get weevils in it. She had flour until the drought was over. Neither did the crews of oil fail according to the word of the Lord which he spoke by Elijah. See, remember my thoughts are of peace, not of evil. This sure looked like evil, didn't it? Sending a drought, taking the last morsel of food from her mouth. But in the end, she had more by doing it God's way than she had had the entire time of scrimping and saving and stretching on her own. Church, you can't outgive God. You can't outperform God. You can't give more than he'll give back to you. Amen. For months, it seemed like God's thoughts were of evil. But at the last minute, he came down. He says, "No, it's for peace. I was watching all along. I've got your answer right here." Brother Brown would say this. He says, "If the preacher preaches the word, and the man that receives it, believes it, and acts upon it, something has got to happen. If you're a sinner, you'll have to be saved. If you're sick, you'll have to be healed because God promised it if we are certain of God. And as certain as he is, God has to keep it. God has to keep his word. What's he saying? You can't do this on your own, church. You're going to fail if you try on your own. Amen. You can't do it your way. You can't do it with your own leadership. Can't do it with your own skill. Can't do it with your own discipline. Can't do it with your hands clinging to whatever it is you got your hands on tonight. You're not going to be able to save it. You're not going to be able to preserve it. You're not going to be able to multiply it. It doesn't matter. It's him or nothing. It's giving him the preeminence. Amen. You can't make a rapture on your own. You can't please God on your own. You can't heal yourself. Can't provide for yourself. Can't give yourself peace, joy, love. You can't do anything. It's going to take giving him the preeminence to get those things into our lives. Amen. And what'll happen is it'll come down to a place, and I speak by experience, you'll come to a place where you've driven and you've directed and you've guided and you've used everything you've got, and you'll still be broken down on the side of the road. Why? Because this guy tried to have the preeminence. And like this woman, we're going to have to say, "Lord, I don't want to stay broken down. I don't want to stay hurt. I don't want to stay disappointed. I don't want to stay frustrated. I don't want to stay bitter. I don't want to stay cold. Tell you that. That's one thing I found, church. Self leadership leads to cold relationship. Absolutely it does. Why? Because how can you have relationship with your head if he's not in your head? Amen. And the question we've got to ask ourselves in those moments is who has the preeminence and who ought to have the preeminence? That's where that integrity comes in that we talked about where we look in the mirror and we say, "Lord, take me out of the picture. I'm taking myself out. I want you to have the preeminence." Amen. We do that, God will take care of it. Remember what Jesus said, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness." And all these things, everything we've been clinging to, that's what he was talking about. the things we seek for, the things we fight for, the things we struggle for, the things we worry about. He says, "Give me the preeminence, and I'll take care of all of that. I'll take care of all of that." Brother Brown would say this, and we're closing. I've got one page left. What we need today is not a lot of material things. We have that. This is the most material generation that's ever been. We have more than anybody's ever had terms of uh gadgets and appliances and efficiencies and all these different things. We got tools for everything. Sisters, you barely have to wash a dish or clothing. What you have to do is fold it. And I'll guarantee you there's something out there that'll fold it if you're willing to pay enough money. Brothers, we sit there and computers do most of our work. We just tell them what to do. We're hardly most of us out there sweating except those of us that are blue collar. Brother Matt probably does some sweating. Brother Chad will do some sweating from time to time. Brother Kingsley certainly, but even then you look at what we do and so much is automated. We have so much material things says we have that we don't need greater churches. We don't need greater congregations. We don't need more on radio and on television. We don't need so many more of these things. You want to know what we need? But what we need today to be spiritual is a person that will humble themselves before God if they haven't got a penny and will pray till. Can I challenge your prayer life tonight? Here's a test for our prayer lives tonight. A pe person that will humble themselves before God and will pray till that spirit within them is satisfied with the goodness of God. I've done a lot of things in my life in terms of career, academics, athletics, competitions, and let me tell you, not a one of them gave me satisfaction that lasted. Oh, they felt good for the moment. Not going to pretend they didn't. Youngest ever senior engineer in Lufkin Industries. Youngest ever head of engineering for North America for one company. Multiple winnings employee of the year. Academic scholarships. Won two championships in the lowest league of hockey in Edmonton. The boys found my ring the other day. They said, "Dad, is this worth anything?" I said, "No." But in the moment, scoring the winning goal felt pretty good. Do I ever think about it? Nope. Barely remember it? Only when my boys bring out the ring and then I realize, oh yeah, I scored the winning goal. Whoopde ding dong day, as I used to say. In the moment, it was so great. You know, they are we okay? Can I take a just a couple more minutes here? We're We're closing. The number one golfer in the world is a man named Scotty Sheffler. And he just signed a $400 million contract with Live Golf to play golf. He's won more tournaments a year, I think, than any player has won. He's won every one of the Masters, if I'm not mistaken. And they asked him, they said, "How does it feel to win the Masters?" That's the, you know, they've got four masters tournaments which are the great championships amongst the golf tournaments every year. He said, you know, it's great in the morning, but and people couldn't believe it because to him it was just a fleeting moment. And then the next morning, what do you have to do? get up and do it all over again with no more satisfaction in his heart than he had before he won it. This is the best of the best in golf today. And he said, "There are things that are worth more." And this is what he does for a living. $400 million generational wealth church has made over half a billion dollars in his lifetime playing golf. Okay, guess what? 150 grand a year. It's not going to matter when you get it. 200,000, 300,000, become a VP, become a president, become a CEO, become a the greatest home run hitter, become the greatest goal scorer, beat Alex Ovetchkin and Wayne Gretzky. It won't matter to a child of God. He says, but what? To be spiritual, to find your position as a son of God. says, "Pray till the spirit within you is satisfied with one thing, the goodness of God." And until then, we're going to get into this in the next series into thirsts and things like that. We'll try and we'll fill it with everything. accolades at work, career uh enhancement, promotions, academic achievement, athletic achievement, the thousand pound club, weightlifting, getting a spouse. It won't satisfy if you're a child of God. He says, "Pray till the spirit within you is satisfied with the goodness of God." Number one. Number two, and a revival takes place on the inside of their heart. You say, "I'm satisfied." Church, if you're satisfied, it'll change your outlook. It'll change the way you act. It'll change where you put your time. It'll change where you put your energy. It'll change everything about you when you're satisfied. Because satisfied people don't chase. They have what they're looking for. A revival takes place on the inside of their heart that changes their attitudes and atmosphere that they live in. Can I read that through one more time? What we need today to be spiritual is a person that will humble themselves before God if they haven't got a penny and will pray till that spirit within them is satisfied with the goodness of God. A revival takes place on the inside of their heart that changes their attitudes and atmosphere that they live in. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this evening. You know, I love that. You know, you can't fake an attitude for long. Anybody ever try and fake an attitude? Get up feeling grumpy and try and act chipper and happy. And all it takes is one wrong look, one wrong thing, not quite going the way you want. And what happens? Little Mr. snappy snap comes out or little miss snappy snappy comes out. Amen. Sometimes the biggest thing holding God back is this. Our attitude. Amen. Sometimes it's what we're holding on to and we won't let go. Sometimes the only thing holding us back is the ability for this guy to say, "I was wrong. I went down the wrong road. I made the wrong decision." church. Hey, sometimes we make wrong decisions and we did it in ignorance. Sometimes it's will for ignorance, as in we didn't go check it with God. We didn't go pray. We didn't go check it with his word, but we did it in ignorance. Sometimes we're just stubborn and we want to do a certain thing. We think a certain thing's got to happen. We think if we get a certain thing, it'll make us so much happy. And so, what do we do? We go down there. We've got to come back to that hole in the hedge and say, "Lord, I'm wrong. Let's fill this hole with your word. Sometimes we get fooled. Sometimes we get fooled. But that doesn't mean we just let it go. We got to go back and say, "Lord, can we fix that blind spot in my life?" But I've noticed one thing. God always brings us to a junction where we can make him the preeminent one. God always gives us an opportunity to come back and walk the road with the hedge of the word alongside it. where he's got the preeminence, where he's guiding by his spirit, where he's guiding by his word. And all he's doing is standing there waiting for us to come back to that little hole where we slipped out the side or something slipped in. He's saying, "Let's fix this before we move on, son." And that takes me saying, "I messed up. I missed the spot. I opened a gap up." Amen. What he doesn't do is promise that if we give him one thing, he'll give us that thing back. You'll never find in the scripture where God says, "If you give me your money, I'll give you all your money back." We have a promise for tithes. But listen, he didn't promise us wealth. What he promised us was the fruit of the spirit. What he promised us was his presence. What he promised is his blessing, his covering, his leadership, his guidance, his provision. That the righteous are never forsaken or receive bacon bread. That our needs are provided if we'll give him the preeminence. But what does he have? good thoughts towards us. Hallelujah, church. It's a good thing when God has good thoughts towards us, thoughts of peace to take us to an expected end. In other words, he's a God that'll do what he says he's going to do about you, for you with you. And by the end, you'll come through, as the scripture says, as pure gold. And it'll be more precious to you, those things, than the gold you could have gotten otherwise. Amen. Like that woman, what does he do? He takes it and he says, "Here, it's in your hands. You take it." That's all he wants us to do. Take it, eat it, and see what it'll do for you. And you'll never thirst again for anything else. You'll never hunger again for anything else. Because when you see what this does, it satisfies something that you've been looking for for a very long time. Amen. God bless you this evening. Little serious there at the end, but I hope it encourages you. There's a reason why you go through things that other people may not. He knows what you're made out of. He knows you're high caliber. He knows your quality. He knows you're handmade. He knows you've got what it takes to come through with a testimony that'll glorify him. that other people can see Jesus Christ living in flesh all over again. Amen. God bless you tonight. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, how blessed we are to know your thoughts towards us. Lord, to know that our lives are in your hands, that you have all things in control, that you're working all things for our good. But Lord, I also know sometimes the battle gets real long. The valley gets real deep. Lord, the gloom settles in. But Lord, we saw what broke that gloom was a little bride, a little gentile woman that obeyed the word of the Lord. Lord, it's such a simple thing, this obedience, this simple faith. But Lord, it's what you're requiring in this day is a bride that will take you at your word, that'll trust you completely with everything that she has in her life, including life itself. Lord God, Lord, you see the needs. Lord, you see the glooms that we face. You see the darknesses. You see the struggles. you see the weights and the burdens that we're carrying, Lord God. Lord, but you called us to lay those at your feet and walk with you. Lord, I pray you help us to take you at your word. Lord, help us to get up tomorrow morning and repeat these words back that you spoke to us tonight. I am perfect because he says, I'm perfect, Lord. That your works are perfect, your thoughts are perfect, and we are all of those things. Lord, we are the expression and the manifestation of the wisdom and purpose of God. Help us to remember that tomorrow and the next day and the next day. Lord, we're forgetful hearers. Lord, take your word and engrave it on our hearts. Lord, help us to encourage ourselves in the Lord by your word. Lord, give us a word of praise, a song of praise. Lord, help us to lift your name, Lord. It'll break the gloom, Lord, and it'll get us in an atmosphere, Lord, that'll change our lives. That'll change our situations, Lord. I pray you speak to hearts, Lord. Pray you encourage us to seek after you, Lord. That's all you desire is a person that'll seek. Seek and you'll find. Knock and it'll be opened. Give and it'll be given back. Pressed down, shaken together, running over. Lord, your blessings are wonderful. They're perfect. They're unending. Lord, to a people that will have faith that you'll do what you say. Bless us, Lord, I pray. Lord, I pray for those that are sick tonight. Thank you, Lord, for bringing brother Paul back to us. Lord, I pray your grace, Lord, for Samuel tonight, Lord. You see how miserable he is, Lord. I pray, Lord, even for Biscuit, Lord, with that infection, his swollen nose, Lord. Praying your touch for him as well. Lord, be with us each one. In Jesus Christ's name, we're asking it. Amen. And amen. Let's sing that song, Draw Me Close to You, 794. [Music] Draw me close to you. [Music] Never let me go. I lay it all down again to hear you say that I'm your friend. You are my desire. No one else will do. Nothing else can take your place to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. So draw me close to you. Never let me go. Oh, I lay it all down again. To hear you say that I'm your friend. You are my desire. No one else will do. Nothing else can take your place to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. You're all I want. You're all I've ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. &gt;&gt; Amen. Jehovah Gyra 7:22, my provider. [Music] Jehovah Gyra. My provider, [Music] you are more than enough for me. the Jehovah around. You're my healer. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah, you are with me. will surely all my needs. For you are more than enough. more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah Gyra [Music] my provider. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah [Music] Rafa, you're my healer. For by your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah the shepher you are with me. For you subm [Music] for you are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Amen. We're going to sing that song, More of You. 759. Still the same key, Sister Priscilla. Amen. Before we close in prayer, I'm going to ask who's who opened in prayer? Was it Brother Mark? Brother Vich, I'm going to have you close in prayer tonight if you would. Amen. I'm sorry I kept you longer. My notes were short. My preaching was long. Amen. But I'm trusting the Lord had a purpose in it. Amen. More of you. You can't go wrong with asking for more of God. Prophet God said, "If you've got a desire for more, there's more to be had." Amen. You want a deeper walk with God. You want a greater walk with God. Amen. He's there to supply that need. Amen. As deep call it to the deep, he's there to meet that need. Amen. Remember the needs we've mentioned. Amen. Pray for one another. Amen. Pray for one another. Let the Lord lay somebody on your heart. Amen. Say, "Lord, who is it that needs it most today, this week, and let them put somebody there?" And you pray for them, trusting that somebody's out there praying for you as well. Amen. We sure need each other these days. Let's sing this a couple times, and brother Vichael will close in prayer. more of you. [Music] I need more of you. For I had it all, but what I need is more of you. Of things I have my I feel but yet I hunger still. Oh empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. I want more of you. I want more of you. For I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. of things I've had my will, but yet I hung still. Oh, empty and bare, Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Dear heavenly father, thank you for your word tonight. Lord, thank you for your presence. Lord, help us. Lord, where we have fallen short, Lord, hear our strength when our we when we are weak, Lord. Help us Lord set aside ourselves Lord and meditate on your word Lord and receive your word Lord as you have given it Lord. &gt;&gt; Help us Lord to not get caught up into our weaknesses Lord. Help us to look at your perfection Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; We believe in you Lord. We love your presence Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We pray to you Lord for those who are sick. Lord, &gt;&gt; help sister Kim. Lord, help Samuel. Lord, help them recover. Lord, bring them back. Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for your grace upon them. Lord, thank you for bringing brother Paul back, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. We pray to you, Lord, to please be with each and everyone as we go from here, Lord. Meet each and everyone, Lord, according to their need. Lord, we need more of you. Lord, more of your presence, Lord. Build our faith. Lord, [Music] be with us, Lord. In each and every day, Lord, we pray to you, Lord, for the coming services through Lord. Yes. Yes. Please be here, Lord. Bless brother John to Lord, as you help him prepare, Lord. We love you and welcome you, Lord. We need you. We really need you, Lord. Lord, we praise you. We praise your holy name, Lord. In Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You have been so good. Every Lord, you are higher in my brother. Love you father. [Music] I all my life. All my life you have no Every [Music] all My I will all my I have been faithful. All my life is so so good. everywhere that I am. I will my life. All my life I am happy. Hallelujah. You in darkness are my Fatherful. [Music] All I [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] everything together. You're good. You're good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I might I am all my life. All my life so good that I am. All my life that I am Glory. [Music] Amen.
