################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-07 - 20250806 - The Token Life Pt 74 -The Mind of Christ Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-07
Title:    20250806 - The Token Life Pt 74 -The Mind of Christ Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKPbec61Z_0
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o3usqhN5TCSgyQ6F9laqWNo_X8MJP4fL/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] you. Hey. Hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] Let's stand up. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus [Music] in moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. [Music] love you. In moment like these I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. I love you. Singing I singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. Just welcome everybody here this evening. Uh just want to keep the uh folks in prayer affected by the wildfires. Thankfully it's seem to have seem to have gotten under control. So we're very thankful to hear that and brother Paul and sister Kimberly are back in their back in their home. So we praise the Lord for for that. Thank you for your prayers. We want to keep the Snow family in prayer as they mourn the loss of brother Albert and the funeral's tomorrow. So just want to keep that in prayer especially his wife uh Sherin Piery. want to continue keep her in prayer. Those not with us on vacation, uh those just not here tonight, but want to just pray for them. Brother Dale, Sister Lorie Snow, uh brother David, the needs that he had mentioned and Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Guy Jr., want to pray grace to them and those needs. Let's just sing number 10:21. Thank you, Jesus. And uh I'll ask brother Bob to open in prayer. Thank you Jesus [Music] for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay. But from my heart, I'd like to say that I thank you. Thank you, Jesus, for the grace that you have given us. though I can't repeat but from my heart like to sing that I thank you. Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Oh, I can't repay from my heart. I'd like to say that I thank you. Oh, thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. though I can't repay but from my heart I'd like to sing that thank you. [Music] Amen. Heavenly Father, we once again bow, Lord, to thank you for the opportunity to come into your house, Lord, to worship you. And as the song says, Lord, then we can take the opportunity, Lord, to thank you for the grace that you bestowed upon us. As Lord, if as the scripture says, Father, if we were to thank you from the rising of the sun till the going down of the same, we wouldn't sufficiently thank you for all that you've done for us. So Lord, we just pray, Father, that as we Lord, enter into this service today, Father, that you would just help us, Lord, to put all things aside, Lord, that are not pleasing to you, Lord, or Father, we just would interfere, Lord, with the going forth of the word. We just pray, Father, that you'd help us, Lord, by grace to just to enter in, Lord, by by grace, Father, that the Holy Spirit have preeminence in every one of our hearts, Lord. and that you would minister, Lord, through the pastor, Father, to Brother John as he brings the word, Father. We just pray, Lord, that the anointing would be able to lift him up, Father, and lift us up as well, Father, that our faith might be increased. And Lord, we just pray that you'd minister to each and every one, Lord, the requests that were mentioned tonight. Father, you know, Lord, each and every one, we just hold them up before you, Father. Just praying, Lord, that you would just, Father, answer prayer. And Lord, just do a wonderful thing, Lord, in everyone's life. We pray. So bless us, Father, as we commit this service to you. May you bless Lord, Brother Joe and and Lord, the musicians, Father. May each one, Lord, be able to put themselves aside as well as the pastor and let you operate the gift, Father, in each one of them. So be with them, we pray. Be with us all as we commit this service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's [Music] sing 12:04 He ransom me. Pray for brother Vichel back there all by himself in the sound booth. A busy fellow tonight. [Music] There's a sweet and blessed story of the Christ who came from glory just to rescue me from sin and misery. He in loving kindness of me and from sin and shame hath brought me. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor sinner lift him from the p my clay set him free. I will ever tell the story. Shouting glory glory glory hallelujah. Jesus ransom me from the depths of sin and sadness to the heights of joy and gladness. Jesus lifted me mercyful and free with his precious blood. He bought me when I knew him not he saw me. And in love divine, he rans up me man. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor lost sinner a lift came from the miry clay and set him free. I will ever tell the story. Shouting glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me from the throne of heavenly glory. For the sweet and blessed story Jesus came to lift the lost and sin more into liberty all glorious trophies of his grace victorious ever more rejoice in he below. Oh halleluah. What a savior. Who can take a poor sinner lift him from the my clay. Set him free. I will ever tell the story. Shouting glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. I am by with joy increasing and with gratitude once ceasing lifted up with Christ forever more to me. I will join the host singing in the atom ever to the king of love who ransom. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor lost sinner lift him from the my clay and set it free? I will ever tell a story. Shouting glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor lost sinner lift him from the miry clay and set it free. I will ever tell a story. Shouting glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me from the depths of sin and sadness to the heights of joy and gladness. Jesus lifted me mercyful and free with his precious blood. He bought me when I knew him not. He sought me and in love divine he rest me. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor lost sinner lift him from the miry clay. Set it free. I will ever tell a story. Shouting glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus rest me by and by with joy increasing and with gratitude once ceasing. Lifted up with Christ forever more to be. I will join the host there singing in the anthem ever to the king of love who ransom me. My thank you Lord. Oh hallelu what a savior who can take a poor lost sinner lift him from the myy clay set it free. I will ever tell a story. Shouting glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor sinner to lift him from the myy clay and set him free? I will ever tell a story. Shouting glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. Oh hallelujah. Want a savior who can take a poor lost scene a lift him from the miry clay and set it free. I will ever tell the story shouted glory glory glory hallelujah Jesus ransom me one more time. Oh hallelujah. What a savior. Who can take a poor lost a lift came from the myy clay and set it free? I will ever tell the story. Shouting glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Jesus ransom me. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Let's sing at number 653. God's not dead. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Oh, God's not dead, man. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me now. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Oh, God's not dead man. He's alive. God glory. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. More time. Oh, God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Amen. Listening. 1075. I've been redeemed. Let's stand if you don't mind. Looks a little fuller when we're standing. [Music] I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified I am. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed man. And that's not all. There's more besides. And that's not all. There's more beside. And that's not all there's for besides. I've been to the river and I've been baptized. All my sins are washed away. I've been redeemed. You can talk about me. All that you please. You can talk about me. All that you please. You can talk about me all that you please. I talk about you down on my knees. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. sanctified I am. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. And that's not all. There's more besides. And that's not all. There's more beside. And that's not all there's for besides. I've been to the river and I've been baptized. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified I am. All my sins are under the blood. have been redeemed. Amen. That's what John comes. Let's sing 11:27. How great is our God? The splender of a king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and tre at his voice now. Trems at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? All will see how great how great is our God. And age to age he stands. No, not your end. The bride in Christ our one. United time has come. Soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see. How great, how great is our God. You're the name above all names. You are worthy of our praise. and my heart will sing. How great is our God and you're the name above all names. You are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. So how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great, how great is our God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord, you are worthy of our praise this evening, heavenly father. Lord, how thankful we are, Lord, for how good your greatness is, Lord, for your mercy, your sovereign touch, Lord, that reaches down into our lives and pulls us out of this mess, Lord, and raises us up into fellowship with Christ in heavenly places. Lord, how unworthy we are, but how grateful we are this evening, Lord, that we can say, "I am a child of God. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God because of your greatness, heavenly father." Lord, we're resting on that greatness. We're resting on a finished word. We're resting on a finished work this evening, Lord, that as you've said it, Lord, so it will be in your perfect time and in your perfect season. So Lord, we ask you to take this service once more, Lord, that you would speak to your bride, Lord. Take us to a higher plane, Lord, a deeper faith, Lord, that we could just rise above the things that try and hold us down, that try and pull us back, Lord, that try and anchor us and choke us out, Lord. That we could step a little further in our walk with you, Lord, to be shaped more like Christ today. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we're praying it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's turn to First Peter chapter 4 if we would. First Peter chapter 4. Good to see those that can make it. If this keeps up, we're going to have to start sending the deacons out into the highways and the byways. Amen. But I know some have to stay home for different reasons. And uh we're just trusting God's grace. Amen. And we're thankful that brother Paul and Sister Kimberly's acorage has been spared at least thus far that it's gone the other way. But now brother Bob potentially and brother Matt are in the in the the path. So we're trusting God's grace. Amen. That God will just guard that God will keep the fires back. We've got the whiffing family up in Conception Bay North and uh I think they're still a ways away from them but potentially they are uh they're they're there as well. So we're just trusting God to take care of his people. Amen. Amen. The forecast says no rain. If we need rain, God can send the rain. Amen. Let's trust him for that. But we're thankful thankful for each one. That's uh that God has spared and the the way that he keeps us in this life. Amen. Want to remember of course the family of brother Albert Snow. The uh the viewings would be tonight, today and tonight. And then the funeral I think is tomorrow um privately of course. But uh be free be uh you know if you if you've known them it would be a good idea to send them a note to brother Gourd by text as was sent out by brother Joe. I've sent one from my family um personally since we know them and had a personal relationship just expressing our thanks for their hospitality and kindness to us when we visit a few years ago and we've seen them as well since then. But feel free to send that yourself. And then later on, I think the idea is we'll send up a gift from the church to Sister Freda and we'll send a general um note of of condolences from the church at that point as well. But just trusting God's grace to her. It's a hard thing to just one minute you've got your spouse and the next they're gone to glory. Amen. No goodbyes, no prep, no no anything, you know. So, we want to definitely remember her and his family of course and children and those different ones there. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 4, he says this, "For then as much for as much then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind. For he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin, that he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men." See, there's a time before and there's a time after. There's a there's a way of serving before and there's a way of serving after. He says, "But after this, he should live to the will of God." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. And I certainly appreciate the cooler temperature in the church. I can feel it already, brother Bob. So, I thank you for that. It'll be at least five minutes before I take my coat off at this rate. So, amen. But I want to continue our thought this evening on the mind of Christ. And we're taking a third portion on this, but I want to start lifting our eyes. I've done some hard preaching and it doesn't I still reserve the right to preach hard. Amen. That's the Holy Spirit's right. I believe is to preach hard. Amen. But I and the thing that's hard is always when it gets us right where we're living. You know, when we can't duck it and it's just poking at us and and that's what hard preaching is. Amen. But the thing is where we're living now and where God wants us to live are usually two very different things because God's always moving. He's always trying to grow us. He's always trying to mature us. And so I want to start lifting our eyes now as we start to come to the close of this series on the Holy Ghost as far as I can tell, as far as my notes go and these different things. But we've got to be able to preach to a higher place. Amen. Because I we're going to a higher place. We're going to a a rapturing faith. And that's what's being built up now. We're going to a a body change. We're going to see a resurrection. And so, we've got to preach in a way that lifts our faith, that lives our expectations above where we're at right now. And that's what I want to do by God's grace tonight. And I want to open with a quote just to kind of set a tone here because as we preach on these things, I'm not just here, you know, checking off a list. Amen. I I believe I'm being led by the spirit to do the things I'm doing, the things I'm preaching. And some of it's hard and some of it is teaching and some of it is is, you know, different things here. But but I want the Lord to have his way in the series that we're doing here because I want it to see an effect in our lives. Amen. I don't want us to just say, "Okay, I know what the Holy Ghost is. I know what it does." I want us to be what the Holy Ghost is and does. Amen. I want us to see it in our lives in each and every one. But I want to take that thought just quickly as I start with this quote. this evening because we preached last service on hungering and thirsting for righteousness. And that hunger and thirst is what God uses in our life to bring us into fulfillment of the word in our life. Remember before he sends a revival, he sends a desperation. He sends a call for that revival to do what? To stir up what's already inside of you so that God can now take you and move you into a a higher plane to take you down a little further down the path. And it takes that hunger uh and thirsting for righteousness. But listen to what the prophet says. He says, "We can start a meeting, work signs and wonders." He says, "I go out and sometimes in the meeting the blind see, the deaf here, the people come around and look and say, that's wonderful." And then he says, "But when the revival is gone, you don't hear of them anymore." He says, "They're right back out." Well, yes, I believe in that. But you see, what brought them in was not their belief. It was what they saw in the meeting. There's nothing in them that keeps bringing them back except the meeting itself. What happens there? He says, "What it needs tonight is not a new preacher. What it needs is the Holy Spirit to get out amongst the people. Go to stirring them up, hungering and thirsting for righteousness sake." He says, "And whatever it is, it takes the Holy Spirit to do it." Amen. So hard preaching won't do it. Amen. We can preach it to the moon and back and it won't do you a lick of good if the Holy Spirit isn't behind it. If the Holy Spirit isn't there to quicken it to our hearts and souls. Amen. Coming to church won't have a lasting good or impression unless the spirit of God is there to take that word and imprint it and graft it into your soul. Amen. It takes the spirit of God moving. So otherwise that effort is just wasted on you if it if it doesn't come to that place. You know, we've been watching a bit of the services that my son has attended at in the camp there out west and that and excellent ministers with excellent services and these things. But it struck me because we've all been to camps. We've all been around people that will profess to have an experience at camp and what happens is they walk out and two months later they're right back where they were before they went into camp. See, the excellent ministry, the moving of the spirit does no good if it doesn't engraft itself in your heart. If there's not something in there to receive it, because otherwise what it is is just everything in that moment is good. You're around good people, you're around believers, the atmosphere is right, the music is right, the ministry is right, the message is right, everything's exciting, everything is go, go, go, go, go. But the minute we walk out of that service, the minute we walk out of that camp and it's all done, we've got to go back to real life. And in real life, we don't get to go to church twice a day. We don't get to only live our life around believers. We don't have to turn off our phones because we're in the US and we'll run up a huge bill if we turn them on. And so we have no distractions there. But then we come back to real life and now we're really in the battle. Now we're really in the battle. And we've got to have something that anchors in our souls. And the only thing that it'll work, church, is the word of God quickened by the Holy Spirit. It's the only thing that'll work. Amen. You know, if I was to be honest, I'd say over the last 10 years, I've heard a lot of preaching. I've done a lot of preaching. And we can preach on possession and we can preach on victory. And we can preach on overcoming and the bride's position and adoption. But what I'm not hearing so much these days is character, is humility, is patience, is waiting on God. The constant daytoday commitment of a true believer. Everyone's preaching where we're at, but there's no checklist to say, are you what we're talking about? We're preaching it as if we're all there. But I'll tell you what, we can we can we can preach without a challenge and it leaves the people thinking that they're good the way they are. And that is just a form of preaching to people with itching ears. If we don't challenge it, the ministry doesn't challenge you, we've missed something because the word is supposed to challenge us to step higher, to take another step in faith, to move closer to Christ and further away from the world. Amen. But that's a lot less popular. But you know, we preach about being like a a hero of the faith. Look at David. You say, "Well, we're all like David." But here's the thing. Are we prayed up like David was prayed up? Are we anointed like David was anointed? Are we faithful like David was faithful? Because if we're not, guess what, church? We don't get David's results. We've got to preach the whole David. Not just the David and Goliath. Not just the David being crowned king, but we've got to preach the whole process of character and trial and testing and staying with the word and not reviling back and watching your attitude and watching your tongue and holding fast and letting God lead you into it rather than trying to take it by your own hands. We've got to preach the entire word. Paul says, "I've not shun to declare you the full counsel of God." We've got to preach a rounded gospel. Not just the victory, but we've got to preach the humbling that comes before it. Amen. We got to preach the development work that goes into it. But I'm here tonight to hopefully by God's grace raise our our eyes. Amen. To quicken all of us. I'm here to catch my own message this evening. I don't want it just for you, but I want it for me. I want him to take me to a higher level this evening. And so if we go back to our first scripture that we open with Paul or Peter would say, for that for as much then as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind. As we read last service, think like Christ thought. Let the mind that was in Christ be in you. And here's the mindset. For he that has suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin that he may no longer that that he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lust of men but to the will of God. The scripture says that if we would rule with him, we must suffer with him. If we're going to reign with him, we've got to suffer with him. And we suffer through the same conditions that he suffered through. He was rejected. He was despised. He was misunderstood. Isn't that the thing we get all the time? Misunderstood. That's what we see so many times. Amen. We're lied about. We're falsely accused. And it's because he wasn't walking to the drum beats of the religion of that day. And neither are we. He was walking according to the word. He was in perfect harmony with the word. And that put him at odds with just about everyone and everything. You look at Jesus life once he was baptized by the spirit and he came out into the public. We would say that he became a lightning rod for controversy. Very few people agreed with the word especially when it was in flesh. Some of them could acknowledge that his words were true but the manifestation tripped them up so many times. Is that really what we've been looking for? Is that really what we've been talking about? Is that what we've been praying about for so long? So it's no wonder then. And it's small wonder that we would run into the same obstacles where we're misunderstood, where we're despised, where people look down on us, when people call us a cult, whatever it might be. And I say, you know, I would say even within the confines of Christianity, but I would say it's more like especially within the confines of Christianity because what we have and what we believe is heresy. That's what Paul believed was heresy and we believe Paul's message. Amen. And so we have to see one critical thing that if we've got the mind that Peter's talking about that Paul talked about, it is going to be contrary to everything else that this world has to offer. It's not going to line up with anything. Brother Brandham says it so simply. He says, "I want the mind of Christ. That's what I want." Do we want the mind of Christ this evening? Then get ready for this. He says, "And it's very always contrary to the world." If we find ourselves, church, nodding our head in agreement with with the podcasts and the commentators and the pundits and these different things, let me say tonight that is not the mind of Christ. We can look at this world and we can look at people analyzing this world and pointing out the hypocrisies and the fallacies and the silliness of it all and we can agree with it. But let me tell you, that is not the mind of Christ. That is still the mind of the world. The fact that they can see it as insane does not mean it get the mind of Christ. It just means that they've got a bit of logic left in their brain. Amen. They don't have the mind of Christ. And I'll tell you what, Satan would love to get us tied into people that can see elements of truth in what's going on in this world. He would love it if we would spend our days listening to Ben Shapiro and and Jordan Peterson and Matt Walsh and Joe Rogan and people that call things out the way they see it. Pick your female commentators and podcasters. I don't know them. I don't listen to them. I don't listen to them in in general. Amen. But there are people that are trying to fix our country and fix our families and take our schools back and take this back and throw this out and do all these things. And the thing they don't know, church, is that it's already too late. And so they're working to fix what we know is already too far gone. The prophet of God said the the log the the the the tree is on the skids. The logs on the skids and it's not coming back. The skids are those those those um bars that come off the side of a of a a logging trailer and they tip the big trees over onto it and then they let it roll down by itself. And nobody stood in front of that tree when it was rolling down the skids because it weighs a couple of tons. it to kill you. It would have crushed you. He says, "America's on the skids and she's not coming back." And guess what? Canada's in the same boat. The whole world is in the same boat. Amen. So, they aren't going to give us discernment. They're not going to give us truth. They're not going to give us direction. Cuz what are they doing, church? All they end up doing is they say, "Look at me. Listen to me. Take what I'm saying." And all they end up doing is pointing you to themselves rather than to the word, rather than to the truth. I have found for myself whenever I listen to those people, all it does is get me riled up about things I already know according to a prophet. Somebody was sharing something or the other day and I said, and we already knew that 50 years ago. I think it was my wife shared something with me. I'm like, science is finally catching up to the message. Things Brother Bram said in the 50s, 70 plus years ago, and science is finally starting to realize it was true. Isn't that amazing? But you know what? We'll get caught up in that and all it does is distracts us from what we're supposed to be focused on. Amen. Getting out of here. You know, Jesus didn't get caught up in it. They came to Jesus. They said, "Jesus, they won't pay us a living wage." He said, "Be content with your wages." They said, "Jesus, when are you going to set us free from the Romans?" Jesus, the Romans are taxing us too much. He said, "Render to Caesar what belongs to Caesar. Render to God what belongs to God." He didn't get caught up in what are you going to set us free. He says, "My kingdom is not of this world." And he kept walking on. He had his own message. He had his own gospel. Paul come behind him. And Paul didn't set the slaves free. He said, "Serve your masters as you serve God." What? He's not getting caught up in the issues of the day because he's got a word that's taking him beyond that. And today we're under an eagle anointing that's supposed to take us above it rather than scrapping it out down on this earth. Amen. We look a higher plane. We look beyond what we see today. We look beyond flesh and blood. We're looking to the eternal. We're looking to get out of here. We're pilgrims and strangers. We're not getting involved in those sorts of things. Amen. I would hate to find today that we're listening more to these podcasts and commentators than listening to a rapturing message. Absolutely I would. Amen. But we ought to focus on the word. You know why? Because the word focuses right here. Because what happens is if Satan can get us caught up and what everyone else is doing wrong, then what happens? We exclude ourselves from correction cuz I'm not like them. I see things they don't see. I don't do the craziness that they do. I don't buy into their agendas. I don't support this. I don't do that. And what does it do? It makes us feel good where we're at. rather than bringing us to the word which shapes us and which changes us and which corrects us and draws us closer to Christ. See, we can get caught up in being better than everyone else that we forget the goal is not to be better. The goal is to get out of here. The goal is to get out of here. Amen. Anything that keeps us from sitting under the correction and the direction of the word is just a trap for our attention. And Satan would love to get us trapped in those sorts of things. Amen. Problem is, those kinds of people are right in their own eyes, but they're still not subject to the Holy Spirit. Everyone's a Republican or a Democrat or a liberal or a conservative or a centrist or a leftist or a rightist church. It's all Satan's Eden. It's all Satan's Eden. And guess what? If you put the right in, then they'll go wrong just as much as the left will go wrong. Just in a different direction, but it's still all evil. It's still all Satan. It's still all wrong. They might have elements that are good, but they don't have the word. And they definitely don't have the spirit. Amen. They're commentators rather than examples. And I'm looking for examples. Amen. The mind of Christ, the prophet of God says it's very, it's always contrary to the world. Every political party, every affiliation, it's completely outside the word of God. We are Christians. We have no political affiliation. There's nothing in it for us. Brother Brown would say this. He says God is infinite and when he speaks it's got to be perfect. He cannot change. He says we cannot alter God's word. We have to we have to alter our thinking to his thinking. He says let the mind of Christ be in you. Then you'll know then you'll think like he thinks. Now we know this by now. We ought to know this by now. How do we know the mind of Christ? Always by the word. It's always by the word. Amen. That's our security. It's our assurance. It's our confirmation. And as we feel led by the spirit day by day, we always check it with the word. That's our our day-to-day assurance is that our life, our decisions, it all lines up with the word. And we have seen in the last two services especially that that mindset brings two things. It brings servitude and it brings surrender. It's a people that serve their God and it's a people that are surrendered to their God. Amen. And when we get to that point, that's when God can really stop can really start doing something with us. Brother Bram says, "And we've got to let God's thinking be our thinking." He says, "Let the mind that was in Christ be in you." He says, "And this Bible reveals the mind of Christ." Well, do we have the mind of Christ? If we have the mind of Christ, it means we've got to have the word for our day. That's the absolute requirement. Amen. The word for yesterday is true. It's just not fresh. It's just not fresh. Amen. Listen, we still have to be justified. We still have to be justified, but we've moved on from justification. You got to have it, but you can't stop there. Two church ages ago, you could stop there. But then sanctification came along and everyone that stayed with Luther, now they're lost because they didn't move on. So then they went into Wesley and sanctification. And all of a sudden, that's where the spirit's moving. But guess what? Then at Isuza Street, they went from sanctification to gifts, a pouring out of the Holy Spirit. And if you stayed in sanctification from that point on, you're lost because you didn't move as God moved. And what are we coming into today? See, we can listen to those things. We can hear those things. There are wonderful preachers out there that aren't in this message can do a a bangup job of preaching justification. I know I've said it before. I remember back in Edmonton, this guy that that that went to our church and and he he was talking to one of the deacons and and he said, "What have you been listening to these days and he says, "Oh, I've been listening to this this preacher so and so." And he started expounding on justification. And he says, "I've never heard that in my life." One, that's a shame because we've got to preach it. It's the first work of grace. But he was listening to a nominal Christian preacher that was doing a wonderful job of it. But that man ended up leaving the message because justification appealed to him more than what the message offered because he had a conscience that bothered him so often. And that's what led that that that's what drew him in. But he could only get to justification. He couldn't move into sanctification. So he went backwards from there. It's not it's not that it's not truth. It's just not the whole truth. We've got to be able to move beyond those things. Amen. And what are we moving now in now? We're moving into a divine marriage. We're moving into unity with Christ. I thought it was so fitting, brother Joe, finishing with that song that we did, the bride and Christ are one. Uniting time has come. We're in uniting time. We're in marriage time. We're in the invisible union of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. That's what we're in now. That's what the word is doing is joining us to Christ. I It's something that's bringing us into a unity that has not been here since the first church age. That's what we're getting into. That's what we're in. Amen. We've got to keep moving as God is moving. And let me say, God's moving. This message has not stood still since the prophet left. Absolutely, it has not. I believe we can look around this church and we can see the changes that have happened in our understanding, in our revelation, in the impact it's had on our life. God is still moving. The spirit of God is still here to draw us into the reality of the words uh this word. Amen. But it's not just for the sake of knowledge, but it's for sake of a revelation that brings us into the reality of what we've heard. That's what the spirit's here to do. Amen. But what we have is still maturing. We're still growing in Christ. This is just me. But I say we don't have everything that we are that we It belongs to us. Every promise in the book belongs to you and I, church. But I don't believe we have it all. As in, I don't believe we have the reality of it all. Why? We're probably not ready for it all just yet because we're growing and we're maturing day by day by God's grace. Amen. But God has a time and God has a season for it. And before this is all said and done, we're going to have everything that he promised. We're going to be everything that he promised. Amen. We're going to be that bride without spot and wrinkle that is perfectly united with her head. Amen. We're in the adoption season. We're in the time of placing under authority. Amen. I believe that's here now. But we're growing into a higher plane in our Christian walk every single day. And it's just a little bit here and a little bit there and a little bit here and a little bit there. And that's the patient bride that we're talking about. That's a bride that's seen those little things happen day by day. Listen, our prophet came to a place of adoption, didn't he? Absolutely he did. But you notice when it comes to adoption, God's not just allowing him to be a part. God invited him to be a part. God invited him. He says, "Hey, would you want to do this? I'm going to let you do this." It's not just allowing. He's inviting them in. Remember what happened? Now, it's interesting when you look at people that God said you can have whatever you want. They always made the right decision. You know why, church? Cuz they were at the place of their Christian walk where he knew they would make the right decision. And that's why he invites them in. He gives them a choice, but he knows their choice is his choice. He knows their will is his will. And so, what do we see? We see Haddie right there, poor as a church mouse. She has nothing to her name. She's had a a family member, I believe, that was very sick if I'm not mistaken. But what does she do? She doesn't. And remember, brother Rab said, he says, "You can ask for a million dollars and it will appear on this table right now. You can ask for the healing of so- and so." And she says, "I want the salvation of my two boys." Brother Brandon, remember, he he's he's standing there, his wife is about to go into the surgery, and the spirit of God says, "Whatever you say will happen." whatever you say will happen. And what does he do? He offers her mercy and grace and that tumor disappeared before the knife even touched her body. Why? God knew that they had the character to make the decision that he wanted them to make. Brother Brown would say this. He says, "God's looking for character from men and women who can conduct themselves as sons and daughters of the king." He says, "God have mercy on us that we will do it." God gives that authority to people he knows has character to do it. You'll never see Brother Brandon walking around with a puffed up chest, strutting around, I'm the prophet of God. I'm the messenger of the age. I'm the seventh angel. I have all authority. No, he never did that. You couldn't find a humbler man. You couldn't find a humbler man. My wife was telling me she was listening to a service and and the brother got up before brother Brandham and he he did this big glowing resume of everything that Brother Brandham was and had and all these different things. And brother Bram said, "Boy, I just hope I can live up to what he said." Right? Didn't walk up and say, "Thank you, brother. God's been so good to me." Yes. Amen. He said, "It would be an amazing thing if I could live up to what that man said about me." Humble. That's what always struck people about the prophet of God was he didn't walk up with a swagger. He didn't walk up as if he was some some some special person. He walked up in the humility of knowing who he was. He didn't need anybody to acknowledge him. He didn't need anybody to recognize him. He was there because God had told him to be there. Amen. Notice he says God's looking for character for men and women who can conduct themselves. What? Live by the word. So that when you walk out of these doors of the church, you go to your work, you live the same way. You walk the same way. You talk the same way. When you go to the gym, nothing changes. When you go down to to an event, when you go to the mall, when you're with certain people, your life doesn't change. You conduct yourself as a child of the king. No matter where you go, there's no variableness nor shadow of turning in your life. The same as there is with God's. Amen. Remember what adoption is? What's the what's the tutor's report when that that child is ready for adoption? They act like you. They talk like you. They think like you. They are you. And no matter what how much you squeeze them, no matter how much pressure you put on them, you know, no matter how tight, no matter the social pressure, the peer pressure, whatever it is, no matter what they do, they act just like you do. And he says, "All right, let's have a ceremony." Now, that's going to bring a reproach. It brings a reproach when we won't go along with what everyone wants us to do. It brings a reproach when we say, "Sorry, that's not quite the truth." That brings a reproach when we refuse to back down because we're accused of not being loving, of not being accepting, of not being of not showing equality, all of these different things. That's why Peter said, "Arm yourselves. Arm yourselves with this mindset." He says, "The flesh is going to suffer under the mindset of Christ." Amen. That's the way because your your your your flesh is going to be put down for the sake of the higher calling that's in your life. And it's through the mind of Christ. Amen. Peter's saying, "Get ready. This is going to hurt." You said, "Brother John, we're going to I thought you said you're going to raise our our sights." We're getting there. But Peter's saying, "Get ready because this is going to hurt the flesh." The flesh. Amen. This flesh does not and is not going to enjoy what happens when the mind of Christ is in operation in our life. It's a rough road. Amen. You know, in the old days, we don't arm ourselves the same way anymore. But in the old days, see, you didn't just strap on a weapon. First, you had to put on all your armor and you had to put it on in the correct order and in the correct place. And you had stuff for the right side, stuff for the left side, and it had to go on in a certain order. And then when all that was on, then you would strap your weapon on, you take your shield, and off you would go. And you had to do it very carefully because if you didn't, your life was forfeit. Cuz here's the thing. When you went into those battles, especially look at the medieval ages when there was so much armor and that, when you went out, people half the time weren't dying because you hit them with a sword. They died because their armor didn't fit them right and you found a gap. You couldn't put a sword through a piece of a polished armor that had no no flat surfaces on it. You could take a sword and try and ram it right through them and it would just glance off. You had to beat them down into the ground and basically stomp them and suffocate them or you had to find a weak point in the armor. And Peter's saying, "Listen, you got to arm yourself. You got to know this is going to hurt, but you're not going to die from it." And we all said, "Praise the Lord tonight. This is going to hurt. It's going to hurt." Amen. You have to be deliberate about these things. That's what Peter's saying. He's saying, "Listen, prepare yourself for what's coming. Prepare yourself for what's coming because look at what Christ dealt with and then figure that you're going to deal with the same thing." Now, we're not going to be crucified in the flesh, but the flesh is going to be crucified. That's what Paul said. And that's a daily thing. That's a daily painful reminder of who we are as the flesh gets crucified every single day because the spirit the the mind of Christ it takes the flesh and it stomps the living daylights out of it. It is not comfortable for this body. Amen. It it it annihilates it takes it completely out of the picture. It keeps it under control because remember what he says that no longer we should live to the time rest of his time in the flesh to the lust of men but to the will of God. In other words, the flesh is going to starve. It's going to starve. Now, I don't know if anybody's ever starved before unintentionally, for sure. That's one of the hard things. If it's intentional, if you're trying to lose weight, if you're fasting, something like that, maybe not so much. But do you ever go out sometime and you got caught and you didn't bring a snack, you didn't bring any food, and you couldn't go get anything? I've done that before. usually out in the country somewhere and you think you're going to be back in two or three hours and it ends up being 11 hours and you have no food with you and you come back and you would you would you would eat an animal raw. I remember one time when uh it was in the in the fall and we were over on Empire Avenue there at the church and you remember you'd go and clean up all those leaves. Well, I was work I was uh working at Tom and Tom and uh Gerinda's house cleaning off their their um siding. They had that wood siding and you had to hand scrape the whole thing before you could repaint it. And that was my job. So I didn't go to help with the uh with the um with with the the leaves pickup there that the brothers were doing with the kids. But afterwards they went and they got pizza and they came over to me and they dropped off a personal pantsized pizza from from Pizza Hut. Now I love Pizza Hut pizza. But when I opened it up, church, my heart sank because it had mushrooms and it had peppers. Oh, it had meat and cheese. But like those are things I would typically turn my nose up. But I was so hungry, church. I ate the whole thing and enjoyed it thoroughly. Why? Because I was starving. I was willing to put up with the disgust of I can barely say it, mushrooms because I was so hungry. The flesh was starving. And yet, that's what Peter's saying. Get ready. The flesh has to starve. Paul said, "Your flesh has to be crucified daily." And that can be hard. That can be hard because we look around and we see people that spend on everything and they they've got everything and they've got there's no end to what people will spend money on these days. Now, of course, we don't see the other side which how much debt they're probably in as well, but people will pamper themselves and they're pander to their their wants and these things and people just seem to have and have and consume and consume. And we're sitting here in moderation, but it's moderation by the word. in moderation by the word looks like starvation to the rest of the world when it comes to this flesh. And we can sit there and we can have a bit of a pity party. Why do they have everything and I don't? Well, it's because of this. We live by the mind of Christ, not according to the lusts of men, the lust of the eyes, lust of the stomach, the lust of the garage, whatever it might be, the lust of the cheese, the fine cheeses. Brother Vichel, we don't live that way. We're under a different mindset and it causes this flesh to starve church. We ought which ought to make it weak. Which means that as we go, it ought to get a little easier to deal without these different things. But that's where we live with the mind of Christ. You look at Christ physically speaking, he had nothing. He didn't have a home. He didn't have a bed. He didn't have a steady source of income. He had no security. The clothing he had was a gift to him. Now, I'm not saying we have to live that way and you're wrong to have your bed or your house or your steady income or these things. Amen. But rather, the life of the committ of a believer is not one of daily comfort or security. It is a life, church, not of comfort. It is a life where we are comforted. And there's a big difference in that. Amen. That we're comforted because we're seeking a city whose builder and maker is God. Amen. That our reward is beyond what we have here. Amen. And that in the in the meantime, there's a contentment that comes with just walking this good old way. Amen. With doing what the word tells us to do. But we're going to step it up a notch here. Now, that's the hard part. Now, we're going to lift our eyes a little bit. Amen. because I preached that hardship. But I want to take us now into the joy into the privilege into the opportunity that we have to get us to lift up our heads a little bit because brother Ram would say now it's the mind of Christ that the human being has the privilege to enter in and know the mind of Christ. Then he says hallelujah. He says my what a reality to dwell in the channel of Christ. You hear a lot about privilege these days. We've got privilege this evening. We've got privilege that nobody else has. Amen. What is this privilege, church? It's a privilege to get with the program. It's a privilege to be used. It's a privilege to see the reality of God. It's a real It's the the privilege of being a channel for the Holy Spirit to see the word of God becoming a reality in your life today. That's the privilege that we have. Listen to this now. Brother Ram says, "As I've said, faith doesn't come by fasting. Faith doesn't come by praying, reading a book. He said, "All of that's good, fasting, praying, and reading a book." He says, "But faith comes by a settled something that's in the human heart." He says, "Now listen to this. I'm I'm leading to a point here. It doesn't seem connected, but it is." He says, "Now when you come home, you told your wife you'd be home after the service was over." He says, "You do that unconsciously. You just go out and get in your car and go on home. Now, you could not do it unless you had faith you could do it. You would never move from where you're sitting if you didn't have faith you could raise up. He says, "But you've done it so much and you've just become so accustomed to those laws till it's a natural thing." Now, remember, we're speaking on the mind of Christ. We're speaking on being a channel for Christ. But he's taken us into the day-to-day before he takes us into the spiritual. He's trying to say, listen, the way to get here is to do the same thing that you do in your natural life. He says, you say you're going to go home. He says, after church, what do you do when church is over? You get up, you walk out, you start your car, you drive home, you come home. Why? He says, because you've got faith you can do it. You've got faith that you can do it. But watch what he says now. Now he flips it and he takes the natural and he throws it into the spiritual. He says, "Now, if we could throw ourselves completely to God and to his will, and he says, be lost to our own thoughts and just let the mind of Christ be in us, those same operations of the spirit would work through us just as the natural things do, just the same thing." because we were first created for that purpose to control, to rule, and to praise God, and to live for God. He's saying, "How do we get here?" He says, "Do what you do in the natural. Just take it into the spiritual." Because in the natural, we do something so much, and so often we become so accustomed to it, it becomes a natural thing. He says, "Now take that to the word." He says, "Get into the word. Get into the word until you become so accustomed to the word that it becomes natural. It becomes nature for you to do it. That's what he's talking about. We become so familiar with the word that anything that's off the word, we notice it and we go, "Hey, hey, did you see that? Did you see that? That ain't right. That's not in the word. Cuz I'm in the word and it's not there." That's what we're talking about. The mind of Christ to catch what God is saying and doing by his word. So that as soon as something comes off that's not supposed to be there, we say, "Hold on a second. Hold on a second." Like we read about the prophets of Ahab and that king, he came and he says, "Do you have a prophet of God, though?" Something wasn't sitting right. Something wasn't sitting right. Remember what Paul says? We've got to try the spirits, church. A believer is supposed to catch it before the fruits ever come out. That's a hard thing to say. Why? Because you can try it by the word. And we're not just now listening to the words, but we're looking at the attitudes. We're looking at the approaches. We're looking at the angles. We're looking at the how tightly people are trying to hold on to things. Are they forcing it through? What's going on? And we look at that and we take it and we judge the whole thing by the word. And the spirit of God raises red flags all the time, doesn't he? That's the way it works. You know, when I was studying on this, I thought about our brother Nelson Guy, you know, he's a he's a hunting guide. And we go out and as much as we like to think we can hunt, ain't none of us can hunt like Nelson. And we're going out and we've learned from him to look for things that show where the moose are or where they've been, how long it's been since they've been through. But there's still things, church, that we don't catch. But he catches. Why? He's been in the woods so much. He knows when something's out of kilter. He'll catch a branch that's bent. He'll see a little dark spot in the woods where they've just gone through and knocked some of the dew off or whatever. He'll see things we never see. Why? Because he's a guide. He's been there. He knows what it's supposed to look like. And every little thing, he catches it. I'm not going to catch everything that's off. But there's a spirit inside of us. Amen. There's a Holy Spirit. There's a mind of Christ that's inside of us. And that's what I'm resting in. I'm not resting in my discernment. I'm resting in being surrendered to what he's catching. So I can stop and say, "Hold on a second now. Something's off." And church, many times I don't know what's off. All I know is something's off. And then I've got to take it before God and I've got to say, "God, what's wrong here? This is a this is someone that I respect. This is a believer in the church. This is a minister. This is whatever it might be." And say, "Lord, what's the problem here? cuz I'm getting something that's holding me back, but I don't know what it is. What are you seeing that I'm missing? That's what the mind of Christ is supposed to do. Amen. The guide sees things that other people never notices. And remember, church, in the Christian, in the true believer's life, Satan is always working in subtlety. He is not obvious. It takes knowing the word to catch it every single time. It's got to become natural to us. And the thing is, if we're feeding on everything else plus the word, what does it do? It muddles the picture. It dulls the senses. It dulls the senses. You know, um, when you're when you're eating really cleanly, if you go off sugar, for instance, boy, you go off sugar for a month and then somebody gives you something with a bunch of sugar in it, you know what you say? Number one, it's too much. It's overpowering because everything we eat these days is oversweetened. But the other thing is your body rejects it. It doesn't like it. It'll make you sick because you've gotten you you've gotten to a point where what's natural to you is to be clean. But if you're constantly blending sugar with your diet here, a little there a little, guess what? Sugar doesn't bother you anymore. It doesn't have that same reaction. And so it doesn't raise a warning flag. He's saying here, you've got to do what you do in the natural. You got to do daily in the spiritual so that you have that channel that God can operate through. I remember the first time I drove a car and I didn't have a license and I was out in central. My dad used to take us to his in-laws cabins out there and we were going into a little town. It's the middle of nowhere. There's no real traffic and he says, "Hey, do you want to drive the van in to this little town?" He was with me, of course. So, I said, "Sure." I mean, of course. I I think I was 16 at the time, something like that. And so, we're driving out into this outport and it's a narrow winding road right next to the ocean. And so, I'm driving so slowly and carefully and because I don't want to crash. I don't want to hit anybody. I definitely don't want to go into the ocean. I don't want to make a mess of things. But now, scroll forward 25 years, almost 30 years. I could drive that road one-handed while talking to my wife and not think anything of it at double the speed limit. Why? Because I've driven so much. It's become natural to me. It's nature to me. It's reflex. I don't even have to think about I don't have to think about how hard I'm pushing the gas or how I'm steering or anything like that. I just drive because I know how to drive. Now, I'm reminded of Sister Betty. The last couple of months, while Brother Gerald was taking a break from driving, Sister Betty had to drive him around. Now, let me tell you this. Sister Betty has always had a license. And she's always known how to drive. But guess what? She hasn't been driving for a really long time. Isn't that right, Sister Betty? And I guarantee you, I don't want to put words into your mouth. I guarantee you, she was nervous. I guarantee he was more nervous. But I guarantee you she was nervous. And I'll bet you she was a little bit herkyjerky and going slow and she probably got honked at a few times for being, you know, a little too slow to jump out into traffic and take No, but what is it? She's always had it available. She just hasn't been practicing. And so just as she was getting good at it, Brother Gerald decided to take the the steering wheel back. But I guarantee you, she's feeling a lot more comfortable today driving that car than she did the first day. It's becoming second nature because she's doing it all the time. But remember, we spoke about last service because sometimes the reason we're lacking in faith is because we're using it so rarely that we never get to build it up. Now, that's a that's that's a hard truth maybe to take this evening, but the reason is because we keep going in and out of his word and our way, his mind and our mind, what he wants and what we want. And we're stepping in and out of those things. And so, every time we use our faith, it's like the first time we used our faith. And so, we're never progressing. We're just holding in the same place we've always been. Amen. We're just using it intermittently. Brother Brandon would say, "Exercise faith. Get some muscles on it." That's a direct quote. Exercise faith, get some muscles on it. Remember, he says faith has a hairy chest. Great for us men, not so good for the sisters. But he say he said when faith speaks, everything else shuts up. The mind of Christ always speaks with faith. But we've got to exercise that faith. And how does that come? Amen. You've got to build it up. Now, if you've ever tried to build muscle, our our men here that were athletes as young men, listen, you don't build muscles by sitting at home. You don't build muscles by doing the same thing you've always done. But to build muscle, you got to strain and you got to pull and you got to push and you got to go further and harder than you've ever gone before, even to failure. If you can get your muscles to fail, that's when you become strong. Failure is required to maximize muscle growth because you've used every little bit of it. Amen. You got to keep pushing your muscles to get them to grow. Amen. And I'll tell you this, nobody pushes harder than a trainer. When I first went back to the gym after I came back to uh to Canada, I've been in a car wreck in Texas and so things were a little messed up. And so we we paid good money to have a trainer train me for the first six months to make sure I didn't injure myself and kind of just rebuilt myself back together and was good and stable before I took over myself. And I'll tell you this, he pushed me way beyond what I thought I could ever do. That's what coaches did, didn't they? Coaches will run you till you puke. They'll make you go one more lap. When you think you got nothing left, they'll make you go one more lap. A good friend will do that as well. But they push you harder than you ever thought you could go. and you realize all of a sudden you had more than you realized you thought you had. That's what the Holy Spirit's here to do by the word. It's here to show there's more here than you think. You've got more than you realize if you'll just let me use it. If you'll just let me push you to that point, you'll realize there's more to you. Remember what brother Brand would say? There was that woman sitting out there in the audience and he called her out and she was healed and he says, "You didn't know you had that much faith. There's more to us than meets the eye, but we don't know it because we're not putting into practice. And so that's what the trials and tribulations of life are here to do is to pull out that faith to get those muscles working so we can see I am a child of God. Not just because I've received the word, but because the word is working inside of my life and I'm getting the results of it out of it. The trainer knows more than we do and he keeps pushing us no matter if we're ready to quit or to stop. What's the intention of what's the intention of all what brother Brandham's saying here? Why is why is he he pushing us so hard? Why is Peter pushing us so hard to to let go to walk in faith? He says because we were first created for that purpose to control, to rule, and to praise God and to live for God. Amen. What a statement to make. But we're coming to this idea of becoming the channel of the mind of Christ, the privilege that it brings. And he says if we could just completely throw ourselves to God and his will, we'd start doing the spiritual things as easily and as naturally as we do the natural things. &gt;&gt; Now that's a simple principle, isn't it? That's a very simple principle. You say, "Well, I don't spend enough time reading my Bible." Then read a little bit more. Read a little bit more. Don't jump to an hour. You are, if you're not even doing it, start with five minutes a day. Start with one chapter a day. and slowly build yourself up to two and three and four and five, having a time of prayer, reading a message, listening to a message. Don't jump in and think you're going to become a superch Christian overnight, but you got to build your faith muscles up. You got to build up your walk. Go progressively. You'll stick with it a whole lot longer because you'll start to see those results. It'll be a little simpler if we go that. Amen. But what happens? He says we've got to throw ourselves completely. He says, "And be lost to our own thoughts." Remember last two services we talked about that flip-flop. My way, his way, mine hit my mind, his mind, what I want, what he wants. He says, "No, you got to knock that off. You got to commit one way or the other. Otherwise, you're in the lukewarm position. Hot, cold, hot, cold. Him, me, him, me." Word, logic, word, reason. That's the definition of lukewarm. Lukewarm ain't going to cut a church. That's halfway Christianity and halfway Christianity only gets you halfway. Halfway is not the goal. Halfway is still failure. Halfway is still disappointment. Amen. Better than most people is not the goal here. A rapture, a resurrection is the goal. So this flip-flopping, it's got to stop. Amen. That's our goal is to get out of here. Brother would say this and it just echoed in my heart. He says, "Why don't you just come to Christ and settle the whole thing?" He says, "Once born again, that settles it forever. Once born of the spirit of God, you have everlasting life and cannot come into condemnation, but have passed from death to life." He says, "Then you can enjoy yourself." He says, "Then it's a pleasure to pray. You don't have to wonder about whether God's going. When you kneel to pray, you're right in his presence. When you're walking on the streets, you're right in his presence. Wherever you are, you're in his presence all the time. for you have perfect fellowship with the Son of God. He says, "What a marvelous, victorious life." But what's the problem? We're not taking the time to enjoy our victorious life. We're missing the privilege. We're missing the opportunity to come into his presence. I remember when I was in church before I gave my heart to the Lord and in my soul, I wanted to surrender my life to Christ, but my mind didn't want it and my flesh didn't want it and my career didn't want it. And so I fought and I fought and so I'd just be miserable in church. And I blamed it all on Brother Gerald. Why? Because I was miserable. Because church was too long, right? It's too long when you're under conviction. That's the truth. Amen. God bless you, Brother Gerald, tonight. God bless you. It's too long when you want to praise, but you know your life's in no place to be praising God. When h when onethird of you wants to give in and the other twothirds are just beating up that soul, saying, "Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. You'll regret it." And so, what was I? I was miserable all the time. Miserable all the time. Amen. I'd be fighting with myself the whole time. Nobody enjoys that. Brother B would he'd say the same thing. He says, "Halfway life is the most miserable thing there is." He says, ' And by the way, there's no such a thing as a halfway Christian. You've never seen one. You never will. Did you ever see a black white bird at the same time? Did you ever see a drunk sober man? Did you ever see a sinner saint? He said, "You're either a sinner or a saint. You're on one side of the fence." He says, "And if you're born again, you're saved. And if you're not born again, you're outside of Christ without hope, without God in the world." He says, "God's made preparations for you to be saved." How did I get out of being miserable? I took the way that God had prepared. I gave my life to him. I repented. I was I surrendered my life. I was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I gave control to him. And then I sought the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And when I got that church, that was it. I was content. I was content that Brother Gerald preached long. I was content to be in church with this group of people. I was content that my career went in a completely different direction. Why? Because I had satisfaction. No, something had changed inside of me. Now the soul is satisfied. Church, when the soul is satisfied, that's what really gives us that deep peace and rest. Remember, Brother Bram says it's that settled something in your heart. When the soul is at rest, yes, this flesh, it might hurt. It might be uncomfortable. Our emotions might get offended. We might get worked up about things. But in your soul, there's a deep peace and there's a deep rest. Amen. This flesh may not have got the fun it wanted, but I say, "Praise the Lord today." Anyhow, amen. That's why I'm here today is because I took his prepared way. He says that's the only way you can do a right kind of a job for the Lord is to put everything you got right to the forefront for Christ. Notice to the forefront. Because so many times we give it, but we give it in second place, third place, fourth place. He says, "No, you got to take everything you got and you got to put him first at the same time." He says, "All your strength, all your soul, all your heart, all your mind, everything you have." He says, "When you're doing anything, do it right or don't do it at all." He says, "Just leave it alone." If you're going to be a Christian, he says, "Put everything you've got to Christ, your time, your talent, your everything." Remember I said last service, the problem if we don't give it our all or we give it a half-hearted effort or it's half him and half us, is that we drag enough of God into there that it brings a reproach on Christ himself. So, we got to go all the way or he says you're better off not doing it. But what does this look like? What does this look like? What's what what does it mean when he says, "What a reality to dwell in the channel of Christ." And he says, "You got to throw yourself completely into Christ and be lost to your own thoughts." We've got to completely trust the word. You know, I and again, I'm not trying to be carnal here tonight speaking of personal experiences, but I think it gives us an idea if we can talk about maybe the natural, it'll help us see the spiritual. And I remember the first time I rode with my father in a serious sports car. And he took it and he ran it hard through a corner. And I'm sitting there and this is the first time he's driven that fast in a car with that capability in my life. I'm just a young kid, maybe 10 years old, 11 years old. And he's going through the corner and I'm seeing and the feet are dancing on the pedals. And if you've ever driven a car right at the limit and balanced on the edge of traction, the hands are constantly twitching the whole way. And at first I was scared because I'd never gone that fast through a corner for that long. But then I stopped. And this is the Germanic side of me. I said, "He's my dad. He would not put my heart in danger. He would not put my life in danger. He's just trying to show me what this thing is capable of." And I said, "I trust him. I trust him not to hurt me." And so what did I do? I relaxed and I said, "I'm going to enjoy this." And I had a riot. It was a blast. Why? because I trusted what he was doing even though it felt so uncomfortable for the first time. It's the same for us. I'll tell you what, it's not a thrill the first time you step onto the word by faith. When you step off solid ground, you step off logic, you step off reason, you step off financial security, you step off your your family approvals, you step off your relationships, and you stand on the word, it's not a thrill. It's usually a little bit fearful because you don't know what's going to happen. You believe what's going to happen, but for the first time, you don't know if it's going to work or not. It's like going on a roller coaster the first time. How is it going to feel? Am I going to like it? Am I going to hate it? Like I said before, I didn't give my life to Christ because I thought I would maybe not like it, but I was miserable where I was at. And you step out in faith on the word in something that really matters. Maybe not life or death, but it's very uncomfortable if it doesn't work out. And you step out by faith and you're standing there and and it's like you're standing on an island. You're all alone. All your supports are gone away. And you're standing there and you say, "Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe." And you stand there and the greatest thrill in the world is when he comes down and he fulfills his word in your life. As you believe it, he does it. Now, what's not so thrilling is the trial of faith that often is between the step and the fulfillment. Remember what Peter says? He says that the trial of your faith being more precious than gold tried in the fire. You'll realize the value of it later, but there's a whole lot of flesh dying that happens in there in the meantime. Amen. But he's saying this is how we get there. We've got to throw ourselves completely into Christ. Totally. He says we've totally lost ourselves to our own thoughts. Amen. Watch how Brother Brandham builds this platform for us to stand on, for us to live by. He says, "Now Jesus said, if you abide in me and my words abide in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be given unto you." He says, "Now the father and his word are inseparable because the word is his son. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us." He said, "God and his word are inseparable. You cannot have God without having his word. And when you have his word, you have God. So here's the foundation of it all. This is the starting point. Okay? But then he says, now if you want to go back a little further, just as far as historical, we could see the word. He says, in the beginning is was the word. He says, but what is a word? A word is a thought manifested. A thought spoken forth. God first he perceived the thought and spoke it and it became a word and the word became material. He says, "So everything that God has spoken in his word received into the right channel will materialize that word for whatever the promise behind it is." He says, "God will do it." He's obligated to it. Now, what's the key there? He says, "Received into the right channel." What's the right channel? The mind of Christ. Amen. The mind of Christ is what? A revelation of the will of God for you. It's the word for your day. for your life, for your family, for your church, your position, your work through your decisions, whatever it might be. But notice what he says. It's got to be received. Why? Because the mind of Christ is a receiving channel. Amen. It's not a broadcasting channel. It's a receiving channel. Amen. We're tuned to the word. We're pre-built. We're pre-tuned to receive it into our hearts. Amen. To receive what God's saying to us. We've preached on this idea of an echo chamber gospel, but that's where we speak and other people repeat it and we go find those people that believe like we do and we get them to repeat. We're a broadcasting channel. But he says that's not the way it works. We've got to be a receiving channel. We've got to catch what he's saying. Amen. In an echo chamber, we plan, we think, we speak, we decide. And but in this one he says now it's different because we've lost our own thinking. Brother Brown would say you've got no thought coming. He says you've lost your own thinking. Amen. And now this bride is receiving a gospel. She's receiving a word. She's receiving the plan and purpose of God. And now her role is to play that on repeat until it comes forth. Amen. That's all that she can say because she is receiving. She's not a broadcast. She's just reflecting what comes in. She's a microphone. That's all she is. Amen. We don't have to try and sort it out. We just have to receive it. What did Mary say? How can these things be? Now, when he said, "You're going to be overshadowed by the Holy Ghost." Do you think Mary understood all all the technicalities of how God was going to put a creative uh baby inside of her? No. But what did she say? Be it unto me according to thy word. She received the word. We don't have to argue at church. We don't have to explain it. We don't have to rebuke people when they come against us. We just have to stay with the word. It's that simple. Amen. We just repeat what the spirit of God is saying. And that's what keeps us in the channel of Christ, in the mind of Christ. Watch this. He says, "Then if you abide in me and my word abide in you, then you have God, the word in you." He said, "You believe the word just as you believe God because it is God and it's inseparable." Then he says, "If you have God's word in you and you have God's life in you," he says, then you have God in you. Remember Jesus said, "You've got to worship me in spirit and in truth." What he's saying here is if you've got the truth and you've got the spirit, you've got God. &gt;&gt; You've got all that he is. At least as much as it's revealed to us in this time and season. He says, "And then whatever God's word speaks forth out of you, it'll have to come to pass just like it was spoke from God." says, in other words, just as if it was spoken from God. Notice he doesn't say you speak. He says the word speaks forth out of you. Completely different situation. Amen. Jesus said, "My word has to abide in you before you get what you ask for." We've seen the spoken word in operation, haven't we? We saw it in Moses day. We saw it in Joshua's day. We saw it in Samuel's day. We saw it in Jesus day. We saw it in the apostles day and we saw it in our day. We saw a prophet with the spoken word. But what was it church? It was a ch it was a person operating under the channel of the word of God for their life, walking in faith according to what the spirit of God had said to them. And so when they spoke, they did it by obedience, by revelation, not by determining it themselves. That's the only way it'll work. Why? Because it was God's word, not their word. It was God's plan, not their plan. It was God's desire, not their want. It was all God. Amen. It was a surrendered life, living out, speaking out the word that had been brought to them. He says, Jesus said, "Whatever you ask my fa the father in my name, that will I do." He says, "Did you ever realize what that means? You realize if we go before God in the name of Jesus, it's just the same as Jesus himself praying." Whoa. He says it isn't me praying anymore. If I come in his name and he recognizes his name and Jesus said whatever you ask the father in my name that I do. And then I go to the father in Jesus name. He says it isn't me preaching anymore. It's Jesus. It's his spirit praying through me. Church, now we're getting somewhere. Now we're getting somewhere. But you do you see the difference of what he's saying? Because what he's saying is sometimes we're praying and it's us praying. It's our will. It's our desire. It's our discernment. It's our thinking. It's our preference. But he says, but there's a reality. There is a channel where you can come to a place, a unity of Christ where you come before the throne of God. And it's not you that's praying out. It's the spirit that's praying through you. And it brings you to a place where you catch exactly what God wants. Amen. It brings you into the very will of God. And now you're praying exactly what he wants to be done, not just praying for your thing. Church, there's nothing wrong with going in and praying for our preferences. And I say that by the authority of the word. Jesus in the garden of Gethsemane said, "If it be possible, let this cup pass from me." His preference, the man, Jesus of Nazareth, the preference of that man praying was, "I don't want to die. I don't want to go through the pain, the rejection, the hardship, the beating at the whipping post. I don't want to go through a crucifixion. I don't want to die. And guess what? A lot of times that's how we enter prayer, isn't it? I don't want. I don't want. Or I do want. I do want. I do want. Nothing wrong with it. But how did Jesus finish? Nevertheless, not my will, but thine be done. And then what did he do? He took himself back in obedience to the word and he prayed and acted according to the word. Amen. There's a place there where we can come in and our prayer is what he wants. Our desire is what he wants. Our actions are what he wants. We're completely surrendered to him. Church, that means there's a there's a time of prayer for seeking way before there's a time of prayer for speaking. So often we're talking hearing about speak the word, but how often are we hearing about seek the word? There's this presumption that we automatically speak the word. And we're right, church. I can find something in this Bible to support just about anything I want in my life right now. If I want to go find a scripture that supports a carnal or a fleshly desire or intention or plan, I can find it in the word if I want it. Now, I can't pull it through the whole word, but I can find a word. But we've got to be led by the spirit. Remember David when he fought the Philistines, he went into a valley and he faced them head-on. He defeated them. They came back to the exact same valley and David prayed again and God said, "Don't do it that way. Do it another way this time." And that's the only way you're going to get victory. You got to come up behind them. You got to wait till you hear the sound of them marching in the malberry trees, then attack. And God gave him victory. Same exact circumstance. Two different ways to go about it to get victory. Led by the spirit. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Amen. that shows me there's a place. And we can come in and we say, "Lord, I've got lots of ideas. I've got lots of emotions. I've got discernment. I've got this is what I see. This is what I think. I've got relationships. I've got influences. But Lord, there's one thing I want. That's your will." That's the the most powerful thing a believer can do is say, "Lord, what's your will?" I've been praying about a situation for quite some time now, just dealing with a a certain person, a certain situation, and it hasn't been resolved yet. haven't even approached it yet. And I've gone and I've said and I literally just praying this yesterday specifically. And I said, 'Lord, here's what I'm seeing. Here's what my discernment says. Here's how I'm feeling. And I said, and here's the attitude I'm taking. I said, but I'm not sure that's right. So I said, Lord, what do you want me to do? I said, and Lord, let's start with me first. Lord, what attitude do I take? Because if my attitude's wrong, it won't matter what else happens after that. So Lord, give me the right attitude before I make any moves here. Give me the right attitude. And then after that, Lord, show me how to approach it because I don't know if I'm right or wrong. I don't know if I've been right or wrong. I don't know about you, I've been right a few times and I've been wrong a whole lot of times as a Holy Ghost-filled person. I'm not always right. We've got to be led by the spirit. Amen. But I laid it out before God. I laid out the good, the bad, the ugly, how I was feeling, what I didn't like, what I did like, you know, all of my concerns. And I just said, "Lord, show me the right approach." And that's what I'm waiting on. And until I get that, I won't make a move because it's not about me. Church, like we said, I don't have a thought coming. How I feel, how I agree, how I disagree with somebody, it doesn't make any difference. I don't have a thought coming. It's Lord, what would you have your servant to do? That's the approach every day. I don't have a feeling. I don't have an emotion. I don't have a discernment that's worth uh overriding the will and the knowledge of God. He knows all things. Amen. And if he'll show me what to do, the results will be exactly the way he wants it. It'll be perfect. The results will come out in the meantime. He's got a chance to work on me. Amen. We all need to be shaped. We all need to be trimmed into his image. And he can start working on me in the meantime. So many times I found that these things are not about the other person. They're often about me anyways. So, it's good to go in and say, 'Lord, what do you need to do with me before we start working on this other situation? Last quote as we start to close. He says, "And then I've got to receive what I asked for because he said it and it's God's own word. It can't do nothing else but produce just what it said." He says, "So then we believe that we and this is the confidence we have in God that we get what we ask for for he's God and cannot take back his word. He's got to stay with his word. He says, "So then if you abide in me and my words abide in you, ask what you will and it'll be given unto you." He says, "Isn't that simple? Faith created," he says, "we were made for that purpose. Then through the fall, he says, why? We were taken away from that and then in redemption, we were brought back to it again." Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this evening, church. That's the place I want to live. Amen. I want a place where it's not me speaking, it's him speaking. Amen. A place where it's him moving, not me moving. Where it's him praying, not me praying. Amen. Where it's him desiring, not me wanting. Amen. We can stand. The musicians can come. It's not just about having the Holy Spirit. Like we said before, that's just really the start of the journey. But now it's to be used by the spirit. And I'm not preaching this as if we're not being used. I believe we are. I believe we are I won't I won't name names but it was a real encouragement to me that uh someone had shared with me they were going through a particular thing and they said you know someone just felt to give me this this verse to kind of help guide me through this situation he said and then you came and you preached on that exact thing. Well, you know why that's an encouragement to me? Because it means I'm not doing this all alone. It means that we've got sons and daughters that are led by the spirit of God that God can use them and move them. And then what he does is he can come behind and use me to confirm it sometimes. But that we're not all just looking to the to the ministry to do this, but that the spirit of God moves in hearts and in souls to to help each other and to support each other and to help guide each other in these different things. Amen. But that's where I want to be. Ready to move, ready to act, ready to speak, ready to shut up. Whatever he would have me to do, to be so close, church, that when he moves, I know exactly what he wants done. to be so close to him in that. Amen. That's what the bride is. She's yielded to the bridegroom to the point where in the end there's no distinguishing between him and her. That's really where we're going to go with this series as we start to close it out over the coming weeks is that that singleness, that unity of that perfect union with Christ, where we're so close, where what we're feeding on, what we're dwelling on, what we're thinking on, what we're fellowshipping on, it is Christ, Christ, Christ. And so nothing else can come in. And so it just starts to produce him in a greater and greater way. And we start to just go up and up and up and up. Then we have that last little moment and then we're gone. Amen. That's where I want to be. I say, "God, help us to draw closer to him." Amen. That as he moves, as he speaks, how do you I you know, you you know this if you've been married a while, you get to the point where you know what they're going to say. You know what they want. you know how they're going to respond before they ever say or speak or do anything. That's where Christ wants to be with us. That we know what he wants because we've spent so much time with him. That we know how he speaks because we've heard him speak so many times. That we know when to move because we've moved on his leadership so many times. It's become so natural for us that everything else feels unnatural. Amen. church. I would love it to be to the point where everything this world tries to throw at me is so unnatural it has no power. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want to be closer to you, Lord. This word is supposed to be preparing a bride, Lord. And I believe it is, Lord, but it's a separation, Lord. Not just from the world, but from our flesh and from our mind and our thoughts and our feelings and all these things that Satan likes to just get riled up and work with, Lord. Lord, but there's a soul and there's a control tower in that soul, Lord. And there's a presence of your spirit in there to help lead us and guide us day by day, Lord. I pray that that would just be magnified day by day, Lord. That you would just have a complete and total control over our lives, Lord. that we would yearn and seek and hunger after those things, Lord. That our our thirst, Lord, would just be tuned, Lord. Attuned to tasting and seeing, Lord, the goodness of you, Lord, that we'd not be satisfied with the sweetness of this world and the the temptations of this world, Lord. But, Lord, but that the rich food, the fresh mana, Lord, your word that you've given to us would be our satisfying portion. and heavenly father. Lord, I pray you create a deeper hunger and thirst inside of us for these things, Lord, that we would want to be closer to you, Lord. It's not all signs and wonders, Lord, but it's that simple, humble, victorious Christian life that I'm seeking tonight, Lord. The arrest will follow, Lord. If you're in the right position, if you're in a place of preeminence in our life, Lord, Lord, if we're truly surrendered, everything else will come in. Lord, I pray you help us to be surrendered to you, Lord. So used to your presence, Lord, that nothing else can take your place. Lord, be with your people. Bless those that made it out tonight. Lord, we pray a special grace, Lord, to the Snow family, Lord, the family of Brother Albert Snow. Praying your comfort and mercy and and just your compassion on them in these coming days. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Jesus, draw me close. 766 [Music] Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you and let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you. For I desire to worship and obey Jesus draw me closeer [Music] Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer Lord to you. For I desire to worship and oy, Lord, I give you my heart. 10:19 And this is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. And all I have within me, I give you praise. And all that I adore is in you. And Lord, I gave you my heart. I gave you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. And all that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you, alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're going to sing that song, Show Me Your Way, 11:57. I'm going to ask brother David to close in prayer if he would. Amen. Remember the fires that are nearby. Remember those that potentially have to deal with it. Amen. Remember those that are traveling on vacation. Uh I think camp starts tomorrow maybe for Sister Selena, Brother Matt, Sister Amber, and the family down there. So just praying the Lord would certainly uh refresh them. Amen. and give them an enjoyable time that his spirit would move in a tremendous and wonderful lasting way not only in their lives but all those that are there. Amen. I uh spoke briefly with brother Aaron Oglesby this afternoon just to get him prepped for the schedule and these things but he's very excited to be coming looking forward to it. So we want to remember that I think we're going to have 90 people plus or minus four or five. So we've got a full full camp a lot of people coming and then we don't want it to be in vain. We don't just want to be a gathering, a community, but we want the spirit of God, amen, to move in a wonderful way. Fill our young people with his spirit. Refill us with his spirit. Amen. I don't want to lose a blessing either. Amen. One baptism, but many refillings. Amen. That God would work in our lives. Use our brother Aaron in a special way. Amen. Let's sing this a couple times. And brother David, if you would close in prayer. Show me your way. that I may walk with you. Show me your way. [Music] And I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. So show me your way. So show me your way [Music] that I may walk with you. Show me your way. [Music] I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. So, show me your way. One more time. Show me your way that I may walk with you. Show me your way. [Music] I put my hope in you. For the cry of my heart is to love you more to live with the touch of your hand. stronger each day. Show me your way. [Music] Bless you Lord. We just want to pause Lord to thank you once again Lord to be able to come here mighty God I saw you from the world and the things of the world Lord to hear from you. We know Lord each time he does it Lord is not in vain. We just pray mighty God that we give you the glory Lord all the glory you deserve for that our God and our God alone our sovereign you know no other God there's no other savior so Lord we know there's no other place to go Lord to hear from you only from your word Lord we come here each service this is the place to go Lord so blessed Lord we just want to thank you Lord again Lord today Lord you blessed us with your word Lord Lord, there's only two or threes come here, Lord, to hear your word today. But it doesn't matter, Lord. You're still in the midst. Lord, before we go here, Lord, we just want to ask your grace, Lord, for all the prayer requests just mentioned, Lord, that you'll answer prayer for each one. And that's on our hearts, oh Lord God, that you'll answer prayer also, Lord. Not for us, Lord, our sake, but for your glory, Lord, for your sake, Lord, for your word's sake, your body's sake. Answer prayer, Lord, that you may receive glory unto yourself. Mighty God, we ask your grace, Lord, to all those who travel. You watch over each one, Lord, that no harm will come to anyone. You bring them back here, Lord, safely again. And help us Lord to be fervent Lord in your in you Lord in your word in our lives Lord in all that we do and think. Help us Lord to be stubborn Lord for you Lord and fervent Lord against the enemy Lord to use your word against them as is our our only means Lord of success Lord is your word. So bless each one Lord we leave her tonight Lord. Watch over each one protect each one Lord. give us a safe trip to her places of a board, Lord, until we meet again here. Mighty God, help us, Lord, to be true and faithful to you, Lord, and to your word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
