################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - 20250511 - A Mother's Authority - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    20250511 - A Mother's Authority - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S9oHHl6qFA
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sphnVB7dBqF5eONSbd2omoVBd7c9st7o/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Stand. He's got it all in control. Amen. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. Amen. He's got it all in control. Praise the Lord. My father knows what I need. Amen. Praise the Lord. My father knows what I [Music] need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. Praise the Lord. Father knows what I need. Praise the Lord. I put my life in his hands. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. I put my life in his [Music] hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. Amen. I put my life in his hand. He's got it all. He's got it all in control. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's got it all in control. lose. But that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. My father knows what I need. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. Amen. My father knows. Hallelujah. Amen. I put my life in his hand. I put my life in his hand. Amen. I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I put my life in his hands. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's the safest place to be, isn't it? To put our lives in his hands. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. It is 7:21. He's able, more than able. Praise the Lord. Believe that this morning. Amen. Let's uh I'm just going to ask brother Matt again if you just come and open in prayer and remember to pray for brother John of course and uh his eye uh we just want to continue praying not only praying but believing for for his healing. Amen. And as the word comes forth may come forth in power this morning. Touch every heart. Remember brother Gord Snow as well. He's still in hospital. God willing he'll be getting out tomorrow. So, we just want to remember brother Gourd and uh sister brother Chad is u he's home today. Sister Leah is sick. So, we just want to remember them in prayer. So, they're going to be online watching and um also brother Nelson guy was talking to him and he asked me to greet everybody in the church and requested that we continue to pray for him. Sister Blanca, Sister Selena away in California. So want to remember them at this time as well. Also uh continue to pray for the special meetings coming up on the 23rd. The deacons have sent out a note so you can follow that for the schedule. And uh happy Mother's Day to all the mothers. God bless you all both those here and those online. May God bless each and every one of them. Amen. Amen. And he's able more than able. That better man will open in prayer. He is able more than a praise the Lord. To accomplish what concerns me today. Amen. He is aable more than a He can handle anything that comes my way. He is able more than a hallelujah to do much more than I could ever dream. He is aable more than able. Praise the Lord. To make me what he wants me to be. Sing it again. He is a hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. to accomplish what concerns me today. He is able. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord. He can handle anything that comes my way. He's aable, more than [Music] a to do much more than I could ever dream. Amen. He is aable more than a to make me what he wants me to be. Amen. Praise the Lord. My dear gracious heavenly father Lord want to thank you for another opportunity Lord just to come and to express our love and thanks to you Lord. Well Lord with so many things going on in the world around us chaos just seems to be increasing Lord. I pray that you just help us to focus on what you can do for us today. Lord may we not forget to look for you in the little things in our lives. Father, I pray that you just continue to help us to to grow and to grow closer to each other and to you, Lord. Especially Lord, forgive us of the weaknesses in our lives that we're still struggling to overcome. Lord, may you may you just give us the strength, Lord, to to do the impossible in our lives. Father, grace, Lord, to all the saints, Lord, that couldn't make it for various reasons, Lord. I know their hearts desires to be here. Lord, may you just give him a double portion, Father, is my prayer. Grace to Brother Gore, Lord, may you continue to raise him up and heal him, Lord. Sister Laura Snow, Sister Blanca, Sister Selena, they're still away. Brother Nelson, Lord, Lord, it's been a long road for him, Father. But may you just draw in there and strengthen them and heal him completely, Father. Strengthen his testimony, Lord. Special meetings coming up, Lord, and Brother Chad and his family, Lord. Sister Lee not feeling good. Lord, you're still the healer, the provider. There's so many attributes, Lord, that we can never thank you enough for each one that are manifested in each one of us, Lord. Grace especially, Lord, to all the mothers, Lord. May you just draw near to him, Lord, and also give him a special anointing, Father. Lord, I pray you especially be with the service today, Lord. Grace to brother Jonathan as he comes, Lord. Each one of us need to hear something special from you, Lord. May we just be here listening. Help us Lord to just get into that channel to receive. Lord, we love you Lord and pray you just be with the service. Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. 264. You ask me why I'm happy. My sins are gone. Amen. Reason to rejoice and to be happy. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Amen. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. Amen. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary, as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Lord took my possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. Praise the Lord. Oh, there underneath the light on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawning in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and he tries to make me down, I say my sins are gone. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You've got me into drama, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. Praise the Lord. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far as darkness is from dying, the sea of God's forgetfulness. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because Amen. My sins are gone. Praise the Lord. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know. Amen. Hallelujah. You bear underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. Hallelujah. When Satan comes When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me down, I say, "Amen. My sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me up. Amen. My sins are gone. Praise the Lord. there underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. Amen. From dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. Our sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. Amen. From dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. 7:19. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous ride in. And they are saved. The name of the Lord is my strong power. The righteous run in. Amen. And they are save. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Applause] Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Hallelujah. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run in. Amen. Hallelujah. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run in and they are saved. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. Amen. Blessed be his name. Amen. 794. You're all I want. Amen. Draw me close to you. Amen. Never let me go. Hallelujah. I lay it all down again to hear you say that I'm your friend. I desire. No one else will. Nothing else can take your place. Amen. Feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find the way. Bring me back to you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You're all I want. Amen. Hallelujah. You're all I ever needed. You're all I want. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Help me know you are near. Draw me close to you. Yes, Lord. [Music] Amen. Never let me grow. Hallelujah. I lay it all down again. to hear you say that. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. You are by his side. Hallelujah. No one else will do. Nothing else can take your place to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find the way. Bring me back to you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You are all I want. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are all I ever. You're all I want. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. help you, my dear. You're all I want. Amen. Yes, Jesus. Hallelujah. You're all needed. Praise the Lord. You're all Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Happy know you are here. You're all I want. Amen. Hallelujah. You're all I ever needed. You're all I want. Amen. How great are you, my dear? Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We're going to sing the chorus uh Touch Your People once again. It's uh 10:05. Just a chorus. We have a special this morning and uh the sisters in the front row are going to come and sing. And the second row too, I think, right? Amen. Praise the Lord. So, let's uh be in prayer for them, Sister Amber and the girls, and be uh be in prayer for them. So, let's go. Let's sing this and they'll come. Touch your people once again. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth through a living glorious church. Amen. Not for temporary deeds, but to restore authority and power a mighty rushing wind. Blow him. Hallelujah. Touch your people once again. Touch your people once again. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingdom shine upon this earth. through a living. Amen. Not for temporary. Hallelujah. The spirit of glory and power. Let a mighty rushing wind. Hallelujah. Touch your people on. Let's sing it one more time. Hallelujah. Oh, touch your people once again. Praise the Lord. With your precious holy hand we pray. Let your kingom shine upon this earth. to my living God for his not for tempered. Hallelujah. But to restore Hallelujah. Let a mighty rushing wind blow. Amen. Touch your people once again. [Music] Lord, you said you'd come and take your bride away, but only those who have the oil will be saved. Our Elijah brought the evening light to guide us through the darkest night. You revealed your word. Soon we'll take our eagle of flight. And now is the time. Time to spread our wings and fly. Just keep your eyes upon the sun and watch your shackles fall off one by one. Spread your wings and break through. T my strength will carry you. Your redemption drawn night. Your journeys over this world goodbye. It's time to fly. I hear a voice screaming, "Stay in line. Don't lose your step. Keep on marching, little bride. There's a war between my flesh and soul. But praise the Lord, I feel the pole. I saw my name. Now I stand invincible. And now is the time. Time to spread our wings and fly. Just keep your eyes upon the sun and watch your shackles fall off one by one. Spread your wings and break through. Shad my strength will carry you. Your redemption drawth nine. Your journey's over. Bit this world goodbye. It's time to fly. I long to hear my Savior say well done. Enter into rest, my good and faithful one. There's a mansion here prepared for you. The untold stories in plain view. Your home at last. Your battle days are [Music] through. They're through. And now is the time. Time to spread our wings and fly. Just keep your eyes upon the sun and watch your shackles fall off one by one. Spread your wings and break through. Sh my strength will carry you. Your redemption draw with nine. Your journeys over this world of light. It's time to fly. And now is the time. Time to spread our wings and fly. Just keep your eyes upon the sun and watch your shackles fall off one by one. Spread your wings and break through. Shine my strength will carry you. Your redemption drawth nine. Your journey's over. Pit this world goodbye. It's time to fly. Spread your wings and break through. Chad, my strength will carry you. Your redemption drawn night. Your journeys over this world goodbye. It's time to fly. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Wonderful song at uh very timely for the age that we're living in. Amen. Well, let's sing. I think it's 11:87. It's u spread your wings illegal. Let's sing that. Well done on the song. Praise the Lord. Well done. Spread your [Music] wings, little eagle, and fly. Amen. You weren't born for the valley. You were born for the sky. Let's stand. Let your trials get you down. Or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with [Music] wings, little eagle and fly. Spread your wings. Hallelujah. Little eagle and fly. You weren't born for the valley. Amen. You were born for the sky. Hallelujah. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with [Music] wings with e. Amen. One more time. Let's sing it. Hallelujah. So spread your wings and God bless you and [Music] fly. You were born for the [Music] valley. You were born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down. Or drive your spirit to the ground. Bound up with wings [Music] and go and fly. Hallelujah. Lord, that's the anointing on us this this age, Lord, in this time, this end time, Lord. There's four beasts that project your power and your authority, Lord. And we're under that eagle anointing in that last age, Heavenly Father. And it's not something that changes our circumstances, Lord. But it changes our position, Lord. It changes our view. It changes our perspective on things, Lord God. It's when we can rise above it, Lord, soar beyond it, Lord, to where it can't touch us anymore, Lord. That's when we rest in faith. That's when we fly by faith, Lord. That's when we're resting in the promises of the word, Lord, that you are yay and amen and you do what you say you will do, heavenly father. Lord, we're thankful this morning. We have a spirit within us that raises us. Lord, if we'll let it, Lord, if we'll let you do what you promised to do, it'll have the effect, heavenly father. So, I pray your grace to us this morning, Lord. Lift us higher, Lord. Let us see from a heavenly perspective, Lord. Let us see through your eyes. Let us see through the position that you placed us in where we're standing this morning, Lord God. Lord, bless your people, we pray. Have your way in the service. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to to Second Timothy chapter 1. 2 Timothy chapter 1. Amen. Enjoyed that special by the coffee family this morning. Certainly a whole family effort and uh really appreciated that. want to say happy Mother's Day to to all the fifth gospels here this morning. Amen. God bless you. Amen. It's certainly wonderful to have godly mothers and we might take this day to thank them, but we ought to thank them every day. We ought to be appreciative of the things that they do every single day. And we pray God bless you not just today, but every day as you stay in your position and are faithful to the word that he would just bless you and strengthen you day by day. Amen. Brother Garfield, I sure enjoyed the service on Wednesday. Had a wonderful time in the Lord. You know, we were listening to that long list of prayer requests that Brother Bob read out and I think that's the longest list we've had in a while and I was talking to my wife afterwards. She said, and I felt the same way that it feels like we're under attack. Feels like we're under attack. And then we have somebody that comes and preaches about the great conflict. Amen. So, I appreciate that, Brother Garfield. I feel it was very timely. Amen. Let of the Lord. And I appreciate it. It was good for me personally. It's been a struggle for me the last few weeks and months, even this last week, and certainly with my eye, but I've got a sinus problem. I've got a throat problem. I've got a foot problem. My wife's not here. You talk about under attack. Amen. But I'm in perfect position this morning. Amen. I'm here to preach and it's not in my strength, but it's in my weakness that he can be made perfect. Amen. So, we're just trusting him. As I mentioned to most of you on the chat and texted a few of you that I do have eye surgery scheduled for May 20. So we thank the Lord for that. It has started to drain. So if you see me winking funny that it's just me trying to clear my eye while I'm preaching. But we're thankful that the Lord has made a way trusting that'll be the end of it and we can just move forward from there. But keep me in prayer in that. Amen. God bless you. Second Timothy 1 and verse three says this. I thank God whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day. He's talking to Timothy now. Greatly desiring to see thee, being mindful of thy tears, that I may be filled with joy, when I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith, the sincere, the true faith, not the the non-hypocritical faith that that is in thee, he says, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois and thy mother Ununice. And I am persuaded that it is in thee also. This is the value of a believing mother passed down. You've got a grandmother that believed, a mother that believed, and now you've got Timothy who's a chosen vessel of God as well. And I don't have it up, but let's continue in verse 6 and 7. He says, "Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God which is in thee by the putting on of my hands. For God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love, and of a sound mind." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. And I I guess most people would know by now I don't do topical messages. I don't say that it's a certain holiday and therefore we're going to preach on something. And if you look back and I did go back and look, I don't think I preached a Mother's Day service since I moved here or a sermon since we moved here. But and so I don't just preach a sermon on mothers or fathers or these different things. But I was reading uh my Bible and my devotions the other the morning. This thought dropped in my heart. And so I felt to speak on it this morning. Now, I want to take a thought this morning of a mother's authority. Amen. A mother's authority. And I want to speak to our sisters this morning. And this is a real burden on my heart. I'm trusting the Lord will help me to get it out. But brothers, you don't get to check out. Amen. You don't get to check out because we're speaking to the mothers. Single sisters, you don't get to check out. Amen. This is for all of us because we're all the bride of Christ. Amen. It's going to apply to us in some form or the other. But I want to really focus on our mothers this morning, on our our sisters this morning, and encourage them. And when we speak of authority, so many times when it comes to women, we don't tend to assign them a whole lot of authority because we know that scripturally speaking, women are under headship. Amen. They are not in authority, but rather they are under authority. Scripturally speaking, an unmarried young woman or an unmarried woman is under the headship of her father. And then when she gets married, then that father hands over headship from himself to her husband and she is subject to those men. In other words, she is under their authority. And that's something that God has established since the fall of humanity in Eden. And we know that in Eden, she wasn't under his authority. In Eden, she was perfectly equal. In Eden, they were in perfect unity under the word. They were both under direct headship to the word of God. Amen. But what happened was the woman disbelieved. Then God said, "Because of what you've done now, you have to be under headship. I gave you your own headship and you fell away from it. Now somebody has to take care of you." And so she said, "Your," he said, "your desire now will be to your husband and he will rule over you." And that word rule means to exercise dominion. Now, we're not here to preach some macho gospel this morning. We're not here to preach about men that run over their wives and and drive them hither and yawn and force them to do this and force them to do that. That's not the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. Our wives, our mothers are not doormats. Amen. We don't write wipe our feet on them. They're not there to just do what we say. We're to be led and we're to love them as Christ loved the church. Amen. That's the way we're supposed to treat them. And if we're not, brothers, we need to come to this altar and we need to repent. Amen. We've got to treat them as Christ treats us. How does he treat us, church? Mercifully, graciously, lovingly, long-sufferingly. That's the way that we're supposed to do it. Amen. But and so now that the woman has been placed under headship, that's a strong thing to preach these days. That she's under somebody else's authority. But listen, church, God has an order. And God has set an order. And to be in his will, you have to be in his order. But it's got to be a scriptural order. It's got to be the way that he does it. But that doesn't mean that because a wife or or a woman is under authority that she doesn't have authority. But her head her authority now comes through her headship rather than through herself. And so she does have authority. And I want to take us back to the very beginning. When we preach, we always go back to the beginning because if it's established in the beginning, we can have faith that it'll move through to the end. And at the beginning, God gave a very short and concise command to the man and the woman. In Genesis 1, it said, "So God created man in his own image, and in the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "How do you stay in God's blessing, church? Stay in God's word." He says, "Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowls of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." Now, from the beginning, recognize that humanity was supposed to have dominion. They were in authority. And God expected them to use that authority to do what he had told them to do. Not authority to go do whatever they wanted to do, but their authority was given to them to do what God had told them to do. Amen. They were sons and daughters of God. Adam was the son of God. That's literally what the what the scripture says. Adam who was the son of God. You look at the genealogy. Adam was the son of God. If Adam's a son of God, what is Eve? She's a daughter of God. They were many gods on this earth. They had spoken word power. They had creative power. They had controlling power. They had full authority here. And you see the authority they had because when Christ came, he exhibited the exact same authority that Adam would have had. He was the second Adam. He was the son of God. Amen. Now, they were not on earth to be worshiped. That belongs to God. But they were on earth to be obeyed. Everything answered to them. Amen. And so as a child of God, you are born with access to the authority that God has given you by your position. Now, we know that humanity when they fell into sin, we know how it happened. We're not here to blame the sisters this morning. Amen. But we're here to focus on our position this morning. And you'll notice that after the the the the humanity changed by sin, the command never changed. The command never changed. But now the command becomes a whole lot harder. Now the man still has to till and work the ground and take care of things. But now the ground is fighting him. Now the earth is fighting him. He doesn't have dominion anymore. And so the woman is now still supposed to help replenish the earth. She's still supposed to produce children. She's still supposed to help the husband. But now her body's fighting her. And now there's pain and there's sorrow associated with the command that God's given. But the command hasn't changed. Amen. And so the command is still there for that woman to help her husband and to produce children. Amen. And I'm saying that to say this this morning. Your authority lies in your word position. That's where your authority lies this morning. It doesn't lie in what the world tells you. Doesn't lie in what your pastor tells you. It lies in what the word tells you. Amen. And in there, you have authority by obedience. You have authority by revelation. You have authority by sticking with it. That's where your authority lies this morning. Amen. And the authority of a believer is always found through the word of God by the Holy Spirit quickening it to him. Amen. We would call it in the military. You're in the line of duty. Amen. You're standing where you're supposed to stand doing what you've been told to do. That's where your authority comes from for the believer. Amen. Listen to this quote. He said, "One writer said at one time when they got in that place, wonder what Moses would do. And he had one command. Go forward." He says, "If you're in the line of duty, no matter what stays in the way, the greatest experiences I've ever had are to come up against something I couldn't get over it or under it, and just stand there and watch God make a way through it." That's the way to do it. He says, "Just move. Keep moving. Press your nose against it. Just keep moving on. Just keep going on. God will make a way." You know, it reminded me of the boxers pre-fight. Before they ever do that, the the the referee comes up and he gives them the rules and they stand there and they stare each other in the face. And sometimes they'll get right here literally to where they're almost touching noses. And what are they trying to do? Intimidate the other person. They don't blink. They don't look away. They just stand there and they stare and they're trying to psych the other one out. That's what brother's saying. He's saying when you come to something you can't move, don't move back. You hold fast because God has taken you there. You're in the line of duty. You're in the word. And therefore, do not move back. Don't let him push you back. Don't let him intimidate you. Don't let the situation intimidate you. Remember who brought you to this place. And as brother Garfield reminded us, we don't have any armor on our back. So, we've got to face our enemy at all times. Don't let him intimidate you. Amen. He says this, "When you do everything that you can do in the line of duty, then it's God's business to provide a way. It's not your business. It's your business to stand. It's his business to provide a way through. There are things we cannot make change. There are things we cannot move. There are things we cannot influence. But what we can do is hold our ground until God gives us a way through this morning." Amen. So, what is the line of duty for a mother? Where's your line of duty? Where's your post of duty mothers this morning? Sister Melody, is this your mother here this morning? God bless you, sister. It's good to see you here. Amen. Wonderful to finally see her here. Sorry I just get to preaching. I don't even look at faces when I'm preaching half the time. I'm just preaching. But God bless you. It's good to to have you here. But where is your word? Where's your word post of duty? Where's your line of duty, mothers this morning? Let's go to what the word says, not where the word doesn't say. Because too often what we're doing is we're stepping into the liberty of what the scripture doesn't say. And we're completely ignoring what the sister or what the word tells us to do. If your liberty takes you into a place where you can't fulfill what the word tells you to do, you've got a problem. You've got a problem because God's liberty to you can't take you away from the word of God, from doing what God tells you to do. Amen. Listen to what Paul says. And he's talking to Titus now. He says, "But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine, things that are proven." He says, "That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith and charity and patience." Brothers, that's for you this morning. Now listen here. He says, "The aged women, the older women, likewise, that they be in behavior, not in word only, in behavior as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things." Sisters, this is how you're supposed to end up. You won't start this way, but this is how you're supposed to end up. You're supposed to have holy behavior, not just talkers, but doers. Amen. You're supposed to be teachers of good things with your tongue under control. What's the purpose? Why? Why is God requiring this? What he says? That they may teach the younger women, the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chasteed, keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands. Why? That the word of God be not blasphemed. Here's your word authority, mothers. Here's where you can hold God accountable. Here's where you can hold yourself accountable this morning. Amen. God said from the very beginning that you are a perfect help. You are specific help. You are a custombuilt help. You are literally the completion of your husband. You're the part he never knew he was missing. You're bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh. Sin has separated you from the process that should have brought you in by the spoken word. But when you come to him, you are not, as many people misquote, you are not a helpmate. You are a help meat, which means you are specifically created to match up to the missing portion of him. You are built to fit into his life perfectly. You are his strength where he is weak and he is your strength where you are weak. You add to him. You do not diminish him. Everything about you is perfect for that man. Amen. Now, what did Paul tell the women and the young women in particular to prepare for and be taught? To have a big career, to go out in the world and make a lot of money, to be influential, to be an eloquent speaker, to be a preacher. No. Paul said you need to be prepared to be a wife and a mother. You say, "Brother John, I don't have a husband." Get ready. That's what he's saying. He's saying you got to teach them before they become it so that when they get there, they know what they're supposed to do. The time to learn is before. Because when you get married and you don't have a clue, that's a hard time to be a parent. That's a hard time to be a mother. That's a hard time to be a father and a husband. The time to learn is before then so that you walk in with at least an idea of what you're supposed to do. And that doesn't come naturally. You got to learn. You've got to grow. You've got to humble yourself. You got to surrender. That's why Paul says the older women have to teach. You'll notice the command here is to them to be taught, not just for them to learn. Somebody's got to teach them. And whether they take it or not, it's on them. But that doesn't stop the older women from teaching. Listen, whether they're accepting it or not, sisters, you got to keep teaching. You got to keep speaking. You got to keep living by example, they can choose to take it or not to take it. But your requirement by the word is to teach. So whether you're a mother, you're a a middle-aged sister, whether you're a grandmother, I'm sorry, sisters, you don't get to retire. You don't get to retire. You're at the apex of your of your testimony, and you're there to show the rest of them how it's done. Same with the older men. There is no retiring for a believer. You're always in the battle. You're always a part of the body. We need you until God takes you away. There's no rest for the weary. I'm sorry. There's a little bit. There's a little bit. But you're here for a reason. Amen. But what does he What do they need to be taught? Yeah. I thought it's amazing what the depths that Paul goes into here. And he starts out the first thing he says they need to be taught to be sober. You know what that word sober means? To restore one to her senses, to moderate, to control, to curb, to disciple, to hold one to her duty, to admonish and exhort earnestly. He says they need to be taught to love their husbands and their children. First of all, to expect the husband and children because that's the blessings of God. And then when they get them to love them. And we'd think that'd be self-explanatory except the scripture shows us that women need to learn to love their husbands because the way that they want to love their husbands is not the way that their husbands need to be loved. Your sisters will find and if you're taught properly that the way you love a man first is through respect and second through your actions. You've got to respect him before you can ever hope to love him because that's the re that's what he requires. He requires the respect of his wife. Amen. And then afterwards, your actions will follow up. Listen, kids love a hug and a kiss. And it's not that men don't love a hug and a kiss. We love a hug and a kiss, but we love respect more than we love those things because it it establishes our position relative to you. Okay? He says that you've got to be taught to be discreet. That word discreet means soundminded, sane, moderate in approach, self-controlled, not giving into impulses. It speaks of financial modesty. It speaks of living within your means. It speaks of making a calculated and sound decision every single day. Okay? He says you have to be taught to be keepers at home. That means you're the watch guard. You're the watch person. Listen, daddy goes out the door every morning and who's going to guard the home? It's just you sisters. It's just you mothers. And so you become the watchman of the house. And if the husband isn't there to watch it and you're not there to watch it, then who's going to guard the home? Children left to their own their their own devices are going to end up poorly, church. I'm sorry. That's just the way it is. I was a child once. Leave me to my own devices. I found trouble every time. We need a guard over our homes. He says they have to be taught to be good. This is a beautiful word. I hope I'm not stepping on toes when I say this. Good means pleasant, agreeable, joyful, happy, excellent, honorable, distinguished, and useful. That's a lot. Now, sisters, I hope you're not I'm not trying to put you in a box this morning. I'm taking us somewhere. So, stay with me. So, if you're feeling guilty, just set it aside for now, okay? We're going to get you past the guilt. If you feel like you're not like that, we're going to get you past it this morning. But I'm trying to show you what God's expectations are. I'm trying to show you what's possible. I'm trying to show you what have you have authority for. He said they've got to be taught to be obedient. And that's a very touchy subject today, but the scripture is clear that the man is the head of the house and Christ is the head of the man. And you got to keep those things in order. And you'll find that the woman is commanded to obedient. Why, church? Because in her flesh, she doesn't want to obey. That's why she has to be commanded. What are men commanded to do, church? What's good for the goose is good for the gander. We're commanded to love. Not how we want to love, but how she needs to be loved. That's why we need the commandment. Because we have to love as Christ loved. See, we love the physical aspect. We love doing the love that we do best. Some of us men love really well in in providing, but we're horrible in conversation and emotional support. I'm better now. But I was really good at bringing home the bacon. But sitting down and having a heart-to-he heart conversation, sorry, I wasn't good at that. Didn't want it. And I would say, I love my wife. No, I had to love her as Christ loved her and gave as Christ loved the church and gave himself for it. Sacrifice what's uncomfortable. Sacrifice getting out of your comfort zone. Sacrifice what feels good. And look for what benefits her rather than what benefits you. Christ went through an awful hard time for you and I, church. As men, we're supposed to love as Christ love, not love where we're just good at it. But the woman is required and she needs to be taught to obey her husband even when she's in disagreement because God deals with him. You're there to give him your support and your God honest opinion, but it's up to him to what he listens to. And God, he answers to God. And that's the hardest thing. I can't imagine being in that position, sisters. That's very difficult for me to imagine. But God has built you to do that. And if you've got the spirit of God inside of you, you'll be able to do those sorts of things. But church, what's the purpose of all of this? Sisters, why did Paul say do all of this, be all of this, have all of this? He says that the word of God be not blasphemed. So you don't bring a reproach on the word of God. That's why you need to be this way. I was telling someone the other day that I saw a couple being interviewed and they were they were asking the wife about something. It was a Hollywood couple and they were asking her about something and she she she made her answer and then her husband gave a word of support behind her and she turned around and she said, "When I'm talking, you're not talking." She said it twice to him. You talk about his face change. He kind of looked around. I mean, completely embarrassed him and he kind of looked away and she said, I mean, she dressed him down and then she turned back to the camera. She said, "Maybe we can cut this out later of the interview. This is why we can't be here." That's what she said. Anyways, he ended up just wandering off and talking to somebody else. How we treat our spouses, church, is one of the first testimonies we can give in this world to people. And if the way we treat our spouses is no different than how they treat our spouses, where's the Christ in us? Amen. The greatest testimony so many of us have are how we interact with our spouses in this world. the love, the respect, the appreciation, the support, the patience, and sometimes the absorbing of a blow. Amen. We have to be able to show that we're not in we're in this world, but we're not of it. But we're speaking to mothers today, but we're also talking to the not yet mothers because guess what? We've got sisters here that aren't married yet. And what if you don't have a husband this morning? What if you don't have a boyfriend? What if it's maybe not quite on the horizon yet? What do you do? Learn now. Learn now. You'll be far better off starting with something in your purse about how to deal with it, how to cook, how to clean, how to support, how to respond, how to encourage, how to keep a house, how to keep a budget, how to shop. If you can learn that now rather than waiting until you're in the fire of marriage to have to learn all of these things, that's why mama's there right now. That's why Nan's there, why grandma's there right now is to help you learn these different things. The time to learn is now and then. Older sisters, whether you're the middle-aged moms that are here, whether it's our grandmothers that are here, that's what you're here for. You're here to help. You're here to support. You're here to to show these young women how they can come to their senses. Do we need that today, church? Not just for young women, but for everybody. Because the world is trying to invert the roles. They're trying to blend the men and the women. And guess what? God had to find roles. He had to find genders. He had a divine order. He had a divine authority structure. And the world is trying to take it and turn it topsyturvy. They're trying to turn men into women and women into men. I I don't know if you've noticed this, but women do a better job of being women than men do. And men do a better job of being men than women ever can. Why? because God built them, made them, designed them for particular roles and it's in our benefit to stay within those things. But Satan is trying to turn it on its head because he knows if he can break up that structure, he can break up a marriage, he can break up a family, which will break up a church, which will break up a nation. Abraham said when we lost that backbone of motherhood, we lost the nation. Mothers, are you important? You're important. You're important this morning. You've always been important, but the world is trying to take our sisters away from motherhood and focus them on career. Why? Because if they do that, they can break the home. They'll break the home. And when you break the home, the nation is not far behind. We've seen it. We've seen it. Go look across the nation. Go look across the United States. We've seen what happens when we do those things. Amen. But those headships have to be settled by the word, not by societal norms. Societal norms have no power and they have no track record that you want to have any part of. But you got to find your position in the word. So no retirement, sisters. I'm here to tell you this morning, no retirement. You're in the battle until the Lord takes you. Amen. You're still an example. You're still needed. What are you trying to do, church? You're trying to get them into what God has called them to before Satan can get his grubby hands on them. You're trying to protect them. You're trying to teach them. Amen. because they have a massive responsibility. And if they're taught right, they'll have a massive positive impact. They'll have a kingdom impact. If they're poorly taught, they'll have a horrible impact. If they're well taught and they receive it, they'll have a wonderful impact. Amen. And if they're not really taught at all, guess what? They tend to make a mess of things. And then you got to learn at an older age. And that's always tough to do, isn't it, Brother Garfield? Trying to learn things at a old dog, new tricks. It's very difficult. Doesn't mean God can't do it, but it's a lot harder on everybody if we do it. Amen. And the the process starts. Remember what Paul said. He says, "Older women, teach the young women." Whether they learn or not, it's up to them. But you got to stay in the saddle. You got to keep pushing. You got to keep training. You got to keep teaching. You got to keep being an example. Amen. That's it. You're off the hook now. Well, focus on the rest of them. Listen to this. He says, "In a woman that keeps her place and is a lady, there is nothing any more precious outside of salvation to our nation than a real woman." Sisters, where are you standing this morning? Nothing more precious to a nation than our mothers. If they're a real lady, if they're a real Christian outside of salvation, give yourself a pet. Give yourself a pet. Thank you, Sister Nikki. You're important this morning. You're more important than you realize. Amen. Now, I've said all this as a foundation this morning on this thought of a mother's authority because remember what I said, your authority comes from your word position. We're talked about being in the line of duty and you can have confidence that if you're in the line of duty, if you're doing what God told you to do where God told you to do it, that God is going to back you up. Because now God's not backing you up. He's backing the word that you're following. Amen. That's exactly what we need to see. And then you can have confidence in the blessings. You can have confidence in the support, in the strength, in the guidance, in the learning, in the growing, in the strength, in the comfort, in the joy, and the rest, whatever you have need of because you're in the line of duty. Amen. You can have confidence when you're right with God that God's going to do right by you every single time. Amen. I want us to to take a look at some examples this morning. I'll take us back into the word. And I want to take us back to Moses and his birth. And speaking of Moses' parents, it says, "There went a man of the house of Levi and took a wife of a daughter of Levi. And the woman conceived and bare a son. And when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months. And when she could not longer hide him, she took him for she took for him an ark of bull rushes, and dubbed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein, and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink." Now consider this woman, this this mother of Moses. And recognize one thing, church, she's a mother of the covenant. Okay? She's under a promise. The first thing you got to realize, church, is where's my promise? And is it a word promise or is it a world promise? A world promise is not worth it. It's not worth the paper you write it on. But if it's a word promise, you can take it to the eternal bank and cash it every single time. Amen. And she has this child. And I don't know if you notice, it said he was a goodly child. He's different than Aaron. Aaron's a prophet. He's different than Miriam. Miriam's a prophetess, but he's beyond them. He's beyond gifted. He's a goodly child. And she sees that there's something different about him. Now, remember in that time, Pharaoh had said, "You've got to notify us when you're going to have a child." And then he told the midwives and he told the military. He says, "You kill the male children as they're born." And so this woman is under a natural law to give her son up. But she sits there and she sees his child and something strikes her and she says, "This one's different." Now, nobody was giving up their children willfully, church. But now she takes his child and there's something different about them. And so now what she does is she stands in the gap as the mother. He can't do anything for himself. But she stands in the gap and for three months she hides him and she feeds him and she keeps him quiet and she keeps him hidden. But there came a time where she knew she couldn't keep him forever. And so she held him as long as she could, but she stepped out at some point and she said, "I can't take him any further. He's going to die if I hold on to him, church." And what did she do? She stepped out on her authority as a mother and she laid him in the hands of a living God. She laid him in the hands of a living God. Hebrews 11 says that by faith, by faith, Moses' parents did this. Amen. This wasn't a last resort. This was not a constraint. This was not a you have to, but by faith, by revelation, by trusting God, she took that goodly child and she placed him in a river full of crocodiles and hippos. By faith, she did it. Amen. And so she let him go and she gave him by faith into God's hands. And what did God do, church? God responded to that mother's faith and he guided that that bed or that that basket to the Pharaoh's daughter and she takes him. She opens him up. She adopts him and then she sends him back to Moses' mother to raise him for his formative years. And she gets paid to do it. God responds to her faith by giving her her child back. Church, before God ever made a faithful prophet, he made a faithful mother that would trust God, take him at his word, act in faith so that he could bring him right back so she could raise him the right way. That's what we're talking about. You have authority to let them go into God's hands, and trust him to take him through. Amen. Speaking of Moses, brother Brandham would say, "How could he after being indoctrinated down there and all that stuff poked into him by those Egyptian scholars? How could he ever get all of that out of him?" You talk about going to university and how many young people go into university and they come out the other side an unbeliever. Moses lived in Pharaoh's house, taught by the best of the best, had wonderful deeds. He was a tremendous general. He was a tremendous intellect. all of this ingrained into him. And he says, "How did how did Moses ever get that out of him?" How did Moses ever get through that without it impacting him? He says, "You know why? Because he had a godly little mother that set him on her knee down there from one side from all those scholars and said, Moses, you are chosen of the Lord. God gave you to me and your promise. We see God on you and someday you will deliver your brothers." He says, "Hallelujah. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing from the word of God. She established faith in Moses by giving him the word. We read in Timothy how that Timothy had his grandmother Lois who passed down faith to Ununice his mother who passed down faith to him. Mothers, it matters what you're teaching your children. It will hold them in a time, the scripture says, "Train up a child in the way he should go. And when he is old, he'll not turn away from it. He said, 'For faith does not place itself upon the shifting sands of what it can see. Faith rests solemnly upon the unmovable rock of God's eternal word. For by faith, says the scripture, she did this, speaking of Moses' mother, and faith can take its stand on the rock that the waves are beating at the foundations out and look straight into the face of death and know that it'll be just in a little bit. But faith can look across the sea, look past the circumstances to him that said, "I am the resurrection of life." And because of that, failed to even hear the waves a dashing. He says, "That's the kind of faith that Moses' mother had. Look beyond the situation to the promise beyond it and said, "I'm not even going to recognize the situation for what it is." He says, "She taught him and she reared him in the palace of Pharaoh, teaching him that he was born for a purpose, that Jehovah had answered her prayer." And he could not have had a better teacher. That's what helped mold the character that Moses was. You see, a child listens to its mother. Some little touch about that mother that a child will listen to. When it's heard, it'll go to the mother for consolation before it'll go to the father because she was first with it. first with it, you know, and there's some gift that God gives a mother to be that way. He says, I mean a real mother. He says, now I believe that mothers are honorable and godly. Mother, so often you look and you say, "I'm called to the impossible." No, you're called to the supernatural. But you know what the supernatural looks like? It looks like doing the right thing day in and day out. That's the supernatural. See, too often we're looking for God to do everything. And all God says is, "You be faithful and watch what I'll do through your faithfulness." And when you're not faithful, I'll make up the gap. But be faithful. Be faithful. Stay with it. Amen. That's just a repetitive day in day out doing what God has asked you to do. Amen. You're called to a place where you may have to lay your children into God's hands, where you've done everything you can. You've come to the end of the rope. They have a choice that they can stay or go. But regardless of what happens, you got to be able to say, "I have stayed faithful as best I know how, and now they're in God's hands." And you can let go in full authority and confidence knowing that God will take care of them. That you've stayed that you've stayed tight to what he told you to do. Amen. You have authority to let go and have God undertake on your behalf this morning. Mothers, listen. God asked you to do your part, but he never said you were on your own. God wants to know you're committed. God wants to know that you're you're in for the long haul. But God never said you're alone. He said, "You do your part and I'll do my part." Amen. Let me take you to another place of authority. And I'm going to tell you this morning as a true mother, you have a particular authority as it relates to your children. I don't know if anybody would argue, maybe they would this morning, that there's a bond between a mother and child that men don't have. It came out of you and science has proven it. Uh, Brother Joe had shared something uh about a woman that was talking about the science behi behind a mother and a child. And literally, a mother's body can sense what a child is lacking. And she will even deplete her own marrow of her own bones, the calcium in her bones to help give that child what it needs. She will literally her body will self-destroy for the sake of that child. That's how connected they are. We don't have that. We compartmentalize things different. We handle things differently. But there's a bond between a mother and child that is very powerful and it's powerful in the presence of God. It's not just powerful in this world. Amen. But a mother's a special person and she has a that special connection and God honors that. And let me talk to you mothers again to say God's this earth is going to throw you curveballs. Life's going to throw you curveballs and you're going to come up against situations. You're going to come up against conditions. You're going to come up against problems that you had no idea. Sometimes you are a willing partner of it and sometimes you're not. And you're going to come to the place where you might be burning your candle at both ends and it seems like you can't make it. Let me tell you, God is there to meet you. God is there to meet you. Amen. Listen, who always ends up with the kids? Mom. No matter what happens in this world, the kids are always going with the mom. She's always stuck with them. I say stuck. They go to her. They stay with her because she's the best one to raise them. And there's a burden there. There's a weight that comes with that. Amen. And you may fail in your trying, but God's there to cover the gap between you and what he needs. But he wants you to try. Amen. I want you to look at this story. It's the story of Hagar and Ishmael. And remember what happened. Hagar was a a servant of Sarah's and Sarah was trying to make the promise of of having a child come to pass. And so she said to Abraham, she said,"Abraham, take Hagar a and have a relationship with her and produce a child through her. She belongs to me. The child will be mine. She'll be a surrogate of sorts. It won't be of Sarah's body, but it'll be it'll be our child." And remember, she did that and Abraham listened to her and he and he produced a child through Hagar. And when Hagar was was was pregnant, what did she do? She she kind of lifted her nose at Sarah. She despised Sarah for her barrenness. And so Sarah mistreated Hagar. And she she got Hagar so frustrated and so wore out that Hagar ran away. Now, you can't run away as a slave. But Hagar runs out. She's been persecuted. Yeah, she had a bad attitude. Did she deserve what she got? No. But she runs away. And God comes to Hagar and he says, "Hagar, what are you doing?" She says, "You know what I'm doing? I'm running away from Sarah. She's made like miserable." He says, "Go back and submit to her authority." He says, "And I'll make of you and your son a great nation." And so Hagar went back. And then after a while, Sarah gets a name change. She gets a body change. Same with Abram to Abraham. And they conceive and they produce Isaac. And when Isaac is born, Ishmael starts to persecute Isaac. And Sarah sees this and she tells Abraham, she says,"Abraham, you got to get rid of them." Now that the promised son is here, you got to get rid of that son of the of the slave. He has no place here. And Abraham didn't want to do it. And God told Abraham, he said,"Abraham, she's got a promise. He's got a promise in her life. Don't be scared to do it. Don't be worried to do it. Send them out." So, we come to this scripture now. says, "And Abraham rose up early in the morning and took bread and a bottle of water and gave it unto Hagar, put it on her shoulder and the child and sent her away, and she departed and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba." Notice Abraham's given her provisions, and her own leadership takes her into the wilderness. She doesn't know how to live. She doesn't know how to survive. And she gets herself in a bad place. He says, "And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs." All the water's gone. She puts Ishmael under one of the bushes. And she went and sat down over against him a good way off as it were a bow shot. For she said, "Let me not see the death of the child." And she sat over against him and lifted up her voice and wept. And God heard the voice of the lad. And the angel of the God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto, "Whatith thee, Hagar? Fear not, for God heard the voice of the lad, where he is. Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand, for I will make him a great nation. It says, "And God opened her eyes." There was provision already there, but she hadn't seen it. It says, "And she saw a well of water, and she went and filled the bottle with water and gave the lad drink. And God was with the lad, and he grew and dwelt in the wilderness and became an archer." You say, "Brother John, what's the authority here?" Let's look at what the prophet of God said. He says,"I can think of the remembrance of the Lord again at the well car," which means in the Hebrew tongue, "the well of him that liveth and seeth me." Hear what he says now. Hagar misunderstood yet in the line of duty. She's just a slave, brother John. No, she's a mother with a promise. He says, "Misunderstood, misjudged, and was cast out with no place to go with a perishing child. The water was spent in the bottle. The little fellow was crying, and only a mother's heart would know what it meant to hear that cry for water as his little tongue swelling and his lips parched and her baby weakening every minute. Cast out right in the line of duty. No place to go." He says, "She had done without herself till she squeezed the last drop over his little parched lips. And then the bottle was dry. She laid it down and started on. And the little fellow screaming for water, but he got weaker and weaker. Her only child, no doubt, but what her innocent heart could cry out, "Oh, God, what have I done? What have I done?" She couldn't stand to see the child die in her arms. So, she laid him under a bush. She went about a bow shot, probably a 100 yards or more, and saw a little tree, and she knelt down there, and she began to weep. He says, "For she wondered, why? What did I do to deserve this? God told me to go back to Sarah. I went back. I endured hardship and now I'm cast out to die. He says, if she did what was right, why should this thing come upon her? Anybody struggling with things where you say, Lord, I've honored you at every step and I'm still dealing with this. I'm still in this situation. I'm still in this hardship, still in this sickness. Sometimes I think God gave me this so I could identify with people that suffer chronically. What's it like to have situations drag on and on and on and you say, "Lord, why?" He says, "Many times we think that of our sicknesses and afflictions." See, he says, "But maybe it's all done to show grace and mercy." Now what's he talking about? Remember in Abraham's camp there can only be one blessed son. Only one can be blessed and favored of God. So God had to separate Ishmael from Isaac so Ishmael could get his own blessing. The major promises to Isaac, but Ishmael has a covenant with him as well. And God has to separate him out. And this is how he does it. His ways are beyond our understanding, church. But I'll tell you this, when this is done, Haggar knows there's a God and she knows he's real, and she knows that he hears, and she knows that he provides. He says, "And while she thought, she heard the little faint cries as they finally faded out for water. She heard a voice speak and said, "Whoa, why weepest thou? What are you weeping for?" And she looked up and she saw the well bubbling up. What a spring of refreshment. He said beer, which means the well of him that liveth and seeth me. Him that can't die. Mazdc al Shadi. Him that liveth and seeth me knowing my needs. He's remembered me. And there he remembered me as I remembered him. And I know that he liveth and he has sprung up here in the desert this well. a well that wasn't there before church and that well is still there. Her experience with God is still testified by the well at this place so that people can go and come to a place where they say this is the God that lives and sees me as a mother as a mother. What is it church? There's a well that you can go to mothers. There's a place where you can go of a God that lives and sees your need, sees the need of your children, sees the need of your family, sees the desire of your heart. And when it looks like he's failed, he comes through and he says, "I was there all along. I was in your footsteps. I was in your wandering in the desert. I was in your poor decisions. I was there all along and I gave you a promise and I'll make it happen no matter what you do." You got authority to hold him to his promise. She didn't have to weep. All she had to do was say, "Lord, what about your promise?" But he heard her no matter what she did. In her weeping, he heard her. If she had reached out in faith, he'd have heard her either way, church, because his promise was to her, and she had authority to go to him and and claim it. Amen. Listen, you can be at the end of your end of your rope this morning. You could be burning your candles at both ends and you got this much left. Let me tell you, there's a living well of Jesus Christ this morning. He's alive and well. And he sees you and he sees your needs. He sees the bondage. He sees the hurt. He sees the pain. He sees the struggle. He sees the daily hardship. And he's there to provide for you as a mother, as a faithful mother this morning. That's a place of life, church. That's a place of rest. That's a place of support. That's a place of comfort. That's a place of salvation. Amen. That's a place where life can flow through you again and you can walk in newness of life and never be the same again. And she did. And she moved on. And Ishmael became a great nation. Church, look at the Arabs today. By numbers, they're far greater than the Jews. God held them to his word. God produced his word in Ishmael. Amen. Mothers, you have the authority to go to the God of the well of his promise and say, "Here I am. Here I am. It's your promise. I'm in the line of duty and I'm going to stay here until you do it." That's your authority to stay at the well of promise until God gives you what you have need of. Amen. We read earlier that it is your place to be sober, to be good, to be productive. You're called to have a sound mind. That's what you're called to be. That's what you're called to have. That's what you're called to produce in your life. And that means you have authority to call for it if it's not there. Listen church, God can't give a requirement unless he gives the means of producing it. And so if you look in your life this morning and you say, "I don't measure up to what the Bible says." Then you have authority this morning to go and say, "God, here's me. Here's your word." Close the gap. And he doesn't lower the word. He raises you. He raises you. Amen. Let's never say this is where I am and this is all I've got. No. The word is what you are and the word is what you've got. And that's where your promise is this morning. Amen. Listen, knowing you're supposed to be a good wife and a good mother doesn't make you one. Absolutely not. I've talked to many mothers and many wives, and many of them walked into marriage with a lot of high hopes and dreams and found out, "I'm not that good at it." But what do they do? They go to God and they say, "God, I need help." And that's a a work of time usually. That's why we have a body of believers, a body of sisters here to help people, to help them grow, to encourage and support them along their journey. But listen, if your mom didn't do it, God can do it. If your grandmother didn't do it, God can do it. There's a promise in the word by the inddwelling of the spirit to bring you to your perfect position where you can do what God has called you to do as a mother this morning. Amen. Listen, there's a lot of learning. There's a lot of growing. There's a lot of stretching. There's a lot of patience. There's a lot of discomfort. But we got to grow. We got to grow. And we've got a word that can do it. And we've got a spirit of Christ that can do it. And that's where we go to him and we say, "Lord, I need to grow. I need to grow." And you've got authority to ask him to grow you this morning to take you into that place. Church, we're looking to be raptured at the end of all this. But before that, there's a a development of character that has to happen. And that character is related to your position. It's related to your position. You don't need a king's character if you're not going to be a king. But you need a mother's character if you're going to be a mother. You need a mother's attributes if you're going to be a mother. And those are word attributes. They're not just natural things that you have. Look at us. I I mean, I can identify with a father cuz I'm a father. And guess what? I don't have all the natural attributes that a father should have. We'd think I don't. And I've had to take that prayerfully before God. And he has made changes in my life. And he's improved me. I'm not perfect, but he has absolutely helped to grow me and mature me in my role as a father and as a husband. And he's still working on me. He's still working on me, but I've got to go to him and I've got to ask. That's your authority this morning. Not just to mothers, but to every believer, you've got authority to ask. Jesus said, "Ask that your joy may be full." Where is your pleasure? Jesus said, "My pleasure is to do that which he wants me to do." Your joy is in doing what God wants you to do. And where there's a a a gap, where there's a lack, you can go and ask and say, "Lord, fill me up so that my joy can be full in serving you to the best of my ability to a quality and a quantity that measures up to your word." Amen. You can have an expectation this morning. You have authority to come and expect God to meet your needs. Amen. We have authority to go to God and say, "God, I need you to close the gap." Abraham says, "Now you Christians tonight, you're in the line of duty trying to follow the leading of the Holy Spirit. A cancer grabs you, death grabs you, tubercular, whatever it might be in the line of duty. You have the same right that Peter had. Lord, save me or I'll perish." In desperation, he called out and a hand reached out and picked him up. He said, "You have the same thing." He says, "That's it. When you cry out, maybe this woman, mother, whatever it was to her, a little son, grandson, nephew, whatever it was, cried out in despair, God heard. Then we find out that in the sinking, God heard him. And in the line of duty, he started to sink. He says he failed. He says, he says, no matter if you fail, that doesn't have nothing to do with it. We all fail. We're a failure to begin with, but we've got somebody standing now with a strong hand who can reach us and take us up above the water. See, what happens is we fail and we think that because we fail, we can't ask God to turn it into a nonfailure. We think because we've done everything we can and it still doesn't work that we're not allowed to go to God. Church, that's what God specializes in is turning our failures into victories to taking us from where we are to where we ought to be. to take us from where to are we are to what we always were to take us up in the level of the word. That's his specialty is to take our failures and turn them into overcoming victories. Don't let yourself hold you back. Don't let yourself hold you back this morning. Amen. You've got a right to say, "Lord, I failed, but I'm not resting in my strength or my victories anyways. I'm trusting you to take me through." You know, we read earlier th those words sober and discreet and that they they speak of sound mindness and they speak of temperance on our approach. This goes for all of us, not just mothers, but we see that temperance is a Holy Spirit fruit. Amen. And Paul said, we've been given a sound mind as he said to Timothy. Let me ask you mothers this morning, how hard is it to maintain a sound mind day in and day out? One slight frown. It ain't easy. day in and day out, same thing. But guess what? Your body goes through four hormone cycles every month. And so your emotions go up and down. The physical needs of your body go up and down. The kids go up and down. Life happens. How hard is it to keep a sound mind, to stay level, to stay in balance, to stay focused? How hard is it? It ain't easy. It ain't easy. I'm mommy and daddy these days. It ain't easy. It's hard enough as a man. And we're built to compartmentalize things. And maybe it's a little simpler for us to go through in life. Amen. But God is a present help in a time of trouble. And I want to speak to you this morning on the authority to have a sound mind. A sound mind that when life blows up, you don't have to blow up with it. when things get out of kilter, when things go way further than you think they should, that you don't have to fall down or fall apart. I want to take us back to the story of the Shounomite woman. And remember what happened is she she built a room. She built an extension onto her house for the prophet Elisha and he said, "I'd like to do something for her. What should I do?" And and uh his servant went to her and she said, "Listen, I don't need anything. I dwell with my people. She was a gentile. I've got everything I need. It's okay." But Gahesy, the servant said, "But she doesn't have a child." And so Elisha called her and he said, "Listen, you're going to have a son." And she said, "Don't don't tease me like that. That's not that's hurtful." He says, "As the Lord liveth, thus sayeth the Lord about the time of year, you'll have a child." It says now in 2 Kings that the woman conceived and bare a son at that season that Elisha had said unto her, according to the time of life. And when the child was grown, it fell on a day that he went out to his father to the reapers. And he said to his father, "My head, my head." And he said to Alag, "Carry him to his mother." And when he had taken him and brought him to his mother, he sat on her knees till noon and then he died. Church, what would your response be as a mother? The son of promise has come in. He's sick and then he dies on your lap. This is the promise of God. This is your dream come true. This is your heart's desire laying in your arms. And now death has taken him away. You have no heir now. You have no future for your family. Everything that God has given you, he's pulled away from you in one moment. Amen. We're talking about authority to have a sound mind this morning. That when things spiral out of control, you don't have to spiral with it. That when things blow up, you don't blow up with it. That when things go to the depths of despair, you can rise above it. Amen. That you aren't dragged around by circumstances, but you're held by something else. Amen. A sound mind holds us when the situation calls for us to fall apart. What held this woman? Watch her response. It says, "And she went up and laid him on the bed of the man of God and shut the door upon him and went out." No theatrics, no big scene, no weeping and wailing, just calm, deliberate action. Says, "And she called unto her husband." She didn't she didn't make a big stink. doesn't even say she told him he was dead. She said, "Send me, I pray thee, one of the young men and one of the asses that I may run to the man of God and come again." And he said unto there, "Wherefore will there go to him today? It's neither new moon nor Sabbath." And she said to him, "It shall be well." He said, "You don't even know where he is because it's not a special day. He could be anywhere." Hubby's not helping here, church. How you going to find him? It shall be well. Talk about the authority of a sound mind. Then she saddled and asked and said to her servant, "Drive and go forward. Slack not thy writing for me except I bus thee." Church, is she freaking out? Is she losing her mind? Is she weeping and wailing? Is she blubbering into her sleeve? Come on. It's easy to do, isn't it? When things fail, when health fails, when relationships fail, when kids get sick, when money's going out faster than it's coming in, it's easy to get caught up in these things. Amen. When the situation's bigger than you, it's easy to fall. I want you to see what keeps her sane in an insane time, in an insane world. Abraham says her faith was in action. She's just as cool as she could be. Something had struck her in that crucial moment. Something had taken a hold. And if something would take a hold in the time of death in the family, what more ought it to hold tonight when the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand? He said something struck her. Inspiration. Where's your inspiration coming from? Cuz let me tell you, there's two sources that are going to try and strike you in every situation. You want to choose the right one. He says she walked around, took the little fellow, laid him up on the prophet's bed, and her husband said, "Oh dear, oh dear, what will we do?" She said, 'All is well, husband. Amen. Her faith sprung her to action. When your faith can take action to a place that down in your soul that says so, not reasoning, but something in here said so, then, brother, something takes place, you begin moving because it's impossible for it not to be. He says, "That's true." Then notice what took place. She said, "Saddle me a mule and ride towards Mount Carmel just as hard as you can go. Don't you even slack up lest I bid you to." He says, "I like that." She was on her road to meet the man of God. She had a need and she knew that Elisha was God's representative. She knew that Elisha was going to give the baby back his life. And she knew that Elisha was supremely recognized and vindicated that it was God's servant. He says, "And tonight, the Holy Ghost is the vindication that he's here, that his power is with the believer." See, I'm not trying to teach you about a day of yesterday. I'm trying to teach you of a day of today. He says, you've got a place to go to. You have authority within you by the presence of the Holy Spirit in your life. He says, "If we could only recognize that inspiration that leads us in the crucial moment to make our decision according to the word of God, not according to what the neighbor's going to think or according to what somebody else is going to say or what my pastor will say or my members will say, what my neighbors will say, but what God is leading you to." He says, "Then she made the decision." Mothers, you have authority to stand on your own two feet and make a sound decision based on what the word says. Amen. You are allowed to stand back and say, "Hold on a second. What does the word say? What does God say? And where is he in this situation?" You got a right to say, "Hold on a second. Let's let's take a look beyond the situation and see what's behind the situation because the scripture says all things work for good to him who are the called according to his purpose. So in every situation there's an inspiration laying there for you to catch that comes from God and that is a sound mind. That's what a sound mind is. It catches the inspiration of God in the situation. And until you catch that inspiration, you don't have to give anything to that situation. You don't have to acknowledge it. You don't have to make a decision. You don't have to move back. You can stand there until God gives you his inspiration of what to do. Amen. It says, "So she went and came under the man of God to Mount Carmel. And it came to pass when the man of God saw her a far off that he said to Gahesia a servant, Behold yonder at Shunomite, "Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, it is it well with thee. Is it well with thy husband? Is it well with the child?" And she answered, "It is well." Mothers, you have a an authority this morning in every situation to say, "It is well." If the child is sick, it is well. If husband's not happy, it is well. If the money's not there, it is well. If life's not treating you the way you want it to treat you, it is well. If you can't see past this morning, it is well. You've got authority to declare what you cannot see, but by the word according to your faith to say, "It is well." That's your authority this morning. You don't have to wait for a hubby to come home. You have an opportunity in the sanctity of your own home and in your own life to stand on your own two feet and say it is well by what? Faith. By inspiration of the word because you've gone and you've seen what's behind this. And you got a promise waiting there that you're holding on to in your life. Amen. What do you do when you say that, church? You declare your inspiration. You declare where your source is. You declare where your life is. You declare where your representation is and it's in the word of God. Amen. And it's putting your faith into action by speaking. Church, I'm not saying speak it in your head. When that kid wakes up sick, say it is well. Lay hands on them and say, "Lord Jesus, it is well. By your stripes, they are healed. Lord, you see my budget struggles. It is well. Lord, you see my focus troubles. It is well. Lord, you see my marital troubles. It is well. Lord, you see my pastoral troubles. It is well. Don't look to the situation. Look to the inspiration of the word for your situation. Amen. That's where you speak of where your rest is, where your trust is, and where your faith really is. Amen. church, you can women, you can go to Proverbs 31, and I thought most most Christian mothers would want to be a Proverbs 31 wife and mother. You look there and that's an amazing woman. But don't just leave that for Proverbs 31 woman. That is your heritage. That is your authority is to say, "Lord, make me a Proverbs 31 wife. Make me a Proverbs 31 mother." Amen. But that doesn't happen overnight. It doesn't happen overnight. Don't beat yourself up where you are. Just look for growth. Look for growth. Look for change. Say, "Lord, build me up. Strengthen me. Help me to learn. Help me to grow. Help me to be more focused. Help me to be more deliberate. Help me to have a sound mind." You've got authority. If you've surrendered your will to God to go to him and say, "Lord, make me productive. Give me strength for the day. Give me focus. Give me a heart that's focused on what matters. Amen. That doesn't mean it's going to happen overnight. I'm not here to give you that promise. Cuz character's got to come. And character is always a work of time. Remember what character is. Character is a victory. It's a victory. That means you got to go through a battle to get it. Amen. But here's the thing. If you've got that sound mind and you recognize your authority as a mother, you keep moving no matter what. and you can keep moving no matter what. That's what God wants to see. God wants to see will she commit regardless of where she's at. Brothers, we don't get to choose if we go to work every morning, do we? We don't work. Nobody gets paid. No food on the table, no clothes on our backs, no house over our head, no vehicle in the driveway. Mothers, you don't have a choice. The word has placed you where you are. And so you've got a promise to hold you in that position. We don't have choices. We have surrender. We have yielding. And in that comes the strength that we need to do what we're supposed to do in our lives. Amen. God will honor your faith. But too many times what's happening is God's trying to get trying to see if we're really committed before he steps on the scene. That's what the trial of your faith is. Will you keep going even when he doesn't seem to be there? And that's showing him I'm committed. I believe. I'm trusting. And I'm going to do what I can. and I'll trust you to make up the rest. Amen. See, we want God to do everything so we don't have to do anything. That's the ideal situation. That's a sugar daddy. That's a grandpa. That's what pop does. Gives you everything without you having to work for it. That's not God. Amen. That's not the way God works. Amen. But if we're in the line of duty, and when I say in the line of duty, when we're active in the line of duty, when we're doing, you can't be in the line of duty if you're not doing anything. Because in the line of duty, you have orders to carry out. So if we're not standing around because we feel helpless or useless or just no good at it. Listen, if you've been given an order, it's because you're able to carry it out. Soldiers aren't given orders they can't carry out. So when the word gives us a command, it also gives us authority to claim what we need to get that done. And everything in heaven is behind us to make it happen. Amen. Mothers, you have the the the authority to expect God to move in your body, in your life, in your home, in your ministry every single day of your life. That's what I'm trying to show you here today. He says, "Now, if you go out and say mountain, move, I want to show you I can do it." That won't do it. But if it's in the line of duty when God has commanded you to do something, like he said to Moses, "Why cry to me? Speak to the children." People today are crying all the time, "Lord, what next? What next?" They're waiting on God to get them. They're waiting for God to do the movement. And God's saying, "I've given you your orders." He said, "Just speak and go forward." That's right. God has commissioned us to do something, so let's do it. Don't stand around and think about it and say, "How can it happen?" Well, this is that. He says, "It make no makes no difference. If God said to do it, do it anyhow." He's still the God of miracles. Listen, when Moses came up to the Red Sea, he had never parted a Red Sea before, but the authority to part the Red Sea was there. He just didn't recognize it. And God didn't say, "Moses, I give you authority." He said, "Moses, speak." He didn't change Moses' power. He didn't change Moses' authority. He says, "Moses, you're in the line of duty. You're in your position. The power is already there. You just need faith to activate it. And what did Moses do? By faith, he acted and the waters parted. Church, did the waters part immediately for Moses? It blew all night. It didn't just happen. You see the the, you know, the movie The Ten Commandments and it looks like it just goes like that. It doesn't. It blew all night. And when they woke up in the morning, there was a way made. Moses spoke. God went to work. That's the authority you have in the line of duty. You speak, God goes to work. Amen. But Moses didn't sit back. Moses said, "Everybody, get ready to go. Let's get lined up." Right? He still had a job to do. Joshua had a job to do. Get the people ready. Let's get ready to move cuz God's moving. That's what God's waiting for us to do. Get moving to show you're expecting him to do his part. Don't sit around till he does it. You keep moving cuz when you get to your barrier, God will open the door for you. God will make a way through. One more thought this morning. I've only covered a fraction of what I had in my general notes and I trimmed it down to this just to not hold us too long this morning. Amen. But I want to cover one special authority and it's not special to a mother, but I believe it's not it's not specific to a mother, I should say. But I believe it's special to a mother because she's got a love behind this authority that is so powerful. And that is the authority to plead the token. The authority to plead the token life of Jesus Christ over your children and have him move on the scene and have God move into action. I don't say this lightly this morning. This is the greatest thing that you could have. Amen. And this is for the the mother that has received the spirit of God is that you can plead the token over your family. And we see it through scripture so many times when mothers go to praying, what God does for those mothers and for their children and those they're praying for. And I'm not going to read a scripture, but I want to remind us of the story. Remember, Brother Bram tells a story how he was flying in an airplane and they had to land in Tennessee because of bad weather and then they they they put the plane down for the night and they were supposed to get up in the morning, leave at 7:00 a.m. and he said, "I got up at 5:00 a.m. and I wrote out some letters and I was walking to the came out of the hotel and I turned left, I think, to walk to the post office to post the letters and something said, go back the way you came." Okay, so he's only got a little bit of time before his plane takes off and something says to him, "Go back the way you came." He says, "Lord, is that you?" And it said, "Go back the way you came." And he went back and he walked past his hotel and he kept walking. And he says, "What now?" And he said, "Just keep walking." And he walked church for hours. He didn't walk for 10 minutes. He walked for hours. And he walked for hours. And he says, "I looked at my watch." He says, "And it was time for my plane to leave." He says, "And I'm walking down. I was in the colored section of town." He says, "And I he came up and he he saw a woman leaning on the on the the front gate." He says, "And she was crying, but as I approached, she saw me and she started to wipe away her tears and she started to smile. And as I walked by, she said, "Good morning, person. I want you to listen to this now." Authority to plead the token. And he said, "I want to ask you something. How did you know I was a parson?" She said, "Parson, just a minute." And she said, "Did you ever read that story about the Shunimite woman in the Bible?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "I'm that kind of woman." And said, "I prayed to the same God, the God of Elijah." Said, "I prayed. I asked him and promised him if he'd give me a child that I would love it, take care of it, and would dedicate to him." And she said, "The Lord gave me a boy. I loved him and I still love him. I dedicated him to the Lord, but said, "Parson, I'm sorry. He's gone astray." Said, "Two days he's been unconscious. The doctor was here and said, "He'll never wake up no more. He's unconscious. Church, she had done all she could do. She raised him, right? She took him to church. She taught him the word. She gave him everything she could as a godly mother. And in the end, he walked away. And she watched him destroy his life in a couple short years. And he's laying here and he's got a veneerial disease that's incurable. And he's unconscious. And the doctors say he's never coming out of it, church. But look what's happened. She's been pleading the token. She's been in prayer. He says, "Here's sovereign grace to a mother's love." Said, "I she said I was sitting in my bed last night, par. I said, "Oh Lord, you give me the baby in answer to prayer. I turned it back to you according to what I promised you. Now, Lord, he's made a mistake and gone in the wrong company and he's dying with veneerial disease and said, "Now Lord, I love that child." He said, "There's love." And when love is projected, divine grace has got to step in. She said, "Now I pray thee, Lord, here is my baby. You gave it to me, but where is your Elijah?" She said, "Oh Lord, have mercy." She said, "And I prayed pretty near all night." Church, we've got a part. Her part was to pray all night. This wasn't just a now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my son's soul to keep. She prayed all night. Amen. She said, "Just this morning, just before the day broke, I dreamed a dream. I saw a man come walking down the street wearing a light tan suit and a tan hat." And said the Lord and and said that the Lord said, "I'll send him." And she said, "I've been standing here ever since daylight and that's just the way I was dressed." says, "Brother Bram, he's wearing a tan suit and a tan hat." He said, "When love is projected with the right motive behind it, divine grace has to step in." And not knowing, I said, "Well, your boy's dying." She said, "Yes." And when I patted her on the back, she was still wet from the morning dew. She had a man's shirt tied around her head. I thought, "Oh, God, this must be it." Just led by the spirit of God. He's been walking, not knowing why. And now this woman tells him, "I've been waiting for Elijah to come my way." He said, "All hopes were gone, but love was still there." He says these beautiful words, "Love doesn't fear, it waits on grace." Hallelujah. Love doesn't fear, it waits on grace. Brother Brandon would walk into that house and that boy was nearly dead. He said he was just mumbling and and he he said he was expressing his lost condition. Not not consciously but just saying it's dark. It's dark. And he was like he was in a storm. He said trying to row himself out of that darkness. And his feet were cold and clammy. He says he was nearly dead. And he told her to pray. And he said he prayed like she knew who she was talking to. And then he prayed and he said I said heavenly father she asked me to pray. I don't understand this here. I've missed my plane and you have to walk. you have me walk down this way and now the only thing that you seemingly that you're here. He says, 'Now Lord, hear the prayer of this poor old sainted mother. And while I was praying, I heard him say, "Mama, oh mama, what was it?" He said, "Grace was taking a hold. She raised up. She began smiling, wiping her great big fat cheeks." She said, "Yes, honey." Said, "This is your mommy." He said, "Mama, it's getting light in the room." That old ship of Zion, the grace of God had picked him up and calmed the sea. He says, "What was it?" It was love projecting, grace taking over. Amen. He said, "I left the place and hurried real quick. Went down, got me a taxi cab, went to the plane, and they were making their last call, it had been held up two hours." He said, "What? When divine love led by the Holy Ghost is projected," he says, think of it. The love of God and the grace of God bought an airplane out of the skies. Before she had prayed, church, before she had prayed, God had grounded Elijah the night before she goes into prayer. And all he needs is the spirit of God to lead him to her. Then before she prays, the God that liveth and seeth has opened a well of grace right there. And she doesn't even know about it. She's praying through the night and the answer is sitting in a hotel in downtown. You talk about authority to plead the token. When the love for your child goes before the throne of God, church, what happens? He'll ground his prophet. He'll bring his answer your way. The answer was there. She didn't even know it. And what did he do? He didn't put his prophet out. He held the plane an extra two hours so he could get on and continue on his way. Remember what Jesus said? I must needs go by way of Samaria. Samaria's out of the way to Jericho. Samaria's out of the way. But there was a woman that had a need. And God grounds this prophet, a man that prays for the sick, a man that's got a gift of healing, and takes her to that takes him to that woman and that boy. He says, "Think of it. The love of God and the grace of God brought an airplane out of the skies and set it on the ground and held it there because of an ignorant colored woman's prayer and faith and her love for that little boy. He says, "If that will do it for that, what will it do for a born again group of people who are sitting together here like we are now?" See, I'm putting it in your lap. Where's your authority? He says, "A little later on, I came on a train. I I I cut this quote down and he he said, "I want got off the train to get a hamburger." I started walking along there and somebody said, "Hello, Parson Brandon." A young color fellow with a cap on said, "How are you, Parson?" I said, "Good morning, sir." Started walking. I thought, "Well, maybe he's been in some of the meetings." He said, "You don't know me, do you?" I said, "No, I don't believe I do." He said, "Remember that morning when the Lord led you down to my mammy? I'm the boy." He said, "I'm not only healed, but now I'm saved and I'm serving the Lord who healed me. Sometimes God's got to put you on your back. Don't worry if he puts your children on their back. Amen. They've got a praying mother. They got a praying father. That complete the token life over their life. He didn't just heal him, church. He healed him. Amen. That young man came and he gave his heart to the Lord and he served God. I believe. I'm not sure. I believe he may have even been a preacher after that. I'm not sure. I thought I read that somewhere. Don't hold me to it. But he served Christ after that. He said, "Oh, all that mother's prayers and dedication and love when she had tried everything, taken him to the church and he was baptized. All that she had done, sickness came and death laid at the door. And divine grace stepped in at the crucial moments." He says, "And obedience to divine love." What was it? It was divine love calling and divine grace leading the answer down into her city. One had to be obedient for the call. The other had to be obedient to the leadership. Amen. Let's stand together if we would. Mothers, I hope you can see you've got authority this morning. You've got impact for your home, for your family, for your mind, for your emotions, for the skills you need to handle your daily work as a mother. You got authority before God for those things. Amen. You got authority to plead for salvation. You got authority to ask for healing. Listen, the scripture doesn't require you to be a minister to lay your hands on somebody. You've got authority by the spirit of God inside of you and by the word of God to lay your hands on your children, to lay your hands on your husband and say, "Lord, heal them. Lord, touch them. Lord, deliver them. Lord, work in their lives. Lord, give them a heart of worship. Lord, give him a heart to serve you. The prayers of a mother tied by the love of her child hold great sway in God's presence. Amen. You got authority to expect. And how many times does it look like things have gone too far, too bound? And listen, sometimes they can be too bound up in religion. It's not always out in the world. Sometimes they're bound by systems. Sometimes they're bound by ministries. Sometimes they're bound by marriage. Listen, church, it's never too late. Don't ever think it's too far gone that God won't hear your prayer. You've got authority. You've got representation by your relationship to go before God and ask for these things. And he's just waiting for you to call. That's the only thing that he asks. As I said earlier, Jesus said, "Ask that your joy may be full." We sit here and we think, "Will he answer? Will he do it?" He'll do it. You just got to ask in faith. Don't go as a last resort. Go as a first resort. Make him the preeminence. Make him the priority and say, "Lord, I'm going to do everything I can, but the results are in your hands." All God ever asked us to do was our best. He never asked us to do his job. He asked us to commit our ways to him. Acknowledge him and he'd direct us and he'd lead us. And he'd guide and he'd provide. You've got authority this morning, mothers. You've got authority. You got authority to have a sound mind. To not be tossed to and fro, to not be overrun by emotions, not be overrun by hormones, not be overrun by situations, loneliness, despair, whatever it might be. You got a right to go in God and say, "God, I'm I I'm reporting for service. I'm reporting for duty, and I'm trusting you to get me through." Amen. Amen. God bless you mothers this morning. certainly appreciate every one of you. The wannabes, the going to bees, the already ours, and the almost dunes. Amen. Every one of you is so important in the kingdom of God. Amen. The fifth gospel if you can be a godly mother. God bless you richly this morning. Let's bow our heads, Lord God. Lord, we want to thank you this morning, Lord, for godly mothers, Lord, for women that are filled with the spirit of God, Lord, that can take you at your word, that can stand in the gap, Lord, that can rest in faith and trust that you do all things well. Lord, we're thankful for the testimonies we had this morning, Lord, the young to the old, Lord, of these sisters that have committed their lives to you and have seen the benefits, the realities of a living God. Lord, I pray for them, Lord, in this world that's trying to tear them apart, trying to tear down who and what they are. Lord, I pray you fill them a new with your spirit this morning. Lord, that you would strengthen them, that you would encourage them, Lord, to stand in their position that the word has declared is right and true for them. Lord, that they would see, Lord, that you've given them authority in that role, Lord, to hold up that word and let it live through them. Lord, bless them, encourage them, strengthen them, Lord. Lord, where they are short, where they have a lack, Lord, may you be the overfilling blessing for each one of them. We pray. Grant us grace, Lord, as husbands, as fathers to support them, Lord, to love them as you loved us. Lord, give us grace and patience, mercy day by day. Lord, help us to share the burdens where we can. Lord, bless your people now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. 1236. My trbled soul, why so weigh down? You were not made to bear this heavy load. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord cuz Jesus [Laughter] cares and he cares for you and Jesus cares. He cares for you and all your worry won't help you make it through. So cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. My anxious heart. Why so upset? When trials come, how you so easily forget to cast your burdens upon the Lord. Jesus [Laughter] cares and he cares for you. And Jesus cares. He cares for you and all your worries all [Music] your Amen. Praise the Lord. will praise the mighty name. Amen. Jesus, praise the Lord, the lifter of my name. Amen. Praise the rock of life. Praise the Lord. Oh my faithful hands and I will praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Of Jesus. Praise the Lord the lifter of my praise. Amen. Hallelujah. My salvation all my days are in his faithful hand. My anxious heart. My anxious heart. Why so? how you easily forget and cast your burdens. Amen. Upon the Lord, Jesus cares. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Jesus. Praise the Lord. He cares for you. and all your worry will help you make it through. Cast all your burdens, Amen. upon the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. With the promise of his love. Hallelujah. I will praise the Lord. The rock name of Jesus. Praise. Amen. The Lord, the lifter of my hand. Praise the rock of my salvation. Amen. My days are in his faithful hands and I will praise. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm Jesus. Praise. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. My hand. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hands. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. I cast all my cares upon you. I don't know the number. I cast all my cares upon you. Amen. I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my care upon you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I cast all my care upon you. Amen. I lay all of my burdens down to your feet. And any time I don't know just what to do. I will cast all my cares. Amen. And let's sing that again. I cast all my cares. Hallelujah. I cast all my Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, I lay all of my burdens down at your feet. at any time. I don't know just what to do. I will pass all my care upon you. Amen. I believe it's 573. All is well. [Music] All is well. Amen. All is well. We have heard the message alone and all is well. Amen. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. Go rest little bright rest for all is well and all is well. Amen. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. Praise the Lord. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner hell. rest little brightness. Hallelujah. Let's sing it one more time. Praise the Lord. And all is well. All is well. We have heard the message [Music] shalom. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There is a place of perfect rest behind the veil. No rest little bright for all is well. Amen. Praise the Lord. All is well. Let's sing 9:22. He will carry you. No matter the burden, we commit it to him and he will carry us. There is no problem. So big God cannot solve it. There is no mountain too tall. He cannot move it. And there is no storm to die. heart cannot come in. There is no sorrow to thee. He cannot sue it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. If he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Amen. Hallelujah. I know my brother that he will carry you. Hallelujah. If he carried the weight. Praise the Lord upon his shoulders. Amen. I know my sister that he will carry first again. There is no problem. There is no problem to me. I cannot stop it. Hallelujah. There is no mountain to even. Amen. Praise the Lord. And there is no storm to die. God can overcome it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There is no sorrow to need. He can soo it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. If he carried the weight of the world off his shoulder. Hallelujah. I know my brother. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you Jesus. If he carried the weight of the world upon me. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I know my sister that he will carry you and he carrying the weight of the world upon his shoulder. Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. I know my brother that he will car you. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. If he carries the weight of the world upon his. Hallelujah. I know my sister that he will carry. Sing that again. And if he carry the weight of the upon his shoulder. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. I know my brother that he will carry. Oh, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. And if he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. Hallelujah. I know my sister will carry me. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise your wonderful name, Lord. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Thank you for that shoulder, oh God, that carried the weight that we carry. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Before we go, let's uh let's just sing the chorus. I just want to please the Lord. Amen. You want to please the Lord? Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's remember that throughout the week. May God just bless and keep each and every one of us. Pray one for another. Again, it's so important that we do that. And remember those that weren't here today. Uh just remember brother John and uh the problem with his eye and according to the word he has no problem. So let's just uh pray for him and believe for him. Amen. That's where the enemy would try and attack the ministry so he could the shepherd so he could disperse the sheep. But we're praying for the ministry. Amen. So let's just sing that. Ask brother David to come and close in prayer. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing it. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way. To be lost in his presence. Finding his likeness. to hear him say, "Well done." Someday I just want to please the Lord. Be his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness, to hear him say, "Well done, son." One more time. Oh, I just want to please be in his will in every way. to be lost in his found in his lik. Amen. [Music] [Music] Blessed Lord, how great thou art. Yes Lord, and we have heard half the story Lord of your greatness. Help us Lord we pray mighty God to do what we can oh Lord and return the favor for all you do for us Lord. grace to us Lord to do all we can for [Music] you Lord. We know the sisters Lord is subject Lord to the husband Lord but we also know that they will be restored Lord over their eternity and they will be he again Lord as only in this life Lord. So mighty God bless them in this life and bless us Lord in this life Lord to continue in your word Lord continue serving you Lord with all of our hearts and all of our soul all of our mind and all of our being Lord as you are in the father Lord Jesus the father in you and you in us and we in you Lord let us become one and Lord it's difficult to imagine Lord that why the whole world Lord can't be as as us Lord believe you and trust you and have faith in you and follow you Lord instead of following the world or in the things of the world. When you want a king to rule over Lord, not Samuel the prophet. You see yourself, Lord. It's not you, Samuel. They don't want. It's me they don't want. I wonder Lord. How can that be possible that no one wouldn't want you, Lord? That any person on this planet would not want you to to rule over them, Lord. Is a mystery. But Lord God, still with your grace, Lord, that we're the potter, we are the clay. [Music] Some are made for honor, the rest for dishonor. Let us not forget that Lord, your grace. Let us not spurn in your grace, Lord. But let us take your grace Lord and help give it to others Lord that they may have grace also and pray for one for another. And we pray Lord your grace Lord to all those who gone up before us Lord the Columbos, the Mandos. Pray you be with each and every one Lord. Brother Emanuel, Lord, who has missed much church here. Lord, pray you be with him also, Lord, to return back to the fort again, Lord. And grace might go to brother day, Lord, and all the others. We got sickness and you heal everyone, Lord, that there not be one, but that you would heal, Lord. We thank you for Jonathan, Lord. He's finally s see a doctor, Lord. Just pray that you rest the hands of that doctor, Lord. You do well, Lord, to do a good job, you'll come out fine, Lord. We will trust you Lord like the lady Lord. Brother Brener waited for Lord and the trilate woman Lord the black lady Lord she was prayed up Lord. She was ready and she believed Lord. She would see Elijah and sure enough she sure did. She saw you too Lord. So bless each one Lord. We leave her today Lord. Watch each one. Protect each one Lord and be with each one until we meet her again Lord in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Morning. [Music] [Music] [Music] You [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] feel. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] can't dream. [Music] Happy to be here. You [Music] all right? [Music] God. Hallelujah. We [Music] are here.
