################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-03 - 20250402 - The Token Life - Pt 46 - The Divided Kingdom - Pt 1 - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-03
Title:    20250402 - The Token Life - Pt 46 - The Divided Kingdom - Pt 1 - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qn9jJhE66Q
========================================

Description:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/16mGyDqamzQexLgBcrME7hU0zjpNyGmmN/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Purify my heart. Let me be as gold with stand and preious silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold pure glory fire. Amen. My heart's one desire is to be holy, set aart for you, Lord. I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master. ready to do your will. Purify my heart. Raise me from within. Yes, Lord. Amen. Make me holy, purify my heart, cleanse me from my sin. Deep waving fire. Praise the Lord. My heart's one desire is to be holy. Amen. Amen. For you, Lord, I choose to be. Praise the Lord. Holy, set aart for you by master, ready to do your will, purify my heart. Let me be as gold. Yes. Amen. Precious silver purified my heart. Let me be as glad. [Music] My heart's wonder desire is to be holy. Set aart for you, Lord. I choose to be holy, set aart for you by master, ready to do your will. Purify my heart. cleans me from within and make me holy. Purify my heart. Cleans me from my sin. Deep within rear my heart's one desire is to be holy. Praise the Lord. Set aart for you, Lord. I choose to be. Yes. Amen. Holy, set aart for you by master, ready to do your will. Amen. Praise the Lord. We can make that a prayer as well tonight that our choice and our desire is to be holy unto him. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's just sing 1164. Speak Lord to me. Here I am your servant to his calling. Let's sing sing that tonight. Ask brother Americ to open in prayer and to remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord tonight. And uh remember also the the Brinen family, brother Barry's church. Of course they're I think they had a funeral today for their son who was killed. So we want to remember the families they mourn his loss and remember also of course brother brother Nelson guy that God would just continue uh to bring him back on his feet and give him full recovery. Also the same for sister Katrina and uh Grant's not here tonight so I remember them and their quest for a house. I didn't have an update on their offer but uh we just continue to pray for that need for them. Uh and also brother Joseph and brother Vichel in uh Nova Scotia on business. So we want to remember them as well. And also of course brother Mary and sister Darlene uh sister Leah is in Grand Falls tending to to them at 6 return coming back from Cuba. And the update on Sister Darling is that her um her blood work showed that her plate platelets were low and uh she'll have more blood work on Friday and if the numbers are down uh then she'll have to have a transfusion. So we want to remember uh her in prayer especially her and brother Mary may God be with them and uh give them the faith that they understand that that she doesn't to have a transfusion that God takes care of it. So, let's uh pray for them and for any other need you have on your heart. Just hold it there as we approach the throne and remark in prayer. Speak Lord to me. Speak Lord to me. Here I am your serant who is calling. Humbly I await the moving of the mighty God. So I will see until you speak. Speak Lord to me. Amen. Here am I your servant who is calling. Humbly I await the moving of the mighty God. So I will see until Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Sing it again. Speak Lord to me. Here are your serant who is calling. Humbly I await the moving of the mighty God. So I will see until Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you again once once more, Lord, as we come gather around you, Lord, for going forth of the word, Lord. And we just know, Lord, that you're here in this hour, Lord, and rubbing up, Lord, the times of the Gentiles. And Lord, it's the time, Lord, when we must, Lord, just call on you, Lord, for that, Lord, that change of the body, Lord. and when it will come Lord and we will Lord just be ready in this hour Lord we pray and we just ask Lord your grace Lord for all the needs Lord today and just remember especially Lord those mentioned there tonight Lord we ask Lord your grace on all those that aren't with us Lord and the grants Lord and brother Joseph and brother Fish Lord we pray you be with them Lord we remember also sister Katrina Lord we pray your grace and also Brother Guy Lord and his wife Lord. We just want to remember them today in the recovery. We ask Lord you would be with them Lord and ask Lord your grace Lord for each one Lord that's not with us Lord today. So we ask Lord that you would be his Lord with brother John as he comes to minister Lord and as he comes to speak the word Lord. We just pray Lord that you would just Lord just be with him Lord the anointing of the Holy Spirit upon each one Lord that we would Lord Lord just enter in Lord to the word Lord and that we we receive from you Lord today we ask Lord your grace Lord forgive you preeminence and ask Lord that you move upon each soul we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Amen. Number 442. Come to the feast. All things are ready. Amen. All things are ready. Come to the feast. Come for the table now is bread. Ye famishing ye where come and th shall be richly fed. Hear the invitation. Come who so ever will win. Praise God for full salvation. For whosoever will all things are ready come to the feast. Come for the door is open wide. Amen. A place of honor is reserved for you at the master's side here. The invitation come who so ever will. Praise God. Amen. Salvation for whomsoever will praise the Lord. Things are ready. Come to the feast. He's gone while he waits to welcome me. Delayed on wildest day is tomorrow may never be here if the invitation come whoever. Yes. Amen. Praise God for full salvation. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. All things are ready. Come to the feast. Leave every carly strife. Amen. Come feast upon the love of God and drink everlasting life. I hear the invitation. Come home. So, praise God for full salvation for Amen. Praise the Lord. All things are ready. Come to the feast. Leave every carly strife. Come feast upon the love of God and drink everlasting life. Hear the invitation. Whoseoever will praise God for salvation. Amen. Will Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing the chorus. It's Beginning to Rain. Number 1146. Amen. It's beginning to rain. Hear the voice of your father saying, "Whoever will may drink from this water, for I promise to pour my spirit out on your sons and your daughters. If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It's Beginning to rain. It's beginning to rain. Hear the voice of your father. Amen. Saying, "Whoever will drink from this water." Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. promise to pour my spirit out on your sons and your daughters. If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It's beginning to rain. It's beginning to rain. Hear the voice of your father. Amen. Say, whoever will may drink from this water, for I promise to pour my spirit out on your sons and your daughters. If you're thirsty and dry, look up through the sky. It's beginning to rain. Sing it again. And it's beginning to rain. Hear the voice of praise the Lord. Sing whoever will drink from this. Amen. Lord promise to pour my spit out on your sons and your daughters. Look up to the sky. It's beginning to rain. Amen. Praise the Lord. Number 62. It's how great is our God. How great is his name. Amen. He's the greatest one forever the same. Amen. It doesn't change. How great is our God? How great is his name? He's the greatest one. Forever the same. He roll back the waterers on the mighty Red Sea. And he said, "I'm going to lead you. Put your trust in me." How great is our God. Amen. How great is his word. He's the greatest one. Yes. Amen. That ever was heard. He's a boring treasure for those who will see. And he said, "I'm going to give you anointed minister to me." First verse again. Oh, how great is our God. Amen. How great is his name. Amen. He's the greatest one. Praise the Lord. Forever the same. Amen. He roll back the waterers of the mighty Red Sea. And he said, "I'm going to lead you. Put your trust in me. Praise the Lord. And how great is our God? Amen. How great is his word? Praise the Lord. He's the greatest one. Amen. That ever was heard. He's hungry his trees for those who will save. and he said to me anointed ministry. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just uh 1261. Word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain? Word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain, washing my eyes to see your majesty, be still and you're in this place. Please let me stay and rest in your holy land. Word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain, washing my eyes to see your majesty be still and know you're in this place. Amen. Let me stay and rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. Would you pour down like rain, washing my eyes to see your majesty be still and know you're in this place. Please let me stay at rest in your holiness. Word of God speak. May he speak tonight. Praise the Lord to our hearts. That's what we've come to hear. Him speaking to us. I feel the poem 606. At night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Amen. I can't explain with pain the spirit moving deep within me here in my soul for I feel you. Hallelujah. Amen. I feel the call. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I hear the call. Hallelujah. And I know that his spirit is moving me to give my all. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He speaks to me. Yes. Praise the Lord. And I am. Hallelujah. Lord, please come and take home. I feel I went to hear the word and with his I pray. Amen. He was calling me to give a higher praise. Hallelujah. There's a deep in the deep like a great man. I know for sure that I reach the goal. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I feel the Hallelujah. I hear the call. And I know that his spirit's moving me to give my all. Help us, Lord. Amen. He speaks to me. Hallelujah. And I agree. Praise the Lord. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Amen. I can't explain with the pain the spirit moving deep within. It must be God. Yes. Amen. Here in my soul for I feel the cold. Hallelujah. I feel the poor. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I hear the God and I know that SP move to give my heart. He speaks to me. Yes. Amen. And I Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. 9:03. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. It was a tight simple sten and hardly a place for a king to be born. Let's stand. He didn't choose something special to reveal his majesty. So I know if I give him control, he'll revive me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. Let it live in me. Let it star live inside this house. Ask for and mold it every day. Hallelujah. Let your word be born in the pain of my heart. [Music] Outwardly I'm nothing much to be a place for his word to unfold. Oh, but if I just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory. He'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Oh, let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house. Oh, let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen, Lord. Lord, this is a walk of yielding, Lord. A walk where we let go. A walk where we trust and rest. Lord, we let you be the head to control our hands and our feet and our mouth. Lord, we even let our mind go, Lord, and we take on the mind of Christ. Lord, it's a walk of faith, Lord. It's a process of time, this letting go and letting God have his way. But Lord, that's why we come into your presence. That's why we hear your word. That's why we humble ourselves before you, Lord. That you could do a work inside of us that we can't do ourselves, heavenly father. Lord, we're thankful we're drawn. We're thankful we're called. We're thankful we've got an invitation that we've responded to, Lord. That we could come into your presence and we could be changed like into your glorious image, heavenly father. Lord, I pray you just take this message tonight, Lord. May this people and it just become one. We pray, Lord. May you encourage us, Lord. strengthen us, Lord. Point us in the right direction, Lord. Get our mind on you. Get our thoughts on you, Lord. Raise our faith, Lord, to respond to your word. We pray, Lord. Bless these faithful people, we ask. In Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. May God bless you. Turn, if you would, to John chapter 3. John chapter 3. Welcome each one here. We certainly have a smaller crowd than we finished with on Sunday, but I sure enjoyed our week with Brother Barry Coffee and the two times he ministered and the the marriage seminar we did with him. Just had a wonderful time with him and with the saints and visitors and all these different things. Amen. Trusting you did as well. Got lots of good reports from pretty much everyone, I think, or every family. So, we praise the Lord for that. It's always good to be in fellowship. Definitely want to remember brother Barry and Sister Darlene Guy. uh she's in the hospital not doing very well of course and and uh sister Leah's gone to be with her and then coming back again but want to remember her and brother Barry as well and then brother Joe and brother Vichel are also in Halifax this week for work so we want to remember them as well. Amen. God bless you. John chapter 3 says, "Jes," this is Jesus conversation with Nicodemus, you remember? And it says, "Jesus answered and said, verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. I want to kind of pick up where we left off last time. If you remember, we were preaching on Peter and we talked about what a true conversion looks like. And we went through Peter's life when we saw the changing of him from from being a good man and a and a good student and and a you know a believer and turning him from a believer into a true son of God. Amen. To to get him to a point where he could live. And we saw that that huge change that was there. But I want to take us now into the depths of what it looks like for you and I and and the and even the struggles we face and and the doubts that can come in and the hardships that we face on a day-by-day basis. And I want to take this certainly for the next two services, Lord willing, a a thought of the divided kingdom, the divided kingdom. And I want to talk to us about the honest realities of being a son or a daughter of God in Leodysia and what it looks like living a life where you're filled with the Holy Spirit. And I really appreciated where brother Barry kind of went in that last service. He kind of set me up for this and I never ask a preacher what he's going to preach unless they bring it up. I don't know. But he he certainly said some things that kind of lined up with this and and I appreciate that the Lord works in that way many times. He'll he'll just bring somebody in and they'll reinforce certain things and take you a little bit further and then you can almost pick up where you left off. But if you remember in that service he was talking about the the the nature of your flesh versus the nature of your soul. And and that's really where we have a divided kingdom in ourselves. We have the soul part which is eternal. It came from God. Remember Adam was a soul and then he was made a living soul. So he was in spirit form as God was. Remember Adam was made in the image of God and he was in spirit form and then God created a body for him and then he put Adam into that and Adam became a living soul. And the reason God had to do that with Adam was because Adam was a reflection of God. And God had made himself a body and stepped into it. And so Adam needed a body for his spirit to step into it as well. And so God put Adam through that same progression. And Adam was in a perfect body formed by God. But after the fall, his soul was still eternal, but the body now became cursed. It was not a perfect body anymore. It was he had the eternal part of God living inside that body that was cursed. And so right there, we had a divided kingdom walking around every day. And guess what? We inherited the same kingdom that Adam has. We've got a body that's cursed, and we've got a soul that comes from God. Amen. And that's a daily battle for every one of us. And I think the biggest lie that Satan tries to tell us is in this divided kingdom, in this cursed body, we have to live a life where our words are perfect, where our actions are perfect, where our thoughts are perfect, our reactions are perfect, our attitudes are perfect, our decisions are perfect. Everything is about as perfect is because we're a Christian. And guess what? That is not what the Bible tells us. Jesus never put that burden on us. Amen. That's why we needed, as brother Barry was saying, we needed a savior. We needed a redeemer. We needed somebody that could live the life that we can't live. And we still need him today even with the Holy Spirit. We still need representation. We still need the blood of Calvary because there is no expectation that we can live a perfect life. That is not where our perfection is. Our perfection now is in yielding, not in works. That's the way it works for us now because we're under grace. We're under grace and it's him that stands for us now. And so when a believer comes to him, amen, we lay down our self and we say, "Don't look at me. I'm going to accept by faith the work of Calvary. Look at him." That's where we're supposed to be looking today because he was the one that was perfect in every single way. And yet we'll sit here and if we're honest, sometimes we really beat ourselves up over our mistakes. Amen. Me and Sister Justine and Matt, we beat ourselves up over mistakes. Sister Brenda made a mistake today, apparently. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Sometimes we need to make a mistake to get us back to God. I'm not saying you needed that, Sister Brenda, but sometimes we need to make a mistake because it lets us know I still need him. I can't make this without him. This flesh is going to get me occasionally. Amen. And I'm glad that we can say we make mistakes sometimes. Amen. We ought to be sorry when we make mistakes. We ought to be a repentant people. But let me tell you, when we get away from repentance, we've gotten away from God because in his presence, we recognize his holiness and we recognize his righteousness and we know we want to be in good standing. And so repentance brings us back into his pre into his presence. And I'll tell you, it's a leady to seeing condition when we won't repent. When we think I've got it all, I know it all. I am it all. And guess what? When you do that, you have stepped into Satan's kingdom where he has made it all about himself. Amen. We cannot do those things. Amen. But besides that, there are many people today and even talking to some people over this weekend, there are many today that that that go to God and they can't accept his full forgiveness. God forgives them. God has forgiven them. God is forgiving them. God will forgive them. But they can't accept it. And so they walk through life thinking, "I'm no good. I can't even be a Christian." Listen, we don't come become a Christian so we can become a Christian. We come to him as we are. We come to him exactly as we are with all our lumps, with all of our warts, with all of our issues. And we come to him and we say, "I'm laying myself down at Calvary. And I want you to take me through him. Not through my works, not cuz I've cleaned up my life, not because I've kicked the smokes out, because I've kicked the alcohol out, cuz I've kicked the pornography out." No, we come to him and say, "Here, I need you, but take me through Christ. look at him and draw me through that open door of Christ and from there take me and make me into a new creation. We can't come as a new creation cuz that'll be a work of our own hands and it's going to fall every single time. Amen. But yet when we go through that process and somebody and I know believers like this unfortunately they can't seem to get over it and it's because they lack a revelation of what justification means. They don't understand what the blood of Christ does. And so they can never walked away without that conscience being cleansed, without that purging that brother Grant spoke about a little while ago. Amen. But even when we get the Holy Spirit, even when we get the true new birth, we make mistakes. This is going to be a service about how we make mistakes, church. It's a divided kingdom. We've got a side of us that is flawed, that is carnal, that is broken, that is sinful. And the new birth doesn't change that side. But what it does is it creates a battle line. Amen. It shows us there's a division in the kingdom. Amen. And look at what Paul says. I want to take us into Romans 7. And that's where we'll spend most of our time tonight. Brother B or uh Paul would say this. He says, "Know ye not, brethren, for I speak to them that know the law." Now Paul is speaking now through the filter of the law. This is Paul speaking through the filter of works. This is Paul speaking through the filter of what I can do and more importantly what I can't seem to do. Okay? So don't look at this as the end condition of a believer. But this is one side of the coin that is the divided kingdom of your body in your life right now. Okay? He says I know how that the law have dominion over man as long as he liveth. For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he lives. But if the husband dead be dead, she's loosed from the law of her husband. We know this from marriage and divorce that a woman cannot remarry until her husband is dead. Period. There is no exception to that in scripture. Okay? So he's saying the law is like that. He says, "So then if while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress. But if her husband be dead, she is free from that law. So she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man." So he's drawing what our life condition. Now, this one side of this divided kingdom, and he's comparing it to being bound to a husband, he says, "Wherefore, my brethren," he says, "s ye are also become dead to the law by the body of Christ, that you should be married to an other, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God." He says, "For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sin which were by the law did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death." He says, "While you were living according to the flesh under the law, all you could do was bring out death." He says, "But now are we we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held." He says that we should serve in newness of spirit and not in the oldness of the letter. Okay, I want to stop here because Paul's painting a picture for us. And I love Paul because Paul never pretends he's perfect. But he points us to the perfect walk of the believer. And it seems like there's a contradiction there. But Paul is not speaking this by theology. Paul is speaking this by personal experience. Okay. So this is the prophet of God, the first church age messenger, a man full of the Holy Ghost, more signs, more wonders, more gifts than any other believer of his time. And this is what he's going to tell us about. Okay? But remember, Paul under the law was zealous. He was spiritual. He was well taught. He loved the word of God. And under the law, in the flesh, he was antichrist in his actions. And all he could produce was death, figuratively and literally. Okay? But Paul says, now that the law has been fulfilled, the law is dead to you, you don't have to be married to the law because the law works in a certain way in your life, and if you're stuck on the law, it's going to keep producing it. But you can walk now by another law, which is in newness of spirit, and that will change the way you look at yourself. It'll change the way you walk day by day. It'll change how you look at yourself when you mess up even. Okay? Remember what Jesus said to Nicodemus and this was the opening scripture we started with about this divided kingdom. He said Jesus answered and said verily verily I say unto thee except a man be born of water and of the spirit he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh and that which is born of the spirit is spirit. So in other words, you can't make the flesh part like the spirit and you can't make the spirit part like the flesh. They're incompatible. They are divided. They are not the same thing. Okay, the flesh part will always be the flesh part in this world and the spirit part will always be the spirit part in this world. Okay, they're two halves and you have body, soul, and spirit. But looking at it from God's eyes, your bo your soul and your spirit are the same thing. They're bound in the same way because he gives you a new heart and a new spirit and then he gives you his spirit. So those are all tied into one kingdom because they come from him. But on the other side, you have this flesh. And when you look at Ezekiel 36 and Jeremiah 31, as brother Barry was talking about, you see nothing there about the body. The flesh is outside of that process that we get here by the new birth. But we'll see it's not left out. It's just not part of what we're getting through here. So we're stuck in a body in flesh in carnality that is unredeemed and untouched by the new birth process. And that's where the battle is today. It's between the part that has been changed and the part that has not been changed. Okay, we have a part that comes from God. That's our that's the the spirit of God in us. It's the new spirit he gave us, the new nature he gave us. But then we have the part that comes unfortunately from our parents. And no matter how good they are, it is still sinful and fallen and carnal. And it is at end enmity with the spirit of God. Amen. So if you don't believe me, let's just keep reading with Paul in Romans 7 here tonight because as I said, this is the first church age messenger, a man full of the Holy Ghost, a prophet. And he's talking about the battle of the flesh. He says in the ampl and just this first verse is the amplified just so we understand. He says, "For I do not understand my own actions." He says, "I'm bewildered. I'm baffled. I do not practice or accomplish what I wish, but I do the very things that I loathe." Boy, Paul's not much of a Holy Ghost fil man, church. He says, "If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good. But now then it is no more I that doeth, but sin that dwelleth in me." See, you say, "I've been cleansed. I've been reborn." Yes, but a portion of you hasn't. And sin dwells mightily in that portion. There's an army of sin in this flesh, if you want to talk about it. He says, "For I know that in me." He says that is in my flesh. See, we got to understand what we're talking about here. He says, "In my flesh dwells no good thing. For to will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good, I find not." See, there's a will to do good, but there's a gap between our desires and our and our abilities. And he says, I can't seem to close that gap where in my flesh. This is not a spirit problem. This is a flesh problem because the flesh has desires and the inner man has desires. Okay? We've got deity and we've got sin fighting it out in our body. We've got natural DNA which is this flesh and we've got spiritual DNA which is our soul filled with the spirit. And those two are button heads all day long. He says how to perform that which is good I find not. He says, "For the good that I would do or for the good that I would, I do not." He says, "But the evil which I would not, that I do." This is a frustration for Paul. He says, "Now, if I do that, I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me." Boy, he's got this excuse down really good. It's not me, it's the sin that's in me. But he's trying to get us to focus on where the two kingdoms are in the body. There's a kingdom of the born again in the soul and there's a kingdom of the damned in this flesh. There's a sin portion and there's an eternal godly portion. Amen. He's not trying to make an excuse. He's trying to show us the battle that goes on every single day for a believer. For one that's been filled with the spirit of God. He says, "I find then a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me. It's always there. It never goes away." He says, "For I delight in the law of God after the inward man." And we do, don't we? Inwardly, we always want this, but there's also a desire elsewhere that is fighting against that. And that's what Paul's talking about here. Amen. If we're born again, there's something inside of us that resists. But if we're not, look out. It'll have its way with you every time. He says, "But I see another law where? In my members." That means this body. This stinking flesh. Okay? He says, "Worrying against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members." Amen. It's this flesh body. It's this members full of sin that leads to actions that lead us to death and destruction. Amen. It's a battle of the soul versus the body. He says, "Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from this body of death?" Now notice, he doesn't need a full deliverance. He just needs a body deliverance. He doesn't say, "I need a deliverance from my soul, from my spirit." He says, "I need a body deliverance." Amen. He says, "But I thank God through Christ Jesus our Lord." He says, "So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God, but the flesh, but with the flesh, the law of sin." So you have this divided kingdom. You have the mind. Brother B would say that's the soul as well. It includes the spirit and these different things that's tied to God, but this flesh is bound up to sin. Now, you look through all of that and you'd say, "Boy, Paul's really struggling. Does Paul even really have the Holy Ghost?" Look in there. He says, "Every," he he says it in a way that sounds like every time I want to do good, I end up doing bad. I keep wanting to do the right thing and I keep doing the wrong thing. Anybody ever feel like that? Sometimes you just you have every right and good intention and then you walk right up to the decision and if right is right and left is wrong, what do we do? We go like that. more convenient, less hassle, less pain, less embarrassment. Easier. Amen. But he's pointing to a life also where you trust in your works rather than in the grace of God. Amen. Because if we're focused on performance, we're never going to make it to heaven. We will, but it won't be because of our performance. It'll be again by the grace of God. Amen. But he's pointing to the fact that you don't have to walk outside of your home to be in a battle. You're in a battle every single day. So whether we sit at home and say, "I'm not letting Satan in." Guess what, church? He's in your members already. There's a battle. Whether you're sitting on your couch, whether you're in front of your computer, you're mowing your lawn, or you're out working in public or talking to people, wherever it might be. There's a battle going on every single day. And sometimes we win, and sometimes we lose. Amen. If we're honest, listen, we don't want to go around giving a testimony of all the times we lose. But church, if we're always losing, there's a problem. We're supposed to be overcomers. Amen. We're supposed to be getting the victory, the spirit of God is in us to overcome. And if we're always losing, we've got a problem. And I've said it before, I'll say it again. If something has cropped up in your life, go look at what you've changed recently. Because you can't have something you never had before unless something has come into your life differently. And it's because we open doors. It's because we start a new relationship. We start reading a certain book. We start looking at certain things. We start spending our time differently. Maybe spending our money differently. Whatever it is, look for the change. And often times that's the door that Satan comes in through. I speak by personal experience. And it can be the littlest thing, church. It could be the littlest thing because all he needs is to just get a little a little pry bar in there and then he starts to crack it open and then a little bit more and a little bit more and a little bit more and all of a sudden we say, "Hey, where did this come from?" And we tied it back to one single little thing that we did one night. One little book we read, one little conversation that we followed up on, one person that maybe we shouldn't be hanging around with, whatever it might be. Brother Ram says this. He says, "Forgive our many weaknesses, Lord. We don't intend to do anything wrong, Lord. But through our flesh, we do make mistakes. How often? Daily. So in order to stay alive in Christ, we have to die to our own thoughts. So keep us dead to ourselves and alive in him. Let our bodies and soul be so submissive to him that people will see the reflection of Christ as we go or come or whatever we do. Now, that's one thing of of of the side of of of sins of commission, if I could put it that way, where we do something wrong. We we fall, we didn't pay attention, we got sidetracked, whatever that might be. We opened up a door. Sometimes it's not that we start started doing something. is that we stopped doing the right things. We stopped feeding on the right things. We stopped hanging around the right people. We stopped going to church. We stopped doing whatever it might be. And that's what the door opened. Amen. But sometimes we're doing exactly what we ought to be doing as well. And we get into trouble because what do we do? We get ahead of God. That's what Moses did. Moses a deliverer. But remember, Moses got ahead of God's plan. He knew who he was, but he didn't stop and wait for directions. And sometimes we know what we're supposed to do, but we don't know when. And we don't maybe know quite know how. But we presume and we jump out and we do something we ought not to. Joshua did the same thing after Jericho. He didn't check with God and say, "Hey, God, is everything good before we go to this next battle?" Cuz God had said, "Just go take the land." But he was expecting Joshua to come talk to the captain of the host before he went to the next place. And Joshua didn't. And they lost 30 odd men because they didn't clean the camp of sin. Amen. Sometimes we're doing the right thing and it's in God's will, but we get a little too personally involved and we let our personality take hold and we start to make mistakes, done it many times and had to repent many times. What do we do? We let ourselves get involved rather than just letting him lead the way. Brother Brown would say this. He says, "But a man that's going to do something is going to blunder. He's going to fall." Brother John, this is sure not a very encouraging sermon tonight. Hey, there's some people here maybe that are bound up because they keep making mistakes. I'm here to show you we're going to make mistakes. Listen, this flesh is a mistake in and of itself. It ain't perfect. It ain't godly. He says he's going to make mistakes. But if he's really divinely called and God is in his heart, he'll rise again. Men, scripture says a righteous man, a just man falls seven times and gets up again. That's the nature of an overcomer. You can knock us down, but you can't keep us down. We keep getting back up. Why? There's something in us that rises up to every occasion. Sometimes we get knocked down real good. Sometimes we really take a beating and we can end up laying on our bed and we're depressed and we're worn out and we're tired, but eventually the spirit of God says, "Get up, son of God. Get up, daughter. We got things to do. We got place to go. There's a rapture to make. There's a body to support. There's a family that needs you. There's a body that's relying on you to be in your position. Amen. I've done many things wrong where I just got ahead of God and I presumed. I didn't go ask. I didn't wait for perfect leadership. Amen. And that's a big part of these things we'll find is presumption assuming that because we've been called or we've got a direction that we can just go ahead and do it. Amen. But I've learned I've got to be certain it's God's will and time and time. And then if I can do that, it'll work out. But otherwise, it's just a work of my doing. And guess what? I'll blunder and fall because of doing that on my own. It's still going to be a failure in those moments. He says this, "Remember, you backslide every day." Oh, what? Every day. He says, "There's no way at all for you to keep out of it." He says, "But you're constantly falling." Paul had to die every day. Is that right? He says he had to die every day. repent every day and just constantly repenting all the time. Oh my, what a wonderful Wednesday night service. You all better go home and repent tonight. That's all I got to say. Maybe we should have a repentance service cuz he says Paul had to do it every day. That's a church age messenger in the alpha church where Christ was revealing himself. What ought that to say about us, church, if we're in the omega? that we're going to make mistakes every day and we ought to be repenting every day for those mistakes. But don't get hung up on the mistakes and we're not going to get to Romans 8. This is going to be a downer sermon before we get to the high sermon of Romans 8. But Paul never stays in this condition. But it is a condition and it is a part of our daily walk as believers. Amen. Yeah. I appreciated what brother Barry said when he was here. He was talking about, you know, coming from a a home with alcoholism. When we were in the marriage seminar there, he was saying, you know, he's got to be careful because he has an addictive personality. He easily latches on to things and they can take over. So, he says, I've got to put guards up against that. This is Paul showing us, hey, we got to be careful in our lives. We got to be honest about where we're at. We got to be honest about the things. Listen, sometimes people say, "Hey, do you want to come over and do this?" Some of us need to say, "No, I can't handle that. You might be able to, but I can't." Not wrong, not right. It's just not for me because I've got a guard up and I can't do those things the way you do it. Amen. But what Paul's showing us is that listen, it's only the children of God that even have this battle in the first place. It's the fact that you're a spiritfilled child of God that creates this battle. Cuz people in the world walk around and they don't have this battle. They don't struggle with these things. Listen, they can they can know intellectually that I shouldn't do that, but there actually isn't a desire to take it away, to stop it. And so they keep failing and they keep failing and they keep failing. Amen. It's only the born again believer that has this battle and it's a daily thing. I've said read this quote before and I'll just read the one line. Brother Brham says, "If you don't believe you have wars, just get the Holy Ghost once. The Holy Spirit wants." Why? Because that's when the battle starts. Cuz now there's a battle for possession. There's a battle for dominion. There's a battle to see who's going to win and who's going to lose. And it's going on every day until this body's going to be changed. It's a born It's a divided kingdom with a born-again portion in the spirit of God in your soul, but that whole thing is residing in a body that is completely committed to sin and self and lusts and desires and all of these different things. So, we've got this daily battle going on. Whatever says about this this section of Romans 7, he says that's Paul speaking to the Romans. He says, "Now, let me just kind of polish it up so you can see." He said, "In me is two persons, right? one wants me to do and wrong the other one wants me to do. And every time I start to do right, then the wrong hinders me every time. So the minute you even start to think about it, much less do it, this flesh will resist. Every time you make a move towards God, this flesh is trying to pull you back. It's always in resistance. Amen. Every time you want to read your Bible or listen to a message or worship God or have fellowship, this flesh will resist because it knows that the closer you get to God, the more uncomfortable this flesh is going to be. Amen. We ought to know this now as mature believers. Most of us, this flesh gets very uncomfortable when you do things God's way. Amen. Let me say it this way. When it's 1000 p.m. and you're laying in your bed and it's been a long day and you've got a phone on your bed on your on your night table and you got your Bible on your night table, the question is the battle is which one are we going to pick up? That's a daily battle, isn't it? If you haven't had your devotions yet and it's 10 p.m., your day is almost over. You got a choice to make. Do I pick up my Bible or do I pick up my phone? And listen, if you pick up your phone the next night, what are you going to pick up more easily? the phone. If you pick up the Bible the next night, what are you going to pick up more easily? The Bible. Amen. But it's a battle right there. Amen. When we're worn out, the last thing we want to do is maybe focus. We want to check out. But if you've had an experience of what reading your Bible does in those times, then you'll say, "I really need the Bible. I really need to spend some time in the word of God. I need to just slow down and talk to him for a little bit. Maybe put the phone away, be still and know that he's God. Sometimes we just need to rest there. When I wake up in the morning, this is something I do. You might find a bit funny. I set two alarms. The first alarm is to wake me up. And then I spend the next 15 minutes praying and just talking to God and setting up my day. And then when that second alarm goes off, then I say, "Okay, now I can get up and start my day." And that's just one way of me saying, "I'm going to start my day right. I have no reason not to listen. If I have to go straight to work, I don't have time to read my Bible. I've still started my day. Before I pick up my phone, before I check my messages, before I see who won the hockey game, I say, "Lord, I'm committing my day to you." And I pray for those special needs in the body that have been mentioned to me over the last couple days. And and I just say, "Lord, will you be with me today? Help me to be your witness. Help me to testify of you. Help me keep help keep me in your will." Just a basic thing like that. It's a decision. It takes away 15 minutes of my sleep. Maybe. But it sets me up every single morning. Very easy thing to do. I'm all about practical. That's a very easy thing that every one of us can do. But Paul says this, and I want to I want to read what Paul says here about how we beat it. How we beat this. That's what we need to do. We need to put a beating on these things. And Paul says, "But I keep under my body and bring it under subjection, lest that by any means when I preach to others, I myself should be a cast away." In in the uh Common English Bible, not a translation I typically use, but I thought it said this most clearly. He says, "Rather, I'm landing punches on my own body and subduing it like a slave." How many of us can say we're beating up our flesh? Now, some of you may say, "You know what, brother John? I don't do that so much." You know why you don't do it so much now? Because you did it a long time ago. And many of you have beaten the flesh. I'm looking at the older folks, the elders amongst us. Listen, the trials that you face now are not so much of the flesh. They're of the mind and the attitude. I think I think I'm getting nodding heads. But in our younger stages, that's where the flesh is the strongest. The guys are full of testosterone. The girls just want to get married. They want to look pretty. They want to fit in. They want to have fun. They want to spend money. Right? They've got it. They've got money to spend. And so that's where the flesh needs to be brought into subjection. That's where we as parents can show them what it looks like to live a life. I had a chat with my son a little while ago. He knows how much money I make now. And he knows that compared to what I make, how I live. And that's giving him a reference for this is what a believer does with their money. They don't live a life that's flashy. They don't go around and spend money on on on big things and fancy things. They live a life that's simple so that they don't live in debt. So that they can be generous, so they can help out when people need it. Not so we can live life for self. That's what we need to do as parents and elders is to show them what it looks like to live a life where this flesh just gets pounded and pounded and pounded so that it can't rise up. You know, the biggest thing they worried about is exactly what happened to the Egyptians. The slaves rose up. Remember what? That's why they put him into slavery the first time was they said, "Listen, we got more Hebrews than Egyptians in here, and if we don't bring them into slavery, then they're going to rise up and take over." Paul says, "This body is like a slave rebellion. You got to keep hammering it, otherwise it's going to come up and it's going to take over." The time to do that is early and often. It's a good habit to get into. Paul says, "I beat up the outer man, the flesh man, constantly. It's a daily thing." Now, Paul's a mature believer, and he's still doing it. Amen. But how are you going to beat up that outer man? How are we going to do this every single day? How do you beat up this flesh? How do you beat up this carnality that we have? We going to give ourselves a black eye every day? We're going to be standing there punching ourselves in the stomach? No, it's not that sort of thing. How do we do it? We deprive it of what it wants. That's how we beat it up. If you can weaken a person, they don't have the strength to fight. So, we got to weaken this flesh. Amen. We stop giving it what it wants. And this is a very familiar quote. I know you've heard it many times. Brother B says, "Here, not long ago, I was in the West and I heard of an Indian that got converted." He said, "How you feeling, chief?" And after a few days, he said, "Well, pretty good and pretty bad, just like Paul." He said, "What do you mean pretty good?" He says, "Well, since I got saved, there's two dogs in me. One's black and one's white, and they just fight all the time. The black dog wants me to do bad and the white dog wants me to do good." He said I said which one wins chief said depends on which one the chief feeds the most. He says that's it. I mean that's what repentance looks like in practice. You know when you're feeling when you're feeding on uh what you're feeding on shows if you're actually repentant or not. Because remember the scripture says that you're supposed to show forth fruits meat for repentance. And we sit there and we do we mess up and we say oh God I didn't mean to do that Lord. you know that I didn't want to do that in my heart. And then we say the right words for them, what do we do? We go back and we do it again. Listen, if we're addicted to to to drugs or alcohol or something, we don't just go to God and say, "Lord, I'm sorry. I've been drinking." What do we do? We say, "Lord, I'm going to get rid of the alcohol." And then what do we do? We go get rid of the alcohol. That's how you beat up this flesh. Now, that's not going to change you. But that's fruits meat for repentance. That's not a life change. That's not a new birth. But that's you showing that you meant what you said. Amen. So if we're feeding on the things that we said that we shouldn't do and we were repentant for doing, does it mean we're repentant? Not really. Because the actions don't match up with the words that we said to God. Amen. That's our duty is to take our faith and put it into repentive action. Amen. We're spending too much time on our phone. What do we do? Well, you can throw out the phone. That's actually a good starting place. It's talking to a coworker. He said, "My daughter is constantly on my phone. She is bound to her phone." And he was talking about how technology is going to destroy this world. And he says, "It's already destroying our youth because all they do is walk around doing this all day long. Some of us probably need to throw the phone away. Some of us can't handle it." So, well, I've showed before many of you the the picture on my phone and it says, "Do you need to be on your phone?" I got that from Brother Joe. I thought that was great. There are apps to do it. I had a brother tell me, "Hey, I've got an app that locks out my phone and I've got to wait 45 seconds before it'll let me in after a while." Hey, that's great. That shows that you're saying, "Lord, I really don't want to be caught up in this." That's a fruit that's meat for for repentance. You can say to your spouse, "Hey honey, if you see me sitting on my phone and you know it's not workrelated, can you tell me?" That's fruits meat for repentance. But that's not a change. That's addressing the symptom, not the root cause. But it shows you're serious. It shows you're serious. There's nothing wrong with those sorts of things. Amen. It's still just a band-aid, though. But Paul would say this in Galatians 5. We're talking about that beating up of the flesh, keeping it under subjection. He says, "They that are Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust." He says, "Now, if we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit." So in other words, if we claim to be spiritfilled and led, then our lives ought to reflect that. Amen. But unless that inner man is changed, you'll go right out and you'll go back to your phone and you'll go back to your alcohol and you'll go back to your cigarettes or whatever it is. Brother told me a hilarious story. He said, "I came out of special meetings one time." Now, he was not converted. Let's get that out up front. Some of you may know this man. He said, "I came out of service and I was so convicted about having a TV." He said, "And I had a nice TV." And that was back when TVs were expensive. He says, "I came home and I took that TV and I threw it in the trash." But you know what happened? He says, "A couple weeks later, I went out and I bought a bigger and a better TV and I brought it back into my house." Why? Because he was unconverted under the passion and the preaching and the conviction of the word. He did the fruits meet for repentance, but it was only a band-aid because the inner man hadn't changed. And so he went out and spent even more money to get an even nicer TV after that. That's what Paul's talking about. This flesh wants what it wants. And there's a battle every single day to get it right. That man had no power to change. There's nothing in him to do it. Amen. Church, we've got to have someone on the inside to fight those battles. Because until we get someone else, this kingdom is all together. It's all flesh. That which is born of flesh is flesh. You got to have a spirit birth to combat the flesh birth. Otherwise, we're going to be in big problems. Amen. Let me say it this way. You can't fight flesh with flesh. You can't take the will of this flesh and fight the desire of this flesh cuz they're in the same kingdom. In the end, they're going to butt heads. And guess who's going to win? The flesh. Cuz the flesh is fighting the flesh. Whichever one fights, it's going to win. And that win is always going to be a compromise because it's coming from the same kingdom. It's the same side that's doing it. Amen. We need a changing of the desires of our heart, not just the habits. And that's what the spirit of God is supposed to do in us. Amen. It's, you know, you look at coming into church and we can come in and hear the word and nod our head and say, "Amen." That's not going to change us. That's good. That's a good habit. That's something that every born again child of God is supposed to do. But that won't change us. It takes the spirit of God inside us to change what's inside of us. Amen. And then it cleans up that old nature and it starts to change us from the inside out. Now, it's a familiar thing that Jesus was talking to them in Mark 3. Remember he he cast out a devil and and they said, "The scribes which came down from be from Jerusalem said, he hath be elabub and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils." And he called them unto him, and he said unto them in parables, how can Satan cast out Satan? And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand. And if Satan rise up against himself and be divided, he cannot stand, but have an end. That's why I say you can't fight flesh with flesh is because you're fighting the desire of the flesh with the mindset of the flesh. It won't work. It can't work. It's from the exact same kingdom. Amen. They're tied together. They're both broken. They're both sinful. And you might have come under conviction by the preaching of the word or looking at believers in the life they live. But you can't fight Satan with Satan because he won't do it. He'll fool you into thinking you're fighting, but really what you're doing is you're working out a plan to keep him in command. Amen. You cannot win flesh against flesh. Amen. The flesh ultimately will not do what it needs done. Look around. America is 70% obese, church. The flesh can't fight the flesh because the flesh always wins. And the flesh is broken and failed and it leads to death and destruction. It will give in to itself eventually. That's the way it works. You know this if you've ever tried to kick a habit on your own. It doesn't work. It may work for a while. It may work for years. But put yourself in the wrong conditions, the wrong time, the wrong season. And what happens is you just roll over and you go right back to it. Amen. What we need to win is to have another kingdom rise up. It's the only way it's going to work is another kingdom rises up and it kicks that one out and brings it under submission. Man, but watch this. Now, here's a real world example of this. How it comes to a believer today because it's not all about drugs and alcohol and pornography and bad relationships and all these different things. It's about doing what God wants you to do versus what the flesh wants you to do. many times. Okay. Brother Ram says this. Paul said, "With my mind," and he says, "And I have the mind of Christ." He said, "I serve God with my mind, but with the flesh, the law of sin." What is it now? Brother Ram brings it to himself. He says, "My flesh says tonight, you're too tired. Your throat is too sore. You've been out in the wind today. You shall not go to church tonight." That's the law of the flesh. I've heard people say, "Romans 7 was Paul before the Holy Ghost." No. Prophet says, "This is Paul with the Holy Ghost. He's still dealing with hard times. Okay, that's the law of the flesh. You might just as well call him up and tell brother Neville to send the questions down and then tell him to answer them. He says, "But you see, I promise to do it." He says, "Now my mind on the inside, the Holy Spirit said, you keep your promise, but the flesh said, you're too tired." Paul said, "My flesh wants always to yield to that." And he says, "Your flesh does, too." He says, "But the law of the spirit of God in the heart overcomes the flesh and makes the body obey what the heart says do." Now, this is Romans 8:2. We're getting a preview of what's coming for service. So, if you like this, then come again on Sunday. I mean, this is where we're going. But there's a battle in the meantime. He says, "Now the law of sin and death works in your flesh, but the law of the spirit of life works in your heart." He says, "So your spirit," now he doesn't mean your spirit. means the spirit of God in your heart because our natural spirit won't do this. He says, "So your spirit in your heart will make your body obey what it says do." That's exactly right. He says, "Now that's what Paul said. Always the flesh. I'm too tired. I'm unable." Catch this. Oh, catch this now. Not just I'm too tired. I'm unable. Who tells you that when scripture says we've been made more than conquerors? He says I'm not sufficient. Woe is me. I'm too little. I'm too weak. I'm a nobody. I don't have what it takes. That's what the flesh says. Why? Because it's under satanic influence. He says, "I cannot do it." And he says, "Hallelujah." He says, "Look," and then he he he completely switches the paradigm. He says, "Look, this isn't just about making your body do what it's supposed to do." He says, "Then look, if it will do that for a sinner, then won't it work for that sickness, too?" He says, "The law of the spirit of God in the heart that knows that by his stripes we are healed. They stand with their power and make that sickness in the body obey them because it's a devil." He says, "There you are." He's saying, "Listen, this goes far beyond just making your body do what the spirit of God wants. It's about taking away the keys from Satan and booting him out of the competing out of the kingdom completely." Because you've got to remember that this body is coming to a time where it gets repurchased and put back into the kingdom of God. Amen. It's not just about letting the spirit of God rise up and make this body do what it wants to, but it's about letting the spirit of God rise up and claim back that which belongs to God. See, we don't look at this body, yes, it's not redeemed now, but it's going to be redeemed. Amen. And let me say again, this body is not redeemed now, but it's going to be redeemed. And so the spirit of God inside of us is preparing that kingdom body for redemption. That's why he still he took the stripes. You say God doesn't care about this body. God cares about this body and he's going to fully redeem it. But it starts with the healing of the body. That's the earnest of our full redemption. It's the earnest of the body change of the rapture is the healing. So he took himself and he held himself to the whipping post so that this body could enter the process of redemption that culminates in a body change. So it's not just about telling my hands and feet and mouth what to do. It's about taking back this entire thing for the kingdom of God because it belongs to him. It belongs to him. Amen. So there's a body for there's a battle for this body for our health, not just for our our general well-being in these things. Amen. We know that our soul was reunited with the eternal God by the indwelling of the spirit. But this body needs to be reunited with that eternal portion as well. And how is that? What is that eternal portion? It's our theophony. And that theophony is waiting there. That theophony is our victory, church. Remember the scripture says that this body will be swallowed up in victory. What is it? It's the theophony body for you that's waiting. That waiting proves that you're going to make it. By the way, that body is waiting because you are a redeemed son and daughter of God. It's been there since before the foundation of the world. And it sweeps down into this body and it brings it totally subject to the eternal. And you step into glory. And that's the last thing that happens. That's the last thing that changes. Amen. Why? Because this body is also belonging to God. But we got a battle in it while we're here. When what Paul said in Romans 8, and again, we'll we'll touch this next service. He says, "But not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves groan within ourselves waiting for the adoption to the redemption of our body." See, that's the fullness of adoption is when everything is restored back. Right now, we've got a soul condition that's been restored. Now, we're seated in heavenly places. It's an eternal thing. But this body has to be reconfigured. It has to be changed. And it has to be brought back because we've got to be made into his glorious a body like under his glorious body. That's what we've been promised. Amen. So this body is important to God. Yes, it might be sinful for now. It's fallen for now, but it's important enough that God insists that it brings he brings it back into redemption along with our souls. So it's caught between now our current condition and our future condition. And there's a battle that takes us all the way over to that future condition of full redemption. The changing of reuniting with our theophony to turn into a glorious body. Paul say this. He says in 1 Corinthians, "What know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? For ye are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are gods. It all belongs to him." Amen. This body, it houses God. It's the dwelling place of God. And yet, this body is not in tune with God. But yet he dwells inside of it even though it's not agreeable to him. Paul says because the Holy Ghost dwells inside of you. Glorify God in that body. Bring it into subjection by the power of the spirit in your life. Live according to the spirit of God, not according to the spirit of death that lives in this body. Now when we talk about these things, I know many start to wonder and they say, "What's the difference then between the desire of my soul and the desire of this body?" Cuz if we're all honest, we know that we have some unholy desires at times. Listen, you may not be men lusting after women, but you might be lusting for retribution on somebody. You might desire to go correct somebody or hope that somebody gets their just desserts. That's not a holy thought. Spare the bride say, "Come, we're under mercy now." That ought to be our every thought is mercy and grace. And yet we have some very ungracious thoughts at times if we're honest. So how do we know what is a soul desire and merely what is the carnal nature that is stuck in this flesh that we have to deal with on a daily basis? Remember Jesus said or John said this because we can get caught up and this is where Satan beats us up many times is that we see something or something's presented to us and it has a draw to us and we think, "Oh my goodness, how could I do that? I know that's wrong." And yet there's a draw to it. And Satan will beat us up pretty bad because if you love the things of the world, we know what John said. He says, "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him." And yet things of the world can be presented before us and there is an attraction to them. Absolutely there is. Absolutely there is. That's what we've been talking about this whole time. Amen. It doesn't say though, it doesn't say don't be tempted. It says don't love. See, sometimes we take the fact that we are tempted to mean that we love. That's not true. That's not true. Amen. What is the love of God? It's the very attribute or it's the nature of God. It's the spirit of God within us that makes us love the things of God and act on that love. Amen. But if that's the case, then how can we even be tempted? If we've got the love of God inside of us and our love is towards him, then how can we even be tempted by something that is so far outside the holiness and righteousness of God? It seems that the desire to love those things would be completely contrary to God. And it is. But remember, this flesh has desires that cannot be quenched by a new birth experience. The flesh wants what it wants. The flesh is drawn to fleshly things. The spirit is drawn to spirit things. And the idea is you've got to overcome that flesh by the spirit. But it still wants it. Amen. So what's the difference? And how do I know which is which? What's a soul desire and what's a flesh desire? And if we think our soul des our flesh desires our soul desires and they're bad, Satan's going to beat us up and he's going to make us think we're not born again. We don't have the Holy Spirit. Pretty soon we stop fighting. We stop trying. We get depressed. We get useless and we can't do anything. And he's got us defeated because we are stagnant. We're not moving. We refuse to fight anymore. So I'll give you a few pointers here tonight, but we already read this important and it's what you think about and what you focus on is your soul's true desire. How do you spend your day? How do you spend your time? How do you spend your money? What do you actively pursue? If I could put it that way. Not what is presented to you, but what do you seek after? What are you actively chasing? What are you actively going after? What are you trying to get? What are you trying to achieve? That's what shows what your real desire is. Jesus would say this. He says, "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal." If you're focused on that, you're headed away from God every single time. He says, ' But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust does rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break nor steal. So there's a right way to spend your time and energy, and there's a wrong way to spend it. And the right way is for heavenly gain, and the other one is for earthly gain. Okay? One is wrong earthly, one is right and heavenly. He says, "For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also." So, in other words, what you're building up, what you are seeking, what you are working to gain shows what your soul's desire is. And if it's for the things of this world, then I'm sorry to say, you've either lost the really big battle or you've not been converted yet. It's that simple. It's that simple. Amen. Listen, we all need a house. We need a vehicle. And but if the provision for those or or or the seeking for those makes us not do what God requires again, we've either not been converted or we've lost the battle somewhere. Jesus said if you love the things or love the world or the things of the world and he's contrasting that against this loving the things of God. So really you say what is your desire? Is your desire towards the things of God? Then that's the nature of a holy ghost fil. If your nature is towards the things of the world, that's an unconverted soul. Fairly simple. The world keeps winning, something's wrong. Can I say it that way? The world keeps winning, something's wrong. He says, "The light of the body is the eye." In other words, what brings what what fills the body comes through the eyes. Says, "If therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light." So if you're looking at if your eye is focused on one thing and it's light, then the whole body gets that light. Amen. In other words, what you're looking at, what you're dwelling on, what you're feeding your mind and your thoughts and inspirations and desires shows what's inside of you. What you're feeding to produce shows what you want on the inside. Okay? Look at your appetite on a daily basis, and that'll tell you what's inside you. He says, "But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness? What are we looking at? What are we focused on? What do we do when we have free time and nobody's there to tell us what to do or what not to do? That'll tell you what's on the inside. That's your answer. He says, "No man can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. Someone has to win and somebody has to lose. Okay. Now, I want to say this and I've already said it, but I want to reemphasize it. The fact that you are tempted does not mean that you desire it in your soul. Jesus was tempted without sin. Without sin. And he was in perfect flesh with the spirit of God in him. And yet there was a temptation to go the easier route. It was tempting. He had no desire, but there was a what? There is an attraction to that mental if nothing else. Temptation reflects the flesh if you've been converted. What I seek, what I actively pursue, that shows what my appetites and desires are on a daily basis. And if I desired for the things of God, if I feed on the things of God, then I'm doing it because there's a desire for God inside of me. And it shows that there's something inside me that's changed those things. But if through all of that I live this outer shell of a believer, but all I want to do is watch movies and look at sensual things and go race cars, then guess what, church? I'm living a I'm living a lie. Why? Cuz that's what I used to want to do before I got converted. That's what I wanted to do. I was like a typical young man. I just wanted to to to look at women I shouldn't look at and have fun and get cars and be rich and but I don't want to do that anymore. Why? because there's been a conversion in my life. So if you can look at what you used to want and you look at what you look you you desire today, if there's no difference, we've got a problem because we're all born in sin shaped in iniquity. There had to be a change. There had to be a conversion somewhere. Every one of us knows what we used to be and we know what we are today. Listen, I I've known people that served the Lord for 30, 40 years and walked away in the end. I'm telling you, there were always signs in their life. And only they may have seen it, but they would have had an indication something's wrong. Cuz inside, you know what you want. You know what you do. You know what you'll do if nobody's around. You know what you'll do if if you have unfettered access to whatever. When you got downtime, nobody's around. Whatever that might be. We know what our desire is. And there has to be a conversion. There has to be a change there. And if there has been no change, then I'm sorry, we have not been converted. How can you be converted if nothing's changed? That's the very definition of a conversion is it's a change, a drastic change. Amen. You know, every year I go to Edmonton and and try to spend some time with my dad and we always end up going racing because that's what he likes to do. Now, I don't spend all year dreaming of racing. I don't spend all year looking at sports cars. I don't spend all year trying to get back into cars and those different things. I'm not always trying to see if I can fit one in the garage trying to scratch an itch. Why? because it's not an itch anymore. The itch is gone. I can enjoy it without there being the itch, if you know what I mean. Okay? Why? It has no power over me. It has no power over me. I will always like cars. It's something that I'm interested in. Amen. But I don't give it any power because it has no power. There's nothing in me that cries out to get back into that scene again. If I ended up with a nice car someday, I'd say, "Praise the Lord. Thank you for it." But if I don't, then I probably won't. Then it matters not to me. Why? Because there's been a conversion. I've had nice cars even since I got the Holy Ghost. And it wasn't that I had to, it's that I could. And I did. And I enjoyed it for a season, but I'm in a different season now. Maybe it'll come back again. I'd love it. But it's not something I'm looking for. Why? Because I'm satisfied with what he's given me. I've got an assurance that where I'm at and what I'm doing is pleasing to him and it's fulfilling to me. Sometimes those things are just filling a gap that needs to be filled by something of God if we're honest. Amen. So now doing some racing with my father is a choice and it's a choice of a very short timeline at a very particular part of the year and then I walk away. And it's not a bad thing in and of itself, but if I were to do it all the time, it would be bad because it'd be on the weekends. It'd be with the wrong type of people. It' take me out of fellowship. and take me out of the pulpit and take me out of study, take me away from my family. It's not something I can do all the time. And that's the way most of our habits are. Listen, there's nothing wrong with hunting, is there, Brother Matt? But if we're going out every other weekend, guess what? It's a problem. It's a problem because our family needs us, our local body needs us, our church needs us, whatever it is, these things are meant to take a distant, not even second place, fifth, 10th place in the things of God. I like what brother Barry said where he was showing he says first priority is God. Second priority is family. Third priority is is self. If you got any time left. I thought that was really good. And really if you want to think about it you got to throw the family of God in with family. And listen if we were con if we were so committed to the family of God we really don't end up with a whole lot of time for self. And that keeps us out of trouble. That keeps us out of trouble so many times. Listen, there's there's a Holy Ghost habit. When I was studying this, I a scripture jumped out at me. You know what we're supposed to have? We are supposed to have an addiction, a Holy Ghost addiction in this day. You know what Paul said? He said, "Forsake not the assembling of yourselves together, and all the more." In other words, let it be more and more and more. Get addicted to getting close together and spending time together. He says, "As the day approaches, as we see the end of this gentile age coming to a close, as we see the rapture getting closer, we ought to be spending more and more time together as believers, not less and less. I don't know about you, but I don't ever feel better than after I've spent a weekend and special meetings with the family of God." Just the the the you know how we spent this last week with brother Barry here and even that wasn't even the typical one we did. You know, we had a Saturday and Sunday. Usually we've got a Friday, a Saturday, and a Sunday and a fellowship and these things. But you come after that and I'll tell you, you feel so wonderful because you've had such a clean and and and just a the whole thing is wholesome. And I'm not sitting there having to fight with worldliness and and having to fight with people that are contrary and having to guard my eyes and this and that and the other. But because I'm around the people of God, I can just relax and we can encourage and support one another. I love coming out and I had a wonderful conversation with Sister Justine and Sister Selena about things that the Lord was showing them in their scriptures and the things that they were doing and just seeing them grow and mature and the joy on their faces talking about the Lord. That's a wonderful thing. I did rebuke brother Bob for not coming and talking to me the whole weekend though. But we're a part of each other. We're a part of each other. And he had things he was doing and I had things I'm doing. But we still connected in the end if only to rebuke one another. Because that's a part of being together as well, isn't it? Keeping each other as iron sharpeneth iron. It's all for our good. If we're pulling away, there's a problem. We ought to desire more and more of each other every single day. That's the cry of a Holy Ghost-filled person is to be more and more in the presence of the people of God. We strengthen one another. What does it say? A a thbound cord is not easily broken. you get in good fellowship, it'll give you strength. It'll help you go through things you couldn't do before on your own. It'll it'll fill up your Holy Ghost tank sometimes. Amen. But yet Paul at the end of this, and we're closing. Paul at the end of this in in in Romans 7 at verse 24, I want to read this and I want to I want to read it in the original and then I want to read it in the amplified. He says, "Oh, wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body this death?" He kind of reminds me of David when he gets down in the dumps, right? But I love the amplified. It says, "I'm a miserable human being." Do you ever feel miserable, church? Sometimes I feel miserable. Really? You're a pastor now. You ought to be past that attitude. Sometimes I don't say it, but I sure think it. And I say, "When is that going to go?" Why? Because this flesh wants its piece of flesh. Sometimes it wants what it wants. Paul says, "I'm a miserable human being. Who will deliver me from this dead corpse?" Don't we just want that sometimes? Can I just get a break? Can I just get a reprieve? And the answer is no. No. You're in for a fight. Sister Sadie, how old was she when she passed away? 92? 94? 98. My goodness. And she said, "I'm still fighting every day." 98 in an old in a Christian old folks home in a room shared with one other person. And she's still fighting Satan every day. Church, the battle's not going away. But you've got the spirit of overcoming inside you to give you the victory. We get weary of the battle sometimes, and sometimes God does give us a temporary reprieve. But guess what? We're not here to sit around. We're here to win. We're here to overcome. Amen. So many times, see, it's not just actions and looking at things. Sometimes it's our headsp space. See, it's not just about doing. Sometimes it's just about dwelling. What am I dwelling on? I had a situation pop up at work and I did not like how somebody had had responded to to a request I put in, and it was just very unprofessional. It was it was well below the standard that I expect for somebody in our organization. I was telling it to my wife and I just said, you know, whatever. What's what's going to be is what's going to be. But when I woke up that morning, they I started I didn't hold me up at night, but when I woke up that morning, boy, I started thinking about it again. And guess what it was, church? It was a total waste of my time. Total waste of my time. And I'm sitting there and I'm saying, John, there's no reason to think about this. But you can't stop thinking about it. The only way you can stop thinking about it is to start thinking about something else. And that's really how we combat these things is to get out of our own headsp space. We got to get into God's space and start reading the word and start singing some music or or start fellowshipping with somebody to get our head out of that thing that Satan will try and drag us into because he'll get us to dwell on the worst things. Amen. But Paul here is just showing us one side of this divided kingdom. He's showing us the hard part, the frustrating part, the annoying part, the disheartening part. It's there. It's there. And we've all been there and we know that it's there. Amen. But he doesn't leave us there. Amen. We'll go into Romans 8 in the next service, Lord willing. But yet in this fallen sticky carnal flesh of desires and inclinations, Paul would say this in Hebrews 10. He says, "Whereof the Holy Ghost is also small is a witness to us. For after that he had said before, brother Barry had read this. This is the covenant that I will make with them after these days, sayeth the Lord. I will put my laws into their hearts and in their minds will I write them." See, the promise is an inward work first and foremost. Then it translates into an outward work, right? The fir the new creation is an inside work, but it can't stay there because it's a creation. It's got to grow. It's got to express itself. He says, "In their sins and iniquities will I remember no more." He says, "Now where remission of these is, there's no more offering for sin. Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus by a new and living way." See, under the law, it was not a new new and living way. It was a law of sin and death. We preached on this not too long ago. He says, "But now there's a new and living way which heath consecrated up for us through the veil that is to say his flesh." Remember what happened when he died was he tore the veil in the temple. And it was saying you can't get to God that way. But then what did God do? God tore another veil open. And it was the body of Christ. He says if you come this way, you can come into a new and living way that that old way could never do. That veil into the holy of holies can never change you. He says this veil of Christ, it'll change everything about you. So the inward work has to produce a new and living way. And it's based on changing who's on the throne of your life. That's what it is. It's changing who's in the control tower. Before was the law of sin and death. Now it's the law of the spirit of life. Paul says in Romans 8:2, Amen. Now it's the King of Kings dwelling on the throne, not just this flesh. Not just Satan sitting inside of this flesh. Now it's a way and it's a road and it's a highway and it's through the veil of Christ and now he's sitting there. And so now it's not about me saying or me thinking or me doing, but now it's about him saying and him thinking and him doing and him healing and him delivering and him leading and him guiding and him providing. And what is it? I'm along for the ride. I'm riding along on a ministry of grace, of mercy, of love. Now, there's work for me to do, but my rest is that it's him that's doing it, not in me that's doing it. And so, I know then that there's going to be victory over this flesh. There's going to be victory over these things that hurt that that that just kind of beat us up on a day-to-day basis. Brother, I would say this two quotes. And then the final one, he says, "Not the old way. What? Not the law way, not the works way." He says, "By a new and living way." That was the dead way, an order of law. But now we enter by grace through the Holy Spirit. nothing you could do. That's the most wonderful thing I could ever hear as a duty-driven German telling me you can't get there. That's a good thing because otherwise I'd be trying my hardest to get in. He says the law was works. Touch not, handle not, taste not, eat no meat, keep Sabbaths, new moons, all forms of worship what man did. But in this new and living way, it's nothing we could do. It's what he does for us by grace. We just accept it. Christ takes away the sin. We believe it. We hear the gospel. We believe it. Accept it. And then if we truly accept it from the depths of our heart, God gives us the Holy Ghost as a witness. I'll take that. I'll take that. He says, "Then the Holy Spirit witnesses to you that your sins are gone and you are dead to the world. You rise in newness of life, to walk a new life, to live a new life, to live in the power and the presence of God, not to be carried about with everything no more, but to walk after the spirit as sons and daughters of God. Romans 8:1 said, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit." Oh, I love that Paul tells us all of this stuff we're dealing with in his flesh. And again, this is where we'll go to the next service. He says, "But that's not what we're dwelling on. That's not what has our focus. We're focused on there's now no condemnation for those who walk not after the flesh, but they walk after the spirit." What's he saying, church? Get your eyes off the flesh. Get your eyes on the spirit. Get your eyes on what's changed on the inside and then say, "Lord, help what's on the inside to manifest itself through the outside." Cuz guess what? It's going to take a while. It's going to take a while. This flesh is very resilient. But there's a victory coming. There's a victory coming. But don't let the fact that there's victory coming keep you from the reality that it's a battle every single day. Amen. It's a battle every day. If you're battling tonight, praise the Lord. Cuz guess what? 99.99999999999999% of this world ain't fighting. It's only the bride that's fighting and getting victory. Why? Cuz he's determined there's going to be an overcomer in this age. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together if we would. Hey, we can be tough on ourselves. And I'll tell you this, Satan is really good at magnifying our mistakes, isn't he? Sometimes we can sit here and we can say, "Brother, it just seems like I'm making too many mistakes for a Holy Ghost fil believer to make." And that's what that's the accuser of the brethren trying to point you to the flesh side of this this divided kingdom. Brother Bram said, "We fail every day. We backslide every day." And it may not be the things you read or the things you look at or the things you say. Like I said, it can be your attitude. It can be these thoughts. whatever it is. But let me put it this way. Start looking at yourself through the predestination of God. Cuz here's the thing. When God chooses, God chooses perfectly. When God decides, God decides perfectly. And before we ever came into existence, he chose us. And we know God is perfect and he makes no mistakes. So that means that when he chose you, he chose perfectly. You are exactly who and what he wanted despite our current condition. He's changing us. He's bringing us into something better. But don't let your current condition take you away from the fact that this was not what you were at the start. And all he's doing is it putting you into a process to bring you back to what you were before the foundation of the world. This is a temporary condition. Remember what Jesus said, "A kingdom that is divided against itself will fall." God set it up so that this kingdom is going to fall no matter what. Abraham said one line as we close because if God chooses you, then his choosing is perfect. He says, "Now we know that human beings can make mistakes, but God can make no mistake." Remember what he said earlier? He says, "The flesh says, I'm not strong enough. I'm insufficient. That's Satan talking to us because God can make no mistake. If he said you're going to overcome, no matter how small, no matter how insignificant, no matter how weak, no matter how strong this flesh is, you're going to overcome. Because God doesn't make mistakes. God doesn't let his word fall flat. God doesn't let his word come back and say, "You know what? They were just too weak for my word." No, he'll raise you to the standard of the word. I love what brother Barry said. God takes the word and he breathes life into it so that it produces itself in you and I. Amen. God can make no mistake. You're here because he doesn't make mistakes. We make mistakes. We fall. We slip. God doesn't. And as part of his choosing, we're guaranteed. We're guaranteed for that expected end. We're guaranteed to make it. We're guaranteed to overcome that flesh. Hey, we've all got these little Sometimes they're big things, aren't they? We got these big things. I remember especially as a young man, boy, I had some big things and I've talked about them over this pulpit. Big things I thought, how am I going to get past that? And you know what I can say today? I'm past it. You know the Martin sing that song, it didn't come to stay, it came to pass. That's what this flesh is. It's here to produce character. Here to show that God won't be held back by this nature and this flesh. Here to show that his word will always do what it says it will do if there's a people that'll take it and let it do its work inside of them. Amen. It's here to show that nothing can stop the power of God inside you by the spirit of God. More than conquerors this evening. Let's keep our heads up. Look at ourselves through the word. Look at ourselves through the promise. Look at ourselves through the choosing of God and say, "God, if you chose me, that's enough for me. That's enough for me. And I'm going to take that and I'm going to run with your choosing and trust that you're going to get me through." Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're in a battle. Lord, we're in a fight. But Lord, your word says it's not by might, not by power, it's by your spirit. And Lord, when you gave us the Holy Spirit, you gave us everything we have need of to make it out of this world. Lord, to defeat every element of this flesh, of this carnality, Lord, of this sinful nature that we are born with. Everything we have need of, Lord, you have supplied, Lord. And all you're asking us to do is by faith step out and believe, Lord, to act on it day by day. Lord, even I remember those apostles in Acts 4. Lord, they're put against the wall and they're threatened and they said, Lord, give us boldness to keep doing what you called us to do. Lord, I pray you give us boldness. You give us strength. You give us faith to lift up tired and weary heads and hands, Lord. that we take this sword of of the word in our hand, Lord, and just day by day keep fighting this battle, Lord. It's a work of time, but eternally it's already won. Pray you help us to keep our eyes on the goal, Lord, on the finish line that's already there, Lord, on a perfect, glorious body that's waiting for us. Lord, and help us to just say, "Lord, help me to walk with you today. Lord, help us win the battle day by day, Lord. Not look too far ahead, Lord, but just focus on where we're at, Lord, and say, "Let's let this giant come down today, and we'll face the others tomorrow, Lord. Bless your people. Encourage them, strengthen them, Lord. Give them faith. Give us faith, Lord, to take you at your word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Something keeps holding me. 751. The trials of this life were getting stronger. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't [Laughter] there. Cuz something keeps holding me. Every day I see. It's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly. giving me victory. It's a reality. Cuz something keeps holding me. Now Satan lay before me his temptation of his desire to steal away my faith. But I felt within my soul a revelation of God's desire to keep me in his grace. Cuz something keeps holding me. Every day I see helping me faithfully all overcome my trial. Amen. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Something keeps holding [Music] me. The trials of this life were getting stronger. The thought I found was more than I could bear. I was on the verge. I'm giving all over. Amen. The strength within myself just wasn't there. Something keeps holding me every day. I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality for something keeps holing me. [Music] to lay before me is temptation of his desire to steal away my [Music] faith. But I felt within my soul a re [Music] You keep [Music] me and something keeps holding me. Amen. Every day I see. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. To overcome my trials. And he's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. But something came to me. Amen. Number 20. All I want to do is love him. All I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. Amen. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll never be this way. Amen. All I want to do is love you. Love his holy name. And all I want to do is love. So glad I love me. Amen. Jesus paid the price of redemption. Yes. Amen. On the cross of Calary. Every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll never be the same. Amen. All I want to do is love him. Amen. Praise the Lord. 810. It's all that really counts and all that's really true. All that really matters, Lord, is you. Amen. Isn't that the truth? All that really matters is him. All that really comes, all that's really true, all that really matters, Lord, is you. Everything to gain, nothing to lose. All I ever really want is you. All that really counts, all that's really true, all that really matters, Lord, is you. Amen. Everything to gain, nothing to lose. All the really want you. Let's sing it again. All that really counts. Oh, all that really counts. All that's really true, all that really matters, Lord, is you. Everything to gain, nothing left to lose. All that never really is you. But he's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. A loving patient he was made. He's still working on me. And he's still working on me. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. To make me what I hope to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. I love patient here with me. Oh, he's still working on me. And I love this. I missed that. I love this family of God so closely knitted into one. They've taken me into their heart. I'm so glad to be a part of this great family. Oh, I love this family of God. So close into our heart. They've taken me into their heart. I'm so glad to be a part of this great family. Sing it again. And I love this family of God. Amen. into one. They're taking me into their heart. I'm so glad to be a part of this great family. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm should all be glad. Let's sing. Um I just want to praise the Lord. Should be the chorus for number 900. I just want to please the Lord. Be in his will in every way to be in his presence. Brilliant in his likeness. will someday. Amen. I just want to please the Lord. Amen. Be in his will in every way. to be lost in his presence, found in his likeness, to hear him say, "Well done." Praise the Lord. One more time. Let's sing it. Oh, I just want to please the Lord. He is his will in every way. Amen. Hallelujah. Bound in his likeness. Amen. Say well. Bless the Lord. As we go tonight, I ask brother David to close in prayer. Let's sing it 570. It's He came to me and I just thinking about the words of this song as it relates to what's being preached. And the the words are so true. You know, he came to me. I couldn't come to him. You see, he had to do it all. Right? So, there's nothing we could do, right? It's it's pure grace. This song speaks of pure grace. pure grace. So I want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. So we're singing a revelation tonight. Amen. Let's just worship him for a moment and they will close in prayer. Just remember to pray for all that here tonight know Chad wasn't here and home with the kids. So we just want to remember him, sister Leah, and of course, brother Barry and sister Darlene as well. God's grace to all of them and come back expecting on Sunday. Remember brother Joe also brother. So grace to each one. Let's sing that and brother D. He came to me. Amen. He came to me. Where I go, I found to where he was, he came to me. Amen. That's why he died on Calary. When I could not come to where he was, he came. Hallelujah. He came to me. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He came to me when I could have come to where he was. He came to me. Amen. That's why he died. Thank you, Lord. on Calary where I could not come. Amen. To where he was he came. Hallelujah. One more time. Let's sing it. He came to me. Thank you, Lord. He came to me when I could not come to where he was. He came to me. Amen. That's praise the Lord. may die on Calary. When I could not come to where he was, he came to me. Amen. Blessed Lord, we just once again, oh God, we want to thank you Lord for your word tonight. Every time we come here Lord, we learn something. It's all important. Mighty God, we fail you, Lord, many times. And no one wants to fail you, Lord. We always want to be successful Lord. But when we fail you, Lord, we just want your grace to remain with us, Lord, that there would a great mother eagle, Lord, flying over will come swiftly down, Lord, to help us, Lord, when we do fail you. And lift us up, oh God. Help us never to give up, Lord. This walk that we had with you, Lord. Let us never, Lord, to say we can't make it. You can do no better. That's right. Lord, time we can do no better. But mighty God, you've gone ahead of us, Lord. And the victory is already won. Even your bride says, Lord, that she has to get herself ready. But even your bride, Lord, needs help to get ready. We need your help, Lord, in whatever it is in life, Lord. In a walk with you, Lord, in this late hour, the enemy has come down over great wrath, Lord. Even you had to play with Ker Lord in his day. How much more Lord will you have to pray with Ker today. So bless you Lord. We just ask your grace Lord. Maybe Lord a little more of your Holy Spirit would help us Lord. Walk the walk someday Lord. We need that double portion. And we long Lord for the double portion Lord. But there's something we got to do too Lord. We have to be fervent Lord for you. We have to constantly Lord study your word Lord and prayer Lord and Lord the elect the first God has something to do Lord you call us the full the wise virgins the fully virgins Lord they're a bit slack but the wise virgins Lord are not slack they're fervent Lord all the time you progress Lord they get better because you don't give up Lord so help us Lord to keep the walk in front of us Lord the long road to no turn, Lord, but there's always a turn somewhere. Just pray you help us, Lord, along the path we're walking, Lord, where we fail, Lord, just get up and look to you, Lord, for strength, for encouragement, Lord, encourage yourself in your word, Lord, and constantly, mighty God, Lord, be willing, Lord, to sacrifice, Lord, for you, Lord, absur yourself into your hands. All these things help, Lord, in our walk with you, Lord, that you may have full control. That's the secret I believe Lord that you have full control of our lives and the battle gets easier Lord. So where we have fa you Lord and have give having given you control Lord help us to do it Lord and the enemy gets weaker. So bless each one if you leave here tonight Lord. Be with us sister Leah Lord with her mother Lord and Lord that she get well again Lord and bury too Lord who are sick Lord for the trip and Lord your grace from each one oh God help us Lord we go from here Lord tonight Lord Lord to pray one for another Lord and live for one for another Lord and just mighty God just give you Lord to payments in all things. Thank you for your word tonight, Lord. And bless us. He's going to give us a safe trip home, Lord, to our a place of abboard, Lord, Lord, in and give keep us in your spirit, Lord, we keep coming here again, Lord, if we fervently, Lord, search, Lord, your word, Lord, to live a better life, oh God, for you. And in turn, Lord, we know that you'll bless us. Maybe someday, Lord, with this double portion, we long to Lord, in hearts and soul. We commit this we commit all of you almighty God for your glory and thank you Lord for your grace to us in Jesus precious name Lord. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
