################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-07 - 20250907 - Rapturing Faith  - Bro Barry Coffey - Barry Coffey.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-07
Title:    20250907 - Rapturing Faith  - Bro Barry Coffey
Speaker:  Barry Coffey
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6v7I_p07n0
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1g7xGdwkumcAAlEms_Hmoos4yQMrp4une/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Stand. Holy Spirit, [Music] rain down. Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain down. Oh, and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain [Music] down. Oh, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down my granted. Lord &gt;&gt; hear it rain down. Oh rain down. Oh and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit [Music] rain down one more time. My grand lord. Holy Spirit rain down. Oh rain down. Oh, and friend, how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down or rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. &gt;&gt; Amen. Grant it Lord. Want to welcome everyone here this morning. Our visitors, Brother Barry, Sister Becky. Good to have them with us. Uh, Brother Manuel, good to see you, brother. All the other ones here, just glad to be together again. Uh, missing the service Wednesday. We certainly feel that, but it's good to be back together. Some prayer requests. We want to keep Brother Dale in prayer. Uh, it was a tough report. We heard the last one, and brother Bob had shared an email, I think after that, uh, saying, um, you know, it's spreading and and different things and, uh, so just God's grace to him during this time. Uh, Sister Lorie Snow, uh, I don't know if I didn't share this, maybe you heard about it, but she broke her leg, uh, in her physio. Um, so she's definitely pushing it hard by the sounds of it. God bless her. So, uh, the family asked for prayer and that she just, uh, you know, again, continue to recover and just get back to full strength. For Sher Lynn Piery, want to keep her in prayer. Sister Sandy, uh, good to see you, too. uh with us. Uh the saints around the island, want to keep them in prayer. Brother David had mentioned some needs and we just want to continue to hold them up in prayer. Sister Cordella, Brother Nelson Jr. Guy. Also, uh Sister Becky, the Becky from India, uh she's not here this morning, not feeling well. So, God's grace to her. Let's sing that one. Uh I don't have the number, but all I want to see is Jesus. And uh brother Chad, I'll have you open a prayer here after we sing this. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord, I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayer set on my knees will lay before the holy consuming fire. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus, man. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought gain lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name. And healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the holy consuming fire. Grace, Lord, just all I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing to me. Lord, I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayer set on my knees will lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. Amen. And all I want to see is him and me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. hear him say and you hear him say well done my preious [Music] one. Amen. Granted Lord help us. &gt;&gt; Well done. Well done, my faithful one. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus, the man. And all I want to see, it's him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. Hear him say me and hear him say well done my preious one. [Music] Well done. Well done, my faithful one. Cuz all I want to see is Jesus, man. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Lord, heavenly father, I believe every child, Lord, would love to hear you say, "Well done." Sometimes, Lord, in our own minds, we we can never see that goal that far away, Lord. But that day will come. I pray, Lord, that you anoint this church today, Lord. We want to take the time to invite you to invite you to come, Lord. We want to welcome you here in this church, Lord. Every device of the enemy, Lord, we lay it at your feet so that you may move freely. Anoint our ear ears to hear, Lord. Father, we don't just want to come to church, Lord. We want to be the church. And we pray that we create an atmosphere that you may freely move, Lord. Father, we pray for brother Barry this morning, Lord, as he brings the word. We pray the message that's on his heart, Lord, is for each one of us. We put our pastor before you, Lord. All the devices of the enemy and anything that may hinder him or his family, Lord. We pray the blood of Jesus Christ over them, Lord, and your angels to protect them. Lord, come on the scene today, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Sing number 208. When the redeemed gather, [Music] I am thinking sure in our blessed home on high when the redeems are gathering in. I will raise a heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in. Washed like snow and freed from all sin. How we will shout and how we will sing. When the redeems of the Lord are gathering in, there will be a great procession over on the streets of gold. Whether redee are gathering in oh a musical what singing or the city will be roll where the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in man. Oh, and the regime are gather in wash like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout, how we will sing when the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in. Saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed [Applause] are gathering in [Applause] the angels all we listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in. When the redeemed gather in wash like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout. How we will sing when the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in. And the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the redeemed are gathering in. And well, here is the invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. Where the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in. Amen. Where the regime are gathering in wash like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout and how we will sing. Changing the redeemed of the Lord are gathering in. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are saved. [Music] The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are sing. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Most high again. The name of the Lord is man. A strong tower. The righteous run in too and they are save. The name of the Lord is a strong tower righteous run into and they are saint. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. most high. One more time. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are save. The name of the Lord is Thank you Lord. A strong tower the righteous run into and they are sing. [Applause] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. [Applause] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. Let's sing that one. Um, as the deer 581, as the deer panteth for the water, so my soul long if thou to thee. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. to you alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. [Music] are my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than any other. So much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship me. [Music] I want you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. [Laughter] You alone not the real joy giver and the actual of my night. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Thank you Lord for you're my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit. &gt;&gt; You alone not my heart desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver only you can sisfy. [Music] You alone not a real joy giver and the act oh my. You alone are my strength my shield. You you alone does my spirit. You alone are my hearts desire and I long to worship thee. &gt;&gt; Let's sing uh let's stand and we'll sing 1038. He looked beyond my fault. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that brought my labor. I do not know [Music] just why he came to love me. soul when he looked beyond my faults and saw my needs. Thank you, Lord. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary [Music] till you the cross where Jesus died for me. Come on the last grace that calls my falling souly. Thank you Lord. Look beyond my faults and sit your name. Thank you Lord. Prettying blood, my savior shed for me that day. To restore me back to where I used to be. Thank you, Lord. He became my savior &gt;&gt; so I could become his righteousness when he looked me on. Glory to your name. Thank you Jesus. Glory and saw my need. I shall forever lift my eyes to Cal. Thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; Glory where Jesus died for me. How the last the grace that caught my falling soul. When he looked beyond [Music] my fall and saw my need. Amazing grace shall always be my song of grace. It was grace that brought my libert. I do not know just why he came to love me. soul. Then he looked beyond my faults and saw my need. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How the last the grace that calls my falling soul. When he looked beyond my fall and saw my need. [Music] redeeming blood. My savior shed for me that day to restore me back to where I used to be. I thank you, Lord. You became my sin. that I could become his rightuousness. And he looked beyond my faults and saw my need. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary till view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How my last the grace that caused my falling soul. When he looked beyond my falls and saw my need. Let's sing. He's in the house. I don't have the number. Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said, "She's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, "He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We were like that little girl dead in all our sins. Touch this heart of mine. It gave me life again. I'm just a house of clay. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Now there is life. Thank you, Lord. Glory. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Oh. Oh, there's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. came. He's in the house. Little girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus. He said, "She's only sleeping." As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, "He's in the house. Death has to flee. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. Is in the house. Death has to flee. God bless you. Brother used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Oh death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the household. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. In the house, death has to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise his name. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't want to slow anything down, but just want to greet each one that's here. We want to greet brother Emanuel here. Amen. God bless you, brother. Good to see you. Sister Karen and the family. Wonderful to see them here with us as well. And of course, Sister Becky Coffee back there. And then Brother Barry Coffee here with us this morning. They're here for a very short trip and he's graciously agreed to preach for us this morning. Amen. So, we just want to slide right into this this morning. We're going to sing that song, More of You, More of You. Amen. As brother Barry would come, take full liberty this morning. Amen. Pull on the word. Amen. Just enjoy the presence of the Lord and the word that comes forth. Amen. Oh, more of you. More of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. of things. I've had my fill, but yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. I need more of you. More of you. I need more of you. I am I [Music] understand empty and bare Lord hear my prayer more of you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Good to be in God's house. Good to see all of you again. Good to see Sister Sandy and each and every one of you. May the Lord richly bless you today. Didn't expect to be here, but always uh an honor to speak to God's people. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we are so thankful, Lord, for your many blessings. And we often say that and use that phrase, but Lord, we never ever want to take for granted how attended you are in our lives and how how close you can be to know our thoughts and to know our fears and to know our concerns. Not only that, Lord, but for us to have the right and the privilege to be able to come to you and cast our cares upon you because you care for us. We are blessed, Lord, to be in your presence today, in the presence of your people. We ask now that you would forgive us of anything, anything at all that might hinder the moving of the Holy Spirit. And Lord, just have your way among us today. Speak to us, fill our cups, heal those that need to be healed, and Lord, we'll commit our time here into your hands today in Jesus lovely name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Well, while you're standing, let's take your Bibles and let's go right to the word this morning in 1 Corinthians chapter 15. Thank you, musicians. And uh appreciate your contribution today. Let's look in 1 Corinthians chapter 15. This I think will not be new or innovative for any of you. This is uh some these are some basic principles that I just felt on my heart to cover uh today. And we'll title this rapturing faith. And uh let's just jump right in if that's all right. I don't need to make any introductions or anything. I think we're good. 1 Corinthians chapter 15 and let's look at verse 51. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump. For the trumpet shall sound, and the dead in Christ shall be and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. May the Lord at his blessing, you may be seated. It's always nice to come to New Foundland and uh be here with you all in the beautiful weather that you have here and it's the only reason that we come and uh be able to see the beauty of your country and and uh see everyone's smiling faces. We appreciate that. We have a very very unique event uh tonight with our family and it'll be the because it is our family. We only do this once every 50 years or so and that is to have a reunion. Uh so it'll be really interesting uh to to be able to do that uh this this uh on this trip and uh so I was we were really delighted to be able to come during this particular time and um be able to spend a little uh just a few days here with you and uh get some blueberries and then back on the back on the journey again. And you may not think that blueberries are very special, but u when you live in the US of A, blueberries are special. So let's let's take a look uh at this subject here today. And I I don't want to uh preamble very much at all. Uh and I'll explain my point here as we jump into this uh this morning. And uh just follow me here. The first I've got a little reading that I want to do and then we'll get graphic uh with some things and then ask some good questions here because we're coming down to the end of things. As brother Brandham says in this quotation right here, uh he says, remember these words, everything's at the end. We're the generation upon whom the ends of the world have come. We are that generation. And God said, "I'm going to a lot different people for different uh seasons, but this is the group that God said, we're going to place you at the end." And and you are the people that are going to cross the finish line and civilization's at its end. Democracy is at its end. Everything you we don't need to belabor the point. But he said, "We've got to come to this place. We're here. We're at the end." So here, as I mentioned to you before, prophets orient us. They tell us where we are in the timeline. They tell us where we are in terms of the whole scheme of things, the whole plan of God. Prophets are good at that because they know exactly where we are. Martin Luther said one time in the 1500s, we're at the end time. We must be. And he alluded to the fact that he thought he might even be Malachi 4. He might be the person to fulfill that. I've got a I've got that one of my books about Martin Luther. And you know, in in a in a he was close, but he was not he was not right. He was not a prophet. and he had an idea that his work was truly one of being a a a work of restoration because he felt like he was going to reform the Catholic Church and turn it around and everything would be great. It didn't work. And uh but yet he thought maybe we're at that season, but here comes a prophet in the end and says, "No, here's exactly where we are. This is this age began here, ended there. This is the messenger. And this is the next age. This is where it began. This is where it ended. This is the messenger." You can only have that true perspective from the top of a pyramid. Right? When you're on any side of the pyramid, you can't see the other sides. I've been there. I've seen the pyramids. But but when you're at the top, you can see all the sides. So, you can see when all the ages began, who was the lead person in that age and when it ended and when the next transition came. So, all of that uh are are are things that brother Brandham alerted us to. Then he asks the question, this is his this is his thinking out loud. This is serves as this a time really important sermon because he's coming into he's on the doorstep of the third pull, right? He's coming into this season now where he knows there's got to be more, but he's unclear as to exactly how that's going to unfold. He doesn't really know what shape that's going to take uh what shape that's going to take as he goes forward. And and he's he's asking these questions out loud. It's great. He says, "Where are we at? The other angels was messengers like Martin Luther and Wesley, men of the earth, the angel of the church of Le ofia, messengers, prophets to the church. But this one, and he's referring to Revelation 10:1. This one didn't come from the earth." So this is one that came down, one that came through. And it came from heaven because the mystery is all finished. And he said, "What if? What if this is something to let us know how to enter into rapturing faith? What if this is that? What if we really are there and it's so close that I'll see it and in this is this a generation and sers is is this a time? Is this where we actually are? And so this these are the questions that he's asking here and they're all very good questions. And he's asking them because he realizes we are truly in the harvest time. He's recognizing no other age did they say this or allude to this, but he realizes we're at the end time. And this is the time uh to reap. This is not a sewing time. This is a reaping time, right? This is a time when we're going to gather in. This is John 13 fulfilled. And Jesus, you know, they come to uh in the parable, they came to the master and they said, "Hey, there's weeds in the field. There's good so seed sown, but there's weeds in the field." He said, "Let them let them both grow. Let them alone. Let them both grow until the harvest." And in the harvest, it'll all be manifest what these seeds really are of, what kind of seeds they are. That's when you tell what seeds have been sewn is at the harvest. Right? In the growing cycle, it can the plants can impersonate one another, but at the harvest, we all know what everything is. Look, folks, we're going to we're going to see the real you before this is over, &gt;&gt; right? The real you is going to show show him herself or herself before this is over. And you're not going to be able to impersonate that because that's what that's what the principle of the harvest is, &gt;&gt; right? And and so therefore, Jesus said, "Let let them both grow together." And he said, "At the harvest time, we'll gather in and we'll gather out. There'll be an in gathering and an out gathering." and and that's that will that will come during this time of separation. Now, give me a minute here as I'd like to talk a little bit about this harvest season if that's all right. James tells us he said, "Be patient, therefore, uh, brethren, until the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waitth for the precious fruit of the earth and has long patience for it until he receiveth the early and the latter reign." How many of you would agree that we're living in that hour? &gt;&gt; Right? This is the season that James is talking about here, the coming of the Lord, the second coming of Christ. And so, be also patient and establish your hearts. This is what you need to do. You need to be patient and establish your hearts for the coming of the Lord drawth nigh. This is the time in this harvest season when there when there's a an actual in gathering uh taking place that the Lord will appear. He'll come and he'll take his bride away. Right? Are we okay with that? Everybody all right? I try to keep false doctrine down to a minimum when I travel. So you don't need to be too much on guard. All right. But now let's just let's just flesh this out a little bit here. Brother man tells us we know that this book of redemption will be I got to read just a little bit here. We get till we get going. We we know this book of redemption will be probed at through six ages. But at the end the seventh angel begins to sound. He winds up all the loose ends that they probed at. And the mysteries come down from God as the word of God. That's quite a statement. The mysteries come down from God as the word of God and reveals the entire revelation of God. That's pretty amazing. I mean, and I've said this many times before, either he's really right or he's really wrong. The revelation of the word in the last day comes to us as the word of God and reveals the entirety of God. I mean it reveals the the revelation of God, all the things that were probed at. So there were suppositions made. There were there were uh there were theories that were put forth all through the ages. And I'm not saying that in a bad way or a critical way. There were very intelligent and spiritual men who came before us who really wanted to know what the truth was and put out their theories and their ideas. And they did it in part because they only knew in part. They were doing their very best to come to the conclusions we've been given. &gt;&gt; I said they were they were very sincere in coming up with conclusions that we've been giving. We've been given truth. We've been given an understanding. We've been given loose ends put together where they belong. We've been given all of that because we live in this end time. And that was what was prophesied to happen. And then all the mysteries, godhead, serpent seed, you know, uh, predestination, the rapture, all of these things are all, uh, to be revealed, or all to be made known to who? &gt;&gt; God chose you. &gt;&gt; Be living at the end time when all of that would happen. Right now, let's let's keep at this for a minute here. And I I I I I dealt with this harvest principle. So, just let me uh let me share a little bit. Now, in the in the in the growing uh process and and in the natural types that brother Brandham took and he likened the bride to a wheat plant that grew uh from seed all the way to seed, right? You're familiar with that process. And and he said, now the stalk, he said, it doesn't look anything like the seed, neither the tassel or the leaves, they don't look like the seed that actually went in the ground. uh it it's it's it's quite to look at it in the appearance it's quite different. So, you have a little seed, you know, that looks like this and you put it in the ground and and it already knows what to do, right? That seed, you don't need you don't need to coach a seed. You don't need to give a ste seed a 12step program. Uh you don't need to indoctrinate a seed. You just put that seed in the right environment. Let it sit in the light. Let it get moisture, keep the weeds out, fertilize it in the right way, and it knows what to do. It knows what to become. it already is designed or predestinated to become something and uh it it's not going to turn out anything different because it's it's ordained to be a certain thing. And brother Brandham says in that growing process the parts of that plant that carry that life through to the end don't look like the seed. The first thing comes forth you'd almost think it was a seed but it's the hus. So at the end the first thing that comes forth he said you'd almost think it was a seed but he said in the end those uh he says uh the first thing comes forth you'd almost think it was a seed but it's the husk a little outside thing to hold the seed. You'd think it was the seed because it kind of looks like it but he said it's really not. It's the thing that holds the seed. It's a carrier of the life of corn of wheat. Now, let me say it's necessary because any part of that plant is necessary to get the life to where it needs to be, right? You have to have leaves, you have to have stalk, you have to have tassel, you have to have the husk, you have to have all those parts. But those parts are not the seed. They are the carriers of the life to get to that seed. So after Wesley put forth the husk which is most like the grain and you know then Luther and so or sorry Wesley and the Pentecostals and so forth and and that's what that's what follows. Now let let's let's look at the picture because this is uh I think pictures always make it a little clearer. It's coming same quote here. Now brother Bam said it's coming more like the grain all the time. It's it's coming to look like what went in the ground, the one that went in the ground. And when it comes forth, the stalk, it's got life in it, but it sure isn't the grain. So that's why it's not harvested at that point. Because even though it has life in it, it's not what the husbandman is after. It's not what the planter is after. He's not after stalk and he's not after husk and he's not after leaves. He's not after any of that. He's looking for the real true grain that he planted in the first place, right? That's what the husbandman's looking for. And he said it's just in the shape of the wheat, exactly like the grain of wheat, but yet it is in the wheat. And he's talking about this husk. And the Pentecostals come out just like the wheat would. So when you look at the drawing on the left there, these are grains on the bottom part. These are grains uh that are uh on the on the vine there and on the plant. And they look like wheat seed. They look like what went in the ground, but they're not. That's a that's a covering. That's a a husk is the way brother Brandon referred to it. And uh it it it is it is a container of the life. It's a carrier of the life, but it's not the wheat. It's it's not what not what the the husbandman's looking for. I remember years ago, Brother Lonnie Jenkins used to tell a story about how he was visiting u a pastor out west, and I know who the pastor was, and he had a grain field, a wheat field out in the west, in the big ones out there. And he said that uh when it came time for the harvest, they were in the season of the harvest, but he'd send his son out every morning, and he would come back with a handful of sheav of grain. And the farmer would take take him every every morning and he'd take his thumbnail like that and he'd press into the the husk and see if he could make a mark. And and if he could dent it, there was still moisture in there. And he would say, "Not quite ready." And then one morning, Brother Lonnie said he put his fingernail on that on a new one and he could not make a dent. It was completely dried out and it was it was hard. And he said, "Son, go fire up the combine. harvest. He said it's time time to gather it in because all the moisture was gone and it had matured and it had come to the place where uh it needed to be. So let's let's look at it a little closer. Now there's a point to this. So watch me here. So this is a drawing of the of a grain of wheat. All right? And and this is not proportional, but this is all the parts of the uh of the grain of wheat. As a matter of fact, I'll give you another uh give you another. No, sorry. That's a backwards drawing. Let's do another. Here's another. That's a little bit of a blow up there. So, now with with science and graphic artistry, we can uh blow up all of these pieces and so forth. So, these are all the the endosperm and the bran and all the rest of it, the hairs and the bracks and all the different parts of the wheat. And it's all used for different purposes. it's all uh mil and turned into different things and and that's that's the breakdown of a grain of wheat. So scientifically when you look at it uh that's that's the composition. Now according to the Bible, the the husbandman is looking for one thing and one thing only. And all those parts are necessary. All those parts are good, but he's only looking for one thing. And that one thing is that germ. Now, Brother Bam said each one comes out from the other, but they're only a carrier. And they go to denomination. In other words, they fade out. And that's what Pentecost did. So you know he's running the type and just like the grain it went back to one of those sister denominations. So all all of the parts of it they're all used in a different way but you know what you know what the husband men's after and I don't I don't know uh whether I can do it here but on the very bottom of the drawing here it says the germ. Now it's not in proportion here. It's not a proportional drawing because it would be too small. The fine print there says it makes up 3% of the kernel. So inside of that grain of wheat that that oblong thing is a grain of wheat. Inside of that is a little spot and it's called the germ and it only makes up 3% of the size of the whole grain of wheat. Now the grain of wheat's just a little small thing and a 3% speck inside of that is that germ of life. And I can tell you that's what the husbandman is looking for. Run your types. Now's the time to run your types because that's exactly what what Christ is looking for. That's what's got to be there. And it may not look most of you is what your parents produced, right? Some of us have an overabundance of what our parents produced. But inside of you, there's something there that when God looks at you, you know what he looks at? That's what he sees. &gt;&gt; And it doesn't matter whether it's 1% or 50% or 75%. He's looking for that life that's on the inside that comes from the original seed that was planted. And if you've got a part of that, you know what you've got? You got a part of God that lives inside of you. &gt;&gt; You have the life of almighty God living inside of you. And that, my friend, is eternal. And that's what he's looking for. As it doesn't matter whether you have a big percentage or a small percentage. If you have that life in you, that is actually the life of God. You ought to say, "Thank you, Jesus." That's something you can't impersonate. That's something that you can't buy. That's something that you can't learn. That's something that you can't get by being in church for a long time. You're born with it. It is eternal life. And if you have it, glory to God, you can't lose it. &gt;&gt; Because if you are, if you have eternal life, it never did begin on a certain day. It didn't begin at an altar. It didn't begin at a camp meeting. If you have eternal life, you always did have eternal life. And you always will have eternal life. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; It's the most permanent thing there is &gt;&gt; is the eternal. It's a beautiful thing. It is God's own life manifested on the inside. It is a wonderful, wonderful thing. I remember one time I was in Dubai and uh I was holding services over there and in Dubai things are very strict and very controlled and uh I was holding a meeting. They have a actually a walled compound which is about as big as your property here and they uh they have rooms in there that are like maybe a uh you know a section of your church here. small rooms and have a little pulpit and uh maybe some instruments and they allowed Christian groups to hold church service in there and you couldn't hold them out on the street. You couldn't hold them in a building out in public. it had to be in there and uh so the believers over there they invited me to come and speak and I spoke there many times and uh we would be in the in the room and they'd invite all the believers or people curious about the message and they would come to this uh meeting say on a Friday night and uh we would uh I'd minister to them and preach the message you know and do this and and uh they they'd all be uh listening and and a lot of people from different nations were there uh because Dubai's full of that and the people working, you know, from different countries and and afterwards we had a little fellowship one time and this fell came up to me his name was actually his true name was little John and uh he he at the end of it he came to me and he said man he said this is unique what you're teaching is really unique and I happened to be doing a little a little sermon on the serpent seed and how the fall came in the beginning oh he said this is really unique I've never heard anything like that he said you know have you ever thought about going bigger And I said, "What do you got in mind?" He said, 'Well, he said, "We could we could rent a bigger hall. We could get a bigger compound." And he said, "We could advertise this. We could have musicians coming in. We could be selling books in the back. We could have book sellers. And we could we could sign up lots of people that would be a following of this teaching." And he said, "Uh, you know, you could be the overseer and we could have local pastors." And he said, "I I I can see this kind of going big." Well, you know, I asked him, I said, "What do you do for a living?" As if I didn't know by this point. He said, "I'm a promoter." Who knew? He He said, "I'm I'm a promoter of events, you know. I host events in different places, you know." He said, "And we could really go big with this." He said, "We could put your name on the on the banner and so forth." And I said I said, "No thanks." He said, "What do you mean?" I said, "Well, you can't join this." He said, "Really?" I said, "No, what I'm a what I'm a part of here as a part of the body of Christ." I said, "You can't join. You have to be born into it." &gt;&gt; Oh. He said, "That doesn't matter. We can we can sign people up and we can have bands and we can have movies and we can have all kinds of entertainments." I said, "Now, little John, relax." I said, "You got to be born into this." And he could never get it. He could never catch it. And I said, 'I'm not here to try to recruit people and re teach people and reform people into this. I'm here trying to find that last seat. That's what I'm after is trying to find the last seat. He scratched his head. He went off. Never could figure it out. Never came back cuz he he felt like I had squandered a great opportunity. And you know what? In in the in the eyes of the world, uh you know, that's the way they view it and that's the way they interpret it. But for us, hey, listen, you can't give somebody eternal life. You can't start somebody off on the pathway of eternal life because if you're eternal, you always were and always will be. &gt;&gt; Again, brother Lonnie Jenkins used to say, God did not decide to have a family. God decided to become a family. &gt;&gt; And we actually have, if you can handle this, we actually are a part of the Almighty. We're a part of God. Can you believe that? Can you go that far and say you're actually a part of God? And it's that 3% in there. Let me tell you, it's that 3% that keeps you looking heavenward. It's that 3% that holds you. It's that 3% that that that you know when you hear the message of the hour preach and something down deep says amen. That's right. And even though even when we came in the message and we didn't know a lick about the Bible, we didn't know Old Testament from New and we didn't know anything about anything. We that's why God sent brother Gerald cuz he knew a whole lot more about everything than we did. And we didn't know anything about anything. But there was something on the inside that said amen. Every time we heard the word, we said amen. And we kept coming and kept coming and kept coming and didn't know how to live. Didn't know how to worship. Didn't know how to sing. Didn't know anything. But we kept coming and kept coming and kept coming because there was a 3% peace in there that all of a sudden came alive. And whenever we heard the word, we were like those disciples that Jesus said when all the people left him and and he turned to the disciples and said, "Are you going to go too?" And they looked at him and said, "Listen, we have nowhere to go. We just know this that whenever you teach and whenever you speak, something inside of us just comes alive." And that's the way we were in the message of the when we came to the message of the hour. We didn't have a clue what it actually meant. We didn't have a clue where we were where it was going to take us. But when when we heard it and we heard brother Bam's voice and we read the Bible for the first time, something inside of us just welled up and we said amen to it. And we're still saying amen to it because we have that 3%. The rest of it is a house. The rest of it is a is a carrier. That's what it is. We thank God for it because it got us to where we are. But the 3% is what the the husbandman is looking for. &gt;&gt; Now you have to separate. You have to separate all of that and that's what the harvest is about. And brother Bam says uh watchmen uh what of the night? Let me just go back here just to see if I if you know. Okay. He says brother Bram says now America's harvest winnowing time is here. Separating the chaff. That's the time we're living in. This is the time. And then how can you hold your peace? He says this is the winnowing time. Yes. when you when you uh beat the husk off the wheat, this is a time uh when it's coming. Now, in the natural, sorry, it's complicated. In the natural, winnowing, the wheat looks like this. It it's a separation. The weed is dried out. The the whole the plant is dried out. and they would take the a fork, they would sometimes would take a tray and they would just scoop up uh you know a pile of of the grain and throw it in the air and the wheat would blow away the chaff, the outside husk, the skin and then the the heavier solid kernels that fall to the ground. So whatever way you do this, it's still the same thing. You're separating. So in other words, brother Bam's tell us in America, we have arrived at the place where the winnowing time has come and and this is where it's being separated now. And that's what you find is is going on now is we're in a separating time. And brother Brandham, he he says it this way in 1960 he said the book of Revelation is a book of prophecy and therefore it has to be understood by a prophetic class. The book is not meant for everybody. Now the Bible's available to everybody. But the revelation of the book is not available to everybody. He said there's nobody can understand it. Hardly this book is made for a certain class of people. The hidden things belong to the Lord and he reveals to us his children the hidden things. So God hid things not from us but for us. God hid things through the ages for us in the last day. And he describes us as a prophetic class of people of people who would respond to the unveiling of the mysteries to the presence of God to the concept of the reality of the end time that we're living in. All right. Oh, you you knew all of that. I told you already. It's kind of message 101. But when I did this in my church, I asked myself three questions. I I was just thinking about this. What does this mean to me? Like personally now, do I really believe this? And how can I get ready if this truly is the harvest and we're going to get out of here? Because there's an in gathering and an out gathering. There's only two. And then I then I started to think, how can I help my church get ready for this? Those are good questions, Brother Barry. Yes, they are. Cuz you're not saying anything. I thought, huh, is there anything I can do to prepare? Is there anything I can do to help my church prepare? What is it that I What is it that I need to be doing at this particular point if we are truly at the end at the harvest time? By faith, Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God had translated him. For before his translation, aha, here's a little key. Before his translation, before God took him, he had this testimony. So, he didn't wait till he got over there to become a believer or act like one. He acted like one over here and then God took him. So before the translation, he had a testimony that what he did pleased God. What he did was in harmony with God's word or God's instruction. So in other words, Enoch knew stuff that he had to obey. Obedience. Obedience was very much a part of this. and obedience was very much in harmony with Enoch's walk and his communion with God. He had he had this testimony and he seemed to maintain that testimony until the time God saw fit to take him out. And one of these days, Brother Ram said, they'll get into tribulation and they'll say, "I thought the bride was was going to was going and the church is going into tribulation." Now, think about this for a minute. The people who wind up in tribulation will slide into it without a realization that they're actually there until it's too late. Because all of a sudden they wake up in tribulation, say the things that are going on. You know what? This is what the Bible calls tribulation. Of course, now when you get there, it's too late to do anything about it. So you want to be like Enoch who has a testimony before the time. Are you following me? As then God took him and the rest were left in the times of Noah and the times of destruction. And he said the church is going right into that but not the bride. Now brother Brown teaches us about the the squeeze. He doesn't give us a lot of detail. Matter of fact, he gives us very little. But a squeeze is, I think, obvious that, you know, it's a it's a slow, gradual pressure that creates more tension. And I'm not I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. But it it's think of a toothpaste tube that the way to get at what's inside is you got to squeeze it. And so God's trying to get something out in a season where everybody in the world, and I will tell you now, I mean, everywhere I go and in our own land, our fair land of America, you know, it's it's becoming harder and and we feel squeezes in different ways, right? Financially and and socially and religiously and everything else. There's pressures now that didn't exist. We built our own fellowship hall in in our at our church because one of the one of the things we found is that increasingly uh other churches would not rent us a their fellowship hall for an event because we didn't believe like they believed. They'd say, "Well, you're a trinitarian, aren't you? You're those people over there. You're trinitarian." And they wouldn't rent us their building. So we wound up biting the bullet and and building our own fellowship hall because uh things are becoming a little more tight all the time. Now brother Brandham says this is going to go to the place where people will wind up in tribulation say hey wasn't there supposed to be a message that came wasn't there supposed to be a prophet that came and he says the church is going into that but not the bride. Amen. Why? He said is this supposed to be first? And then the the words, "She's already gone and you didn't know it." They'll be having church just the same. They'll be carrying on just the same. That's a pretty subtle thing that people will actually be there and all of a sudden read their Bible and come to the conclusion that this is that and have no way out of it. It's kind of a sobering thought. So Peter asks the same kind of question. Seeing then that all these things will be dissolved, what manner of persons ought you to be if this is actually true? And and in second Peter, and by the way, second Peter is all about the end time. The entire book of second Peter is prophetic and it's all about the end time. And Peter is saying that there will come a time when the elements will be dissolved. The things of this world will be dissolved. Everything's going to change. We're going to come to a place where uh you know we we go through many seasons and they didn't know in the early church how many seasons that would be how many years. But now all of a sudden we come to a place where everything gets loosed and that word dissolved is a really great and interesting word like many Bible words it means to unbind or set free. It means that somebody for instance swaththed in bandages like Lazarus was had to be unbound bound with a chain or discharged like Peter getting out of the prison in the book of Acts. You remember the story, right? He's bound in prison, but now all of a sudden those chains were dissolved and he walks free outside the prison. And that's what that word means. And it it doesn't just mean that somehow or another the moon is going to melt and the planets are going to dissolve and so forth. There will be changes in the heaven. But you know also the things that bind people will also be no more no more able to hold people back but they will be able to come free from their bondage like Lazarus came forth from the grave. Whatever held Lazarus, not only the bandages, but death itself held Lazarus. Nothing was strong enough to hold Lazarus back at the voice of God. Are you following me? So Peter is saying that all these things shall be dissolved because God is interested, listen, God is interested in setting every one of you free to become what you need to become. &gt;&gt; I like to say it this way that God has set us free so that we can come back to original design. Your original design was like God made Adam in the Garden of Eden in the beginning without sin, without fear, without divorce, without trouble. Right? Original design was that man was in control of his environment and he lived and communed with God. That was his chief occupation was to commune with God. And the original design of Adam is what we've been released to become. We're going to have to leave this earth because this earth is cursed. We're going to have to be in a better place and so forth. But God has set us free to recognize that we are the sons and daughters of God and one day we will cross over into eternity and live with him forever because that was God's original design in the first place. Are we okay? All right. So this this idea Peter is asking the question though if this is the time when God is setting the bride free from denominations and from false doctrine and from all the other things in life then what kind of people should we be? And there that comes back to my question again. What kind of people really should we be? Now, there are different characteristics, but I I love this statement and and I want you to just it's got an asterisk next to it, and that really means something to my church. When they see the asterisk, they go like, "Oh, everybody wake up." They look around the pews and make sure everyone's awake. Watch what he watch says here. It's all connected together. God deals with the Jews as individuals. Not sorry, not as individuals, but as a nation. And Israel's ready to receive the spirit when Elijah and Moses will appear to them after the rapture of the church. Israel's ready to receive the spirit when Elijah and Moses will appear to them after you go. So everything depends on us going. All the next events depend on us going. The next real big thing is for us to leave &gt;&gt; because then Joseph can reveal himself to his brother. Right? So it all Hey, look. If we don't have if we don't have rapturing faith, we've missed the main thing. Rapturing faith is the faith that gets us from here to where we need to be. If we don't have that, what's the good of anything? Because you're still going to be here during the tribulation, right? Wouldn't you agree? Rapturing faith is the thing that's going to take you out of here. So think about this now. Israel is ready to receive the spirit when Elijah and Moses will appear to them after the rapture of the church, the fig tree putting forth its buds and so forth. So they're coming to the homeland, but Israel will be received as a as a nation. We're all where we're where as individuals, Abraham's seed, that was the Holy Spirit. And the angel of the Lord is on earth. Now God deals with the Jews. I'm clicking the wrong one. God deals he he's he's on earth now moving around fixing everything for the coming of the Lord. And it's the same angels that's heard the sin when they went down to Sodom and we've come down to see whether these things are so. And one stayed with Abraham the elect. Sodom was down there and Lot was in Sodom. Two angels went down there preached to them and brought that little uh bitty group out sleeping virgin. But the one angel stayed with Abraham. Now, now just think about what he just said. He said the same angels that visited Sodom and moved everything around in position before the fire fell, those same angels are on the scene here. Huh? I believe with all my heart. I believe with all my heart there came a time when and you can go out in the lobby and look at that ad that was put in the paper there and God said because these angels are on the scene and came and said we're going to take Mark out of the Catholic church and we're going to put him in the light of the message of the hour. We're going to put him here. Took him out of the church. Right. Never went back because an angel took him out of there and put put him in the right place. And then that same angel uh took me, put me out, put me in the same place, and then took brother Bob, and then took sister Brenda, put us in the in the in the right place. We were in a completely different place. But but now something happened that brought us from where we were to where we are now. Whoa. And then Sister Coffee, Sister Coffee, the skeptic, she's standing there and she says, she said to me that morning, "Maybe I need a sign." When Bob and Brenda were getting baptized, she said to me in the kitchen, she said, "Maybe I need a sign." And I looked at her and pointed my crooked finger at her crooked finger. And I said to her, "Maybe Bob was your sign." Because of all the most unlikely people to ever be converted and become a Christian. Sorry for you grandchildren here. Sorry about that. But I said, "Maybe Bob was your sign." I just turned and went off like that. And she just hard to beat that one. And you know here we were there we were there remember and we were baptizing Bob and Brenda we were standing there by the side of the swimming pool and and uh singing Amazing Grace because that's the only song we knew because Willie Nielson sang it as the only Christian song we knew singing Amazing Grace. And I opened one eye and looked around and here was Nan climbing down the ladder to get in the pool. You know, no one told her. She just and I mean 50 years in the Catholic Church just washed down the drain and here she is standing in the pool. You know what that was? That was not mom. That was the angel of the same one that went to Sodom and said, "I want you right here and I want you right here and the old lady back here. I want you and take her back up here." And now all of a sudden the angel says, "We got a church now." &gt;&gt; And you think it's you, Sister Sandy. You think it's you. you know, all of a sudden here's this here's this guy working on the oil rigs and here's this here's this family shows up in town and and uh you know just people we never knew and all of a sudden the angel says I I want you right here and I want you right here and Nathan and Elena and Jess all of you know all of a sudden they're moving around you didn't decide that &gt;&gt; you didn't make up your mind all of a sudden one day I'm going to go find me a message church. You didn't do that. There's an angel on the scene and we're not really supposed to see angels very much, but it's the same one that went to Sodom. So, they got experience and they know how to pluck people out of the out of the gutter. And here they are taking us hand by the hand and placing us in a place here and putting us in a position. And once you get there, you don't ever want to go back. &gt;&gt; You don't ever want to go back. It's, you know what it is? It's the hand of God. It's the hand of Almighty God that brought us there. And then so God looking at this pew and God looking at this pew and thinking, "Wow, don't tell me I don't have a sense of humor." So he goes down Bure Bern and takes Brother Gerald and says, "I want you to come." And he's positioning him right here in front of this church and him and Sister Betty and Sister Dunford. And here they are, you know, living in St. John's. Who ever thought a boy from Burean Bayern would be living in St. John's? Here he is in working a shoppers drug Mart and he had it all arranged. And here's Gerald now preaching away. We never orchestrated that. We drove the truck, Mark and I. We drove the truck, but we never orchestrated that. We never went down and said, "All right, Brother Jer, we're going to give you 50,000 or 55,000." No, we'll give you 57,000 a year. We didn't do that. Here's a church without a pastor. Here's a pastor without a church. And and God, you know, these angels know exactly how to bring these things together. He knows exactly. He's moving. Look, look at the second line. He's moving around fixing everything for the coming of the Lord. You know why? Because we as the elect of God, we needed a pastor. &gt;&gt; And here was a pastor who needed a church. &gt;&gt; And then God says, "All right, we're going to take Sister Marine. We're going to put her way out here in St. Anthony. And we're going to way out here, and she's going to be all the way out here, St. Anthony." in the in the in the end of the world. Hang out there for two years. Just calm down. We'll see if we can get Ray and Kit to calm down a little bit there. It'll be all right. Then he brings her back. Here they are married. I was there. I saw it. I was the only one there outside of Gerald and Betty. Jerry Betty played the organ. I was there. We went to the captain's quarter, remember? And had supper afterwards. Yeah, remember that? Terry Sprules for dinner. And so I mean I but it was just a handful of us. But you know what? We weren't planning that. There's an angel that knows exactly where we're all supposed to be and he's fixing everything for the coming of the Lord. So you people that are here, you know, you kind of think, well, I just wandered in. I'm going to be here as long as I want. No. What if what about if God sent an angel to place you just where you're sitting today? And maybe he wants you to hear a certain thing. You know what? Because he knows more than you do. &gt;&gt; And he knows where you need to be. Let's Who knew that God knew what was going on and where you needed to be? Think about that. Just think about that alone. Now, back out a little bit and picture this. The whole world is in a place where it needs to be. It's all connected together. Maybe you forgot the quote already. It's all connected together. So at the center of all of it is Christ as he's come down to make it all happen. And you have the bride move to her place. You have Israel moved to its place. You have the cosmos and the world the way they are. You have the national powers. You have the church in in its place. And brother Brandham said, "And now we're moving. We've moved up into a bride age. calling out of the church and getting it ready for the rapture. Let's look at it. Here's the bride now. And our we know exactly where we are now. This is Revelation 10:8-11, right? John takes the book, eats the book, prophesies, you know, becomes like honey in his mouth, bitter in his belly, and he prophesies again. He's not prophesying something new. He's prophesying something again. So, we're we're we're we're preaching the same truth, walking in the same light. And then you have Israel. Look, if you don't believe me, read Zechariah chapter 12, 13, and 14, and it'll tell you exactly what's happening in our day, exactly what's happening. And Israel is exactly where it needs to be. And it's not because all the nations of the world said, "Why don't we just let Israel go home? Why don't we just let them have uh, you know, Palestine? How about that? Why don't we just agree to do that?" Hey, they didn't want that to happen at all. But an angel said, "Out of the way. Excuse me. Out of the way. Out of the way. Out of the way. I'm putting Israel right here. Whether the whether the UN votes for it or not doesn't matter. According to the word, Israel is supposed to be back in our homeland. Excuse me. Get out of the way. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Bang. &gt;&gt; And Abdul Nasser, the president of Egypt, and all the other politicians who uh who came around and said, "We're going to push them into the sea, and we're going to have a seven-day war." And so on. And the angel says, "Hold on. I put them there. And if I put them there, I'm sorry. You're not going to push them into the sea. Watch this. It'll only take me six days, but we'll call it the seven-day war." And then bang, all of a sudden, Israel defeats Egypt and defeats all the other Arab nations around there. You know why? Because Israel didn't put itself there. God put Israel there. &gt;&gt; And in the same vein, if God put you where you are today, the devil can't take you out. &gt;&gt; I said the devil cannot take you out. If God put you where you are today in the body of Christ, the devil can't take you out. I got news for you. If God put your name on the lamb's book of life, the devil can't take it off. Nobody can take it off. You can't take it off. If God put your name on the lamb's book of life, it's on there and it's on there for eternity. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The the world becomes like the days of Sodom. We have uh you know the interplay of nations now and the geopolitics that all takes place and it's constantly changing, constantly changing. I live in the land of of of many Trumps and uh you know, I mean, it's just constantly every day something different happening. And then you have foolish virgins and you have the church and you have the bride and all of it all of it works together. And brother Bandham said all of it is connected together. All of it is. So it's not random events that are just taking place. It is truly the end of the world. And Jesus said, "Let it both grow together until the end of the world." And he said, "The word that fell on the day of Pentecost will not work today." This is for the bride. The going home of the bride. So what God held back prophetically for the bride was for the going home of the bride. So God didn't give this to the fifth church age or the third church age. He gave it to the last one because the last one's going to take it home. I said the last age is going to take it home. Not the first church age, not the second church age, but the last one. So God had to give us a message that would contain lift. It would contain thrust. Are you with me? It would not only have salvation in it, and it would not only have redemption in it. It would not only have deliverance in it. It would not only have peace, joy, and communion in it, but it would have lift &gt;&gt; because you're going to need lift to get out of here. So, he gave us a unique word. Now, this is what's interesting. Here's a principle about harvest you may not have thought about. Number one, if you have planted a seed, a harvest is inevitable. It's an expected outcome. In other words, if you plant a seed, you're going to get something, right? I mean, you're going to you're something's going to be uh mature at the end of it. You cannot change the outcome in the harvest. So, in other words, at a harvest time, you can't look at the field and say, "I don't like that." You can't change it there. If you're going to get a different harvest, you got to sew a different crop. Are you following me? This is the three principles about harvest that we all need to know. You know, if your children turn out bad when they're 16, you can't just magically wave a wand over them and turn them out differently. You're going to have to start sewing a different seed in the heart of that child to get a better outcome later on. &gt;&gt; Because every seed brings forth of its kind. So if you want to obtain a different crop, you sow different seeds. God knew exactly what he was planting in the beginning. So he's going to get the right outcome in the harvest. And that's exactly what's taking place. All right. Now, think about this on a on a on the macro scale. Okay? The angel is on earth and he knows where everything needs to be. So God takes gold to my air. He the angel, the same one who visited Sodom, and brings her to Washington. God takes God takes after John Kennedy because Nixon ran against John Kennedy but and in remember in that election some of you oldtimers will remember that at the election the first election between John Kennedy and Richard Nixon was the introduction of television and television politics dawned in the days of the election of Nixon and Kennedy and all the women looked at their TVs and said how handsome John Kennedy was and voted wanted him to be president because Nixon was more on the ugly side. And so God was waiting now until Nixon is needed and the angel moves John Kennedy in for a couple of years and then all of a sudden got Nixon ready who's friendly towards Israel and moves him in office and then goes to Israel and takes gold to my ear and puts the two of them together and she says we don't have any weapons. Nixon says, "I can help you with that." Because God ar I believe God arranged it to have a a Jew an Israel friendly president in office at the time that Israel needed help most. &gt;&gt; And I'll tell you how destitute they were. If you read the biography of Ezer Visman who was the uh pilot during the the early days of resettlement in Israel, they would practice their bombing runs uh that in the desert against their enemies and they would take sacks of flour, bags of flour, and they would hold open the window of the plane and go along and drop them to see the trajectory of the bomb, which was a bag of flour, and see where it exploded on the ground. And that's the way they trained their pilots because their bombs were so few and so precious. They didn't want to waste their bombs in practice runs. So they were using bags of flour and they would drop them like that and see where they landed. They would save their bombs for the real battles. They were so hard up for ammunition. Golden Mayer said, "Where can I go? Where what nation can I go to?" And there was no other nation she could turn to but America. But God had moved a Israel friendly president in place and said, "We'll help you out. What do you need? We'll help you out." Do you think God's on the scene moving things around? Absolutely. Do you realize these two men had to be in power to drive Israel back to the tree of life? Soviet Jews arriving at at L airport January 17, 1972 back in Tel Aviv. You know why? Because the angel now is allowing those Jews to come back from Soviet dominated countries back into Israel because the angel knows exactly where Israel is supposed to be. He knows that better than you and I. He knows it better than the politicians. He knows exactly where things are supposed to be. And then even today in a more modern context, you have these leaders that are uh you know, they're bargaining over this and moving this around over here and and uh you know, debating over different things right here. Uh let me tell you something, saints of God. The angel knows exactly where they're supposed to be and the angel knows exactly where you're supposed to be. Amen. &gt;&gt; So at the end of the ages, at the end of the ages, the churches, the church goes into Leodysia and it goes into darkness and a judgment cycle begins in the earth. And this is just uh like a little summary points. The b the bride enters into what's called the bride age and we begin that harvest season or that rapture season. And then number three, the cycle of restoration of Israel begins and the Antichrist begins to rise to rule. And that's what that's what happens all around us here because God is orchestrating things to take place. Israel has this promise. I would not, brethren, have you ignorant concerning this mystery, lest you should be wise in your own conceits that blindness in part has happened to Israel until the harvest time. Are you still there? until the the the end of all things, the end of the gentile dispensation, and then then that that the the the bride will come uh to their place and then there will be a a a message that comes to Israel. You still good? &gt;&gt; You think it's not connected or you think you're making decisions. I'll tell you, there's an angel watching over you to make you to make you be in the right place at the right time because God's got a hand upon you. Now, I'm going to close with an example because the question is uh and I mean I I did a little series on this. What manner of people should we be? Um how can I prepare myself? And and there's lots of different ways that your pastor can take that and run with it. And there's there's lots of things that we can do in our own lives and our own churches and our own ministries and so on to prepare and to prepare the people who God gives us to as a congregation to work with. And and there are things that you can all do. We can make our our situations better. We can make our situations financially better. We can make you know apply the token in our home perhaps in a more focused way or how there's lots of different things we can talk about here. But when we ask the question what manner of people we should be, let me just give you one characteristic that I think that God wants to see in us. And that one characteristic is obedience. All right. Now, let me show you an example of obedience. There are a couple just biblical ones here. And the Bible tells us that Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, you know this, and they answered and said to the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we're not careful to answer thee of this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fire." So here they are, they're standing on the edge of the fiery furnace, right? And they said, "Oh, king. Hey, our job here is to stand here and put our trust completely in God, and he will deliver us out of thy hand, O king. But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image who thou hast set up." Our our banner here today is obed. We're going to obey God. And no matter what happens here, we're going to obey him first and foremost because that's what we know is right for us to do. And then when they came out of the fiery furnace, the king said, "Shedra, Meshach, and Abedneo." They answered the king and said, "Sorry, Nebuchadnezzar spoke and said, I'm sorry. This this pointer wants to go to lunch. Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who had sent his angel and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word. Think about what what the king is saying now. Blessed be the God of these three, who has sent his angel. There's that those angels again. And delivered his servants that trusted in him and have chains the king's word. The king's word says they should die. But somehow or another, there's a supernatural power that's at work here. And what they did actually changed the king's word and yielded their bodies that they might not serve nor worship any god except their own god. Look at these guys here. He said they obeyed God. They followed God and obeyed him right to the very end. And it was so powerful that God delivered them and changed my command. Nobody changes the king's command. Therefore, I make a decree that every people, nation, and language which spoke anything against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dung hill because there is no other god that can deliver this sort. &gt;&gt; Hey, we we missed it. We missed it. If we're going to serve a god, serve the god that they serve. Because these guys in their obedience to their God, he moved on behalf of those people and actually changed the word of the king and preserved them alive be despite the fire. And and if we Hey, listen. If we're going to bow to any god, let's bow to their god. &gt;&gt; We missed it, folks. &gt;&gt; Let's repent. Let's come back. Let's get it right. That's what he's actually saying to them. Obedience is a powerful thing. Obedience is an important thing and I want to give you a statement. Now let me just just give me a sec here and I I just want to I just want to find one thing that brother Brandham says and we'll we'll come back to this. Brother Brandham said that obedience is what God wants. Obedience is what God wants. Your money is not what God wants. Your beautiful singing voice is not what God wants. God wants your obedience. Brother Ram said, "Obedience is better than sacrifice." And here's a quote. To obey the Lord is better than any sacrifice that you could do. To obey the Lord is better than any sacrifice you could do. Bear with me now. I'm not going to be long. Now, in this example here that I want to give you, this is a this is an interesting example. Jonathan and his servant, he they they realize that they're in a stalemate against the Philistines and they can't go anywhere. They're kind of locked down because of the Philistines. And uh Jonathan feels inspired to break this impass, to break this block, and he says to his armor bearer, "Follow me. Do what I do." Now, to me, the armor bearer is the real hero in this story because he just he's he's got real faith and trust in in Jonathan. So, he says, "Okay, boss, whatever you say." So, they they they move off and they go to the bottom of a cliff. Now, right above them is the Philistine camp. They're right up here and and it's all rocky. They're all up on top of the hill. And uh Jonathan says to his armor bearer, he says, "Hey, watch what happens." He said, "I'm going to jump out and show myself. They don't know we're here, but I'm going to jump out and show myself. And if they say, "Hey, you rascal, we're going to come down and kill you." He says, "That'll be one sign, and we'll go back to the camp." But if they say, "Hey, you come up here, you dog. Come on up here, and we'll take you on." If they say that, then the Lord has given the whole battle into our hands, and we're going to be victorious. So, one or the other is going to happen, right? The armor beer says, "Yeah, he's a great guy. I mean, but I think we'll see him in heaven. He says there, but now the whole camp's up. Yes, the whole camp's up there and you're going to jump out. Yeah, I'm going to jump out. You just follow me. All right. Okay. Amen. Amen. So Jonathan jumps out and he says, "Hey, you Philistines, look who it is, son of the king." And the men of the garrison answered Jonathan and said, "Come up here, and we will show you something." Jonathan said unto his arm bear, "Come up after me, for the Lord has delivered them into our hand." The Lord has delivered them into the hand of Israel. We're going to win now because they call us up to the top of the hill." Now, the next sentence is extraordinary. Here's a man going up to conquer an entire camp of Philistines, armed and ready, and have the high ground. And you know how he's going up the hill? He's going up like this. Read the Bible verse. Don't look at me. Read the Bible verse. It says that he climbed up on his hands and his feet. That's not a position for a warrior to defeat a whole army of Philistines like this, right? I'm coming to get you. We're going to destroy all of you. I'll be there in a minute. and he's climbing up on his hands and knees and he wins. &gt;&gt; He wins the battle. Read the Bible. They win the battle. And the and the Philistines are up there. It's got to be some sort of secret weapon or something. And and they they start fighting themselves and and then the rest of the Israelites saw this and they said, "Hey, there's a commotion over on the top of the hill. Let's go." And so they all ran over and the Philistines run off and a whole bunch of them are killed and so on. It's just God's way of honoring the obedience of his children. God will make things happen as a result of obedience that sometimes we underestimate in a great way because we Yeah. I mean, we all face impossible situations, situations that need a good shock and they need a good upset and and we don't know how to fix it. We don't know how to change it. But all of a sudden, God will change it by somebody just obeying his word. And you watch what God will do. God's got all kinds of resources. &gt;&gt; Amen. He doesn't say, "Defeat all your enemies." He, you know what he says? He says in Matthew 6:33, "And this has been my theme for a long time. Just seek first the kingdom of God &gt;&gt; and his righteousness and all this other stuff will be added onto you. I've got the resources. I've got the answer. I've got the manpower. You just need to seek first the kingdom of God and watch what I will do as a result of you seeking first the kingdom of God." &gt;&gt; I mean, that's a great verse and that's a whole other series alto together. But here I'm just illustrating the fact that here's an example of one man and his servant and you got to hand it to the servant who who came up on his hands and knees as well. And and and they just obeyed the simple voice of God telling them what to do and they did it and God took care of the whole camp and they won the battle. And you know I could stop there and it would be good. But can I give you one more example? &gt;&gt; And this is one you're not expecting. What a promise. Brother Brandham said because of obedience. This is he talking about Abraham. Obedience is what God wants. Say it with me. Obedience is what God wants. Now everybody say it. Obedience is what God wants. It was once said, "Obedience is better than sacrifice." And obey the Lord is better than any sacrifice you could do. Now, here's a story. It's one of those dark stories in the Bible. If you go back one chapter in Judges 19, there was a horrible, horrible act that was perpetrated against the concubine of a Levite uh back in uh the tribe of of Judah. And I mean, it was terrible. And I don't need to go into details. You you adults can read it later on. And the the sin was so offensive and so grievious to the rest of the tribes of Israel. They said, "Give us the men who committed that murder. Give us the as they should be. It should be a life for life and we will we'll we'll judge that man." And the people in Judah said, "No way. Ain't no way." And they set themselves against the other tribes. And the other tribes knew that they could not tolerate this sin in the camp. They had to deal with this sin because just like Achen stealing the golden wedge, they learned those lessons and they knew that if there was sin in the camp, it has to be deal dealt with one way or the other. So they were they were determined because of this sin, you need to send those perpetrators over here, the murderers over here or if not there's going to be a war. It's going to be a civil war. Now this is a civil war because it's inside the tribes of Israel. This is not the Philistines and the Amorites. This is right inside the the camp of Israel. And it's a lesson here in a number of ways. And one of them is is that, you know, as a body of believers, you have a responsibility to keep the body clean so the Holy Spirit can move among us here. And when something rises up, we don't take the javelin and kill people. We rather deal with it by confession and repentance and making things right. Right. That's still that's still in force. That's still if we do something wrong, we should make it right. If we offend, we should ask for forgiveness. And those things are still in place. Principles are still true here. The Bible says, "And all the children of Israel went out and the congregation was gathered together as one man from Dan to Beeba." Whenever you see that phrase, Dan is in the north of Israel. Beers is in the south. So they gathered all the tribes together within the land of Gilead unto the Lord in Mispa. That's where they met. And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of Israel, presented themselves in the assembly of the people of God, 400, notice the numbers, 400,000 footmen that drew sword. Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel were gone up to Misbah and then said the children of Israel, tell us how was this wickedness? And they wanted to know, they wanted to deal to deal with that. And the children of Benjamin, I'm reading in Judges 20, were numbered at that time of the out of the cities 20 and 6,000 men that drew the sword besides the inhabitants of Gaba which were numbered 700 chosen men. So now you have almost a half million men, a half a million men of the 11 tribes. And in Judges 2017, and the men of Israel besides Benjamin were numbered 400,000 men that drew sword, and all of these were men of war. So you have almost a half million soldiers against a group who were going against the the the last remaining tribe. And the children of Israel got up as was their custom. Listen now. As was their custom, they went up to the house of God before they went to battle. And they asked counsel of God and said, "Which of us will go up to fight in the battle against the children of Israel? Do you want us to go? Who goes first? What's the order of the battle?" And and the Lord responded and said, "Judas shall go up first. Go and fight the battle." So you have a half million men and you have uh you know just a smaller number. I think it was 22,000 men who were over here on the other side of the battlefield. And they go to God and they say, "Shall we go?" God says, "Go. Put Judah up in front and off you go." And in the first day, the first day of the battle, asking God, "Should they go?" And God says, "Go," this group suffers 22,,000 casualties and they retreat. Now, you got to wonder what went through the minds of all of those soldiers who were there. God told us to go. God told us to put Judah up front. He said to go into battle and we did. So, they come back home carrying 22,000 coffins. Think about it. 22,000 coffins. and they come back to the land, the camp, and at the end of the day, they bury all of these soldiers who are dead. They're thinking, "Wow, we're the people of God. We're the 11 tribes. We're We haven't committed any wrong. We haven't murdered anybody. And we just held 22,000 funerals at the end of our day." Let me ask you a question. Would you go back tomorrow? I mean, you'd have to think. Second day. And the people of Israel encouraged themselves, and they set the battle in array, in a place where they put themselves in array the first day. And the children of Israel went up and wept before the Lord until even and asked counsel of the Lord, saying, "Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin?" And the Lord said, "Go up. Go up against them. Go for it. Absolutely. Yes. Go for it." And the children of Israel and all the people went up and came unto the house of God. Sorry, I'm jumping ahead of myself. And in that battle, and I'm skipping some of the scriptures just for time, but in this battle, 18,000 soldiers die and they lose the battle the second day. So the first day they lose 20 thou 22,000 people. The second day they lose 18,000 people. That's 40,000 funerals they've done in 48 hours. Let me ask you a question again. How would you feel about going up the third day and all of you are kind of uncomfortably quiet because you're thinking, "How far does this obedience thing go?" Good question. And the Bible says, I'm still in Judges 20, and the children of Israel and all the people went up and came to the house of God and wept. That's probably an understatement. and sat there before the Lord and fasted that day until even and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the Lord. And the children of Israel inquired of the Lord for the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days. And Phineas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron, who stood before it in those days, shall I go again out to battle against? Hey, these guys are in the will of God, right? God is they're asking God. God's saying go, they go. They're they're being obedient. Shall I yet go again to battle against the children of Benjamin, my brother, or shall I cease? I mean, if you were a captain of a thousand men there, you're just buried. The the ground is still fresh on 40,000 graves. Shall I go again? And God says, "Go up, but tomorrow I'll deliver them into your hand." Would you be willing to go on that third day? 40,000 people, probably everybody in the camp knew somebody who was now in a grave somewhere. Every family practically in the tribe of in the whole land of Israel knew somebody who was buried up on that hill. And here they are. And God says, "On the third day, go up." And you know what the people did? They obeyed God. And they went. And when they went and obeyed what the Lord says, they were victorious. Brother Ram said, "And Abraham believed it." And he said, "That's a believer. That's a believer when he just believes God. How are you going to do it, Lord?" He never asked the question. God said he would do it. That's settled. You know what? You know what a believer does? A believer is characterized as somebody who hears here's what God says and obeys that. Doesn't ask a whole bunch of questions. Doesn't say, "But what about the other 40,000? But what about this and what about that?" Obedience is a powerful thing even when it's not logical. And I believe this, saints of God, with all my heart. I I I believe that when when it comes down to it, when it comes down to this place, what a promise of obedience, what a promise because of obedience. Obedience is what God wants. And it was once said, obedience is better than sacrifice. And to obey the Lord is better than any sacrifice that you could do. You say, "Well, you know, how far is God going to go with this?" I don't know. I'm telling you, I don't know. But I know this about one of the charact when Peter asked the question, "What manner of people should we be?" And if obedience is one of those characteristics that are to be found in us, I say God's not afraid to push us to a limit that we may not expect or we may not fully understand. But you know what? You're better off being obedient because that's what God really wants. And brother Brandham tells us, and this is my last screen, he tells us, "Now you're going to see the glory of God." This is Joshua talking to the people, and they're hung the pillar of fire over them. But don't let it get out of your sight because you've never passed this way before. And I believe that's an experience for the church. Let's move out towards Jordan tonight because God's here leading you. And the angel of God will lead you every step of the way. You're not in the lead. You're not in control. You're not you're not going to uh decide or figure out the route yourself, but there's an angel here, the same kind of being that moved everything around in the first place. And that one is going to lead us in the last place all the way over onto the other side onto the other shore. And and that angel requires you to do one thing, and that is just to follow him. And where he says go, we'll go. And where he wants us to be, we'll be. And what he wants us to say, we'll say. And what he wants us to perform, we'll perform by God's grace because that's the will of God. God's will is to put an angel in front of us to lead us all the way. How many can say amen? God has got a design. God's got a program. God's got it already figured out. I know the plans concerning you and I know exactly where you need to be. Your job is to seek first the kingdom of God and say, "Lord, what your whatever is your will. That's my desire." And to follow him and obey him even when it doesn't make sense. And God is able and willing to do things in front of us that may not make a whole lot of sense, but he still wants you to obey it anyway. Let's stand to our feet. The angel of the Lord, he said God's here leading you, and the angel of the Lord will lead you every step of the way. Wow. rapturing faith for us to think, well, we just, you know, kind of walk off here and walk over the heads of all the denominational churches and so forth. Um, I I I I think folks, in the end of things, it'll probably be a little bit more challenging than that. But I know this that God never asks us to do anything that we would not be able to do because that would defeat God's purpose. But he puts within a seed everything that seed needs to become. He puts within that seed the power to become what it is supposed to be. And I believe that when God called us, he put within us everything that we need to have in order to go to where we need to go. Do you believe that today? God puts within us already everything that we have need of to get to where we need to go. Glory to God. He's good, isn't he? And his word is so challenging. I mean, his word is so powerful. And I I believe this that uh you know, when it when it came to uh Abraham getting to where he needed to be or any character in the Bible and you look at the three Hebrew children and all the rest of them, they all had a testimony that they just obeyed God. God made it happen. God brought it to pass. And even in the end, the unbelievers, the king is saying, "Hey, if we're going to worship a God, we're going to worship a God of these three right here because he's the God of all power." In our obedience, we have no fear. In our obedience, we have a trust in him. And faith and trust go hand in hand. Heavenly Father, as we bow into your presence, Lord, we're we're thankful for the sober reminders that are found in scripture how you're not afraid to challenge your people. You're not afraid, Lord, to present situations to them that may seem difficult and illogical, but you know exactly what you're doing. And I pray, dear God, you'd give us the same kind of faith and determination that those Israeli soldiers had, Lord, to to to pursue you despite all of the things that had happened to them over the last couple of days, they they pursued you still. They followed you and they obeyed you and they went back in the battle day after day knowing what had happened the day before and they were confident Lord. They were obedient. They were trusting in you. And I pray you'd make us give us that kind of a heart that we would follow you Lord no matter how sensible it is or how sensible it's not that you would give us a desire to follow you with a real heart full of courage and faith and believing Lord that you know best. I pray dear God you'd help us to pursue your presence in that same way. Have your way Lord. I pray give this church Lord. Give all of its members a real heart of a lion that they might pursue you Lord with a passion. And may Lord the leadership just lead your people with confidence knowing Lord that you're the one that moved us all into position and you have things under your control. We love you Lord and we thank you for your mercies. Help us Lord to have an obedient heart. In Jesus name we pray. In Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Let's sing. Let's worship before brother John come. Let's sing. &gt;&gt; You are great. Let's sing that. Pull that up there if you will. Let's worship together. &gt;&gt; You deserve the glory and the honor. And Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. We deserve the glory and we Lord we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. &gt;&gt; Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. And you deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy [Music] and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. Oh so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we say praise the Lord this morning? Amen. That was beautiful. A bit of a walk down memory lane, I think. You know, I don't think when brother Mark first came out of the Catholic church that he thought a church would spring out of that decision or brother Bob, Sister Brenda, Sister Morin, Brother Barry, the different ones. Brother Gerald coming in. Who knew? Who knew what would come out of that? You know, it struck me that on the Exodus, not everyone was born in Egypt. Some of us were blessed to be born on the road. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't know Egypt. We don't know the price that was paid to get us out. But what matters is are we believe in the same message that brought them out of Egypt to take us into the promised land. Amen. We don't have to repent of Egypt, but we do have to stay faithful to the word. Amen. There's an obedience that's required for each one of us. But I so appreciate that that thought that we don't understand in the moment often what we're doing, the decisions we make, but if we make them by the word, later on we see the seed that we planted. Brother Mark, you see your seed. Brother Gerald, you see your seed. &gt;&gt; Parents, &gt;&gt; are you seeing the seed? &gt;&gt; If you're not, it's not too late to change. &gt;&gt; But if you're seeing it, press the mark. Amen. Keep on the road. It's too late to be planting new crops. We ought to be nurturing them, building them up in the most holy faith. Amen. Stay true to what God's shown us. As long as the bride's here, there's still time, church. It's never too late. It's never too late to But don't wait until it's too late. Amen. We are this close. We're this close. Israel's God's time piece. They are one nation away from being alone in this world. And if we look at that, we say, "How much closer is the bride to going away?" Amen. I enjoy that today. Amen. There's a blessing in it, but there is a warning in it as well. Amen. I thought it was so good. If you don't like your crop, change your seed. Amen. God help us each one. But I as he was preaching there, the thought came to me when Jesus talks about that faithful servant that when the master comes, he finds him so doing what he told him to do. Amen. That's what obedience looks like. It's the faithful dayto-day walk of the humble, victorious Christian life. Amen. We're not here for fanfare. We're here to just do what he asked us to do. Nobody notices servants except when they're not doing their job. All he wants us to do is what he's asked us to do. And in the simple, humble, obedient life, that's where Christ is revealed in this age. Amen. We've been preaching on the mystery revealed. And then we have him come in and he he touches on a bunch of things that I was going to preach on. So, I don't know if I have to preach on some of them now, but I say, "Praise the Lord." It's good to have a an experienced minister come in behind and then confirm some of those things and and whatnot. It's an encouragement for me. Amen. To to hear and see those things as well. Amen. God bless you, Brother Barry. Sure. appreciated that. Amen. Let's sing that song. He's got it all in control. Amen. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. for he put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. And I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I put my life in his hand. Let's sing that verse again. And I put my life in his hand. I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. [Music] I put my life in his hand. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. I know Jehovah's here. We start out slow and then we speed it up a bit, I think. Amen. Do we have the verses there? Are you okay for that? Okay. There we were in Egypt under Pharaoh's mighty hand. We were bound by wrong religion [Music] and caught in the creed of man. Oh, then a prophet from the desert starts preaching all around. God has heard our prayer. Jehovah has come down. I know Jehovah's here to lead us all the way. A pillar of fire by night and a cloud by day. I know Jehovah is here to lead us all the way. And I will follow everything he has to say. Second verse. Moses sure was no good speaker. Nothing polished I could tell. But we all began to notice that he knew Jehovah well. And as he stood behind the pulpit, showing signs of God's great power. It's Jehovah here. The message. Third verse. Third verse. I know Jehovah's here to lead us all the way. A pillar of fire by night and in the cloud by day. I know Jehovah's here to lead us all the way. And I will follow everything he has to say. And on the jour through the desert, about 30 miles high was a cloud that led us every day. And at night, a pillar of fire. Oh, if you ask for my opinion, All that I can say it's Jehovah here to lead us all the way. I know Jehovah was here to lead us all the way. The pillar of fire by night and the cloud by day. I know you hold us here to lead us all the way. and I will follow everything he has to say. I think we'll hold it there. Amen. God bless you. Before we close in prayer, we're going to sing that song, Jehovah Gyra, my provider. Amen. God bless each one for coming today. Amen. Trusting it's been a blessing. Amen. Pray God's grace as we go out. remember brother Dale Walsher in particular. Amen. There's a real need there. And we've been remembering every day in prayer at home and devotions and these things. But Amen. I'll tell you one thing. He needs deliverance. I say, Lord, deliver him from his pain one way or the other. Deliver him from his pain. Amen. Do a special work for him. Remember him. Remember brother Barry, Sister Becky as they travel home that God's grace would be with them. Amen. We've got a lot going on this month. It's a busy month for me and my family as well. So just praying God's grace for us through that. Children back in school. Jonathan starts university on Monday and uh Monday, right? So we want to remember him as well. It's a big bad world out there. Amen. Just trusting God to put a hedge of protection about him that he'd be a light in perhaps the darkest place you can find in St. John's, Newfoundland is the campus of a university. Amen. So trusting God will be with them there. Amen. Let's sing this. And uh brother Vasha, I'm going to have you close in prayer if that'd be okay. Amen. God bless you. Jehovah Gyra my proer. [Music] You are more than enough for me. [Music] Jehovah Rafa, you're my healer. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah Sham, you are with me. You supply all my needs. You are more than enough. More than enough. You are more than enough for me. One more time. Jehovah Gyra [Music] my proider. You are more than enough [Music] for me. Jehovah Rafa, you're my healer. By your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah Sha, you are with me. You supply all my needs. You are more than enough. More more than enough. You are more than enough. &gt;&gt; Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for speaking to us today, Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you for your presence in our midst, Lord. Thank you for anointing our hearts, our ears, Lord, to listen your word, Lord. We pray to you Lord. Help us reflect on what was said today Lord. Make it very real to us Lord. Quicken it in our hearts Lord. Lord we pray to you for brother Dale Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; His humble servant Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; You know everything he did for us Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We pray to you Lord Jesus. Please touch him Lord. Please meet him in his hour of need, Lord. Meet him in his revelation, Lord. Lord, we pray to you for Sister Lorie Snow, Lord. She has been such a great testimony, Lord. Thank you for your mighty work in her life, Lord. Lord, we pray for Brother Barry. Lord, restore him, Lord Jesus. Bless him for all the work he has done, Lord. Please be with sister Rebecca too Lord as she supports him Lord in in his journey Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus for your grace on us too. Oh Lord we thank you for all the work our elders did here Lord. We thank you for the foundation they laid here Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We pray to you Lord Jesus to please continue speaking to us Lord. Let your word burn in our hearts, Lord. Refine us, Lord Jesus, with your cleansing fire. Lord, we pray to you for the coming services, too, Lord. Help us to take a step higher and higher, Lord, till we walk away. Lord, please strengthen our hearts, Lord Jesus, as the battle gets stronger. Lord, hold us, Lord, so that may we may not fall away. Lord, you are our anchor, Lord. You're our protector, Lord. We love you. We welcome you in our midst Lord. We love listening to you Lord. We love your presence Lord. We praise you. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Glory. [Music] Amen. [Music] You [Music] hear my spirit [Music] water. [Music] In the mountain [Music] from Gal. We now [Music] God is going down from Calary now. I will pour out my spirit of praise. [Music] and carry holy. There is around the world and our king and glory. We now [Music] the world and there But we all from now [Music] you [Music] are when I bring on you and your mountain with the Now the world [Music] from Calary. [Music] That day shall be open and shall be holding the mountain for you. the world and I glory now. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
