################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - 20250419 - Enduring The Night Of Weeping - Bro. Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-19
Title:    20250419 - Enduring The Night Of Weeping - Bro. Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4WKZwwbZ8o
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-3wmbvdGi2_Coisngs9EtgBvP0y1sEG9/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] That's it. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] I was on his mind. He knew me yet he loved me. He whose glory makes the heaven shine. So unworthy, have such worthy. When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he knew me yet he loved me. [Music] He whose glory remains the heaven and shine. Glory to your name. So [Music] worthy. Have such mercy. [Music] When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. One more time. Cuz he knew me yet he loved me. He whose glory makes the heaven shine. Thank you, Lord. I'm so unworthy of such worthy while he was on the cross. I was on his mind. Let's sing that one that you were sing playing before. Amazing Grace will always be my song of praise. What's our testimony? Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that brought me liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so when he loved me on Thank you Lord I saw my name glory I shall for my eyes to calary. Yes, Lord. To the cross where Jesus died for my [Music] glory. The grace that my glory. Thank you Lord. You [Music] me blood my savior shed for me that day to restore for me back to where I used to be. Thank you, Lord. Glory. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. He became my Thank you, Lord. Took me his rightous glory. When he looks he might hallelujah and I shall forever live my eyes to calary to you the cross where Jesus died for me. How the rest the grace that my calling s my love and song and glory to your name. Thank you Lord. me to love. My savior shed for me that day to restore me back to where I used to be. He became my s. Thank you Lord for it. Glory to his rightousness when he love me on my thoughts and the Lord glory. I shall forever my eyes to calary till you the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How [Music] much the grace that are my father is all my Amen. It's good to be in church tonight. It's good to see all the faces here tonight and some our visitors. Really good to have you with us. Some prayer requests. Sister Laura Snow, I haven't sent an update in a while uh this week, but um I believe she's out of the woods. Um if you think of her, pray for her kidneys. That that's the one of the question marks now is just wanting to see them uh get back to normal. Um, also, you know, she's going through physio and there's different, you know, things like that now she has to face and we just want to keep her in prayer. But it's absolutely a miracle that she's alive. That's uh that's for sure. So, I believe that's because of the prayer. Um, again, brother Adam getting MRI results on the 23rd. We're believing for a good report. The Lord will just take away his symptoms that he's feeling. Um, brother Jeremiah and uh now brother Joshua both taking heart smacks to the head and uh want to keep them in prayer and maybe buy them some helmets. Brother um sister uh Becky we just continue to remember you in prayer and sister Cordella I was in touch with with her and uh she's going to try to be here tomorrow night and uh she did say she was having some uh some challenges with her health and and her energy and and different things. So my heart went out to her and just uh we just want to keep her in prayer. Again, Sister Katrina and Brother Nelson uh Church in Central, the saints there. Just want to remember all them again. Thankful to have him with us. Let's sing uh I'm going to ask Brother Abby if you'd be willing, brother, to uh to pray. Just come up and open in prayer. We're going to sing a song here. Uh [Music] 183. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about that name. Master, Savior Jesus, like the fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus. [Music] Jesus, Jesus. Let off heaven and earth [Music] proclaim. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's [Music] something about that brother. My Jesus. Jesus. Oh Jesus. There's just something about that name. [Music] Master, Savior Jesus, like a fragrance after a rain. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Let all heaven and earth [Music] proclaim. Kings and kingdom will all pass away. But there's something about heavenly father so thankful this evening hour this point of time you gave us to come in and gather around with you father to look upon you lord the two living fathers is the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. There's no beside you this morning. Father, we know in this hour, Father, you send our prophet William Brandham to open our hearts of understanding that we may walk bold to the truth in the hour which we live in, Lord. Because you're a great one, Father, and there's no Messiah. And Lord, we know Lord when you live on upon the earth, Father, you walked in flesh. And Father, you hope looked at blind eyes. The dead one was raised from the dead. Pleasure was father. Truly, Lord, the closer indeed. And this hour we live in, Lord. People are going the wrong ways. Don't get much care for you, much love for your father. But Lord, I'm so glad I can come in and bow my head before you, Father, with the brothers and sisters here, Father, that leaves your word and holds to it. And Lord, we know that you're the true living God, and there's no beside you. You're the rose of Sharon, the L, the valley, the bright morning star, and there's no beside me. See, we are. I want to thank you, Father, for your blessings towards us. I'm not worthy, Lord, to stand me on your throne of poverty, Lord. But Lord, I stand because we're asking, Lord, we stand to open up your hearts, Father, that you open up our hearts of understanding. And we'll always walk upon your word, Father, in the close of the hour we live in. Lord, bless the servant, Father. We know, Lord, you really lay your life down. Shed your blood on Calvary, Father, to cover the sins on see never to remember again. Oh Lord, you're known beside me to see me. Father, I ask you Lord to bless each one bow in your presence or receiving. Father, that we may walk with you, one accord, one mind to the closing end of the ages upon us. And Father, we're looking for the resurrection and the chains and the mortal immortality. Father, oh your God, their norm, our father, I love you. I thank your grace to warn us. And father, keep us covering the shed blood of Jesus Christ into your son. Father, because in you, Lord, there's no one there. There there's no darkness whatsoever, Father. And we ought to learn to walk and stand in the truth in the hour which we live in, Lord, because you're you're our blessed savior and only disciple to see me, Lord. So, Father, I ask you once more to bless us about in your presence. Keep us one accord, one mind, Lord, that we always walk in the light of your word, according to your word, that you receive boldly on purpose. I leave all things in your hands now father and thank you for the day which you has given us. Bless each one father. I love each one. I stand for the truth lord as they do. I want to walk and hold to the truth. And father that you'll receive glory honor praise. Only believe all things are possible in Christ Jesus. Those blessings we ask it in Jesus Christ's name for their savior. Amen. Let's sing [Music] 459. Alas, and did my Savior bleed? and did my sorrow. Oh, he saw such a worm as I Oh, at the cross that fall where I first saw the light and the burden on my heart goes away. It was there by me. I received my son. And now I am happy all day. For that I have [Music] done upon the tree. Amazing king. Praise [Music] une my glory. For at the cross had brought where I first saw light and the burning of my heart away. It was there by me. I receive [Music] my happy [Music] all my [Music] son and [Music] sh the mighty maker die. I thank you Lord [Music] glory for at the cross that cross where I burn all the light and the burden on my heart away. He was there by me. I receive my s and now I am happy. The cross of me and the dead of love I Lord I myself the way is all that I can do. Oh, at the cross that cross where I first saw and the burden of my heart away. It was where I came. I receive my sight and now I am happy all the day. A drop of me and me the gate of love I all [Music] I see is all that I can do now for at the cross and cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart away. You was there by I receive my sight and now I am happy all the way. At the cross that cross where I first saw the light and the burning of my heart roll away. He was there by I receive my sight and now I am happy all [Music] day. Let's sing number 279. King of my life I round thee now thine shall the glory be lest th I forget thy thorn crown brown lead me to have glory. Lest I forget his money. Let's I forget thine. Lest I forget thy love for me. Lead me to heaven. Oh, show me the to where thou are tender than angels in the light of rain. God was our les I forget his money. Let's not forget thy neony I forget thy love for me. leading me to Calary and let me like Mary through the Lord to me. Go to me now empty to lead me to calary. Let's not forget their sony. Let's not forget thygony. As I forget thy love for me, lead me to California. Let's not forget. [Music] Lest I forget thy agony. Lest I forget thy love for thee. Lead me to tell him and may I be willing Lord to bear daily for me. Keep in that love of free to share. Thank you Lord. Oh, glory to your name. And lest I forget my le I forget thygony. as I forget thy love for me to calary. Let's sing number 1247. Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the price you made. Bear in all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave the amazing. Thank you for his love, Lord. Thank you for watching your Lord. Now all I know your forgiveness will break for you. [Music] worthy [Music] weing. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Jesus, son of God. [Music] is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the char. Thank you for the Thank you Lord. all my [Music] s in Amazing. Now all I know your name is praise worthy. [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] [Music] Jesus, son of God, the treasure of [Music] heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the worthy seed on the throne. We crown you down with ground. You reign glor. I [Music] am Jesus son of God. The treasure of [Music] heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Amen. Tough song to stop. Beautiful song. Let's sing number 1236. This is this is why he died for all these moments that we have and sickness and despair and so forth. And I just love this song. Amen. My trbled soul. Why so weigh down? You were not made to bear this heavy load. Come on. Cast on. [Music] None. Lord, Jesus cares. He cares for you. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And all your wormen help us. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Trust again in the promise of his love. I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord. Thank you, [Music] Lord. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are with his faithful hand. My anxious heart man with trials come how easily forget to cast your burden upon the Lord. He cares. I know what you're saying. Jesus cares. He cares for you all your [Music] wor again in the promise of love. Amen. I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are in his faithful hand. I'll praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my head. Praise the rock of my salvation. All my days are with his faithful hand. Sorry folks, I forgot. Brother Paul came to sing a special and brother John just come right after that. [Music] Lord I cry. Lord I [Music] sing. Halleluah. Lord, you are higher than exalted. Where you are is where I want to be. So I lift my eyes to your throne. I lift my voice to you alone in worship. in worship and you turn your ear to me. Draw near to me. Hold me when I am in need. And my lips will sing your praise. And my heart's been set ablaze. The glory of your face will I see. It's all because of you, Lord Jesus Christ. In all that I do, in all of my life, I will worship you. I'll honor you. I love you because you first love me. Now you're there in the splendor of your holyess. Hear this prayer. Father, grant my one request for this child. One day soon we'll see you face to face. Take and guide. Shower down your sweet, sweet grace. I spread my hands before your throne. I live my life for you alone as worship. as worship and you turn your ear to me. Draw near to me. Hold me when I am in need. And my lips will sing your praise. And my heart's been set ablaze. The glory of your face will I see. It's all because of you, Lord Jesus Christ. In all that I do in all of my life, I will worship you. I'll honor you. I love you because you first loved me. [Music] And you turn your ear to me. Draw near to me. God, I know I'm in need. And my lips now sing your praise. And my heart's been set ablaze. The glory of your face now I see. It's all because of you, Lord Jesus Christ. In all that I do, in all of my life, I will worship you. I honor you. I love you because you first love me. [Music] May God bless you. Let's stand if we would. We're going to sing that song. I worship you, Almighty God. Amen. Beautiful special, brother Paul, Sister Kimberly. Amen. We love him because he loves us. We come to him because he draws us. Amen. It's his work from start to finish. Amen. We're going to sing this song. I've worship you, Almighty God. Before we go to prayer, I worship you, Almighty God, for there is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my [Music] rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. One more time. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Oh, grace of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightous. Oh, I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Lord, that we could stand here this evening righteous. You declared it. Not me declaring it. Not my brothers and sisters, Lord, but you have declared us to have and be the righteousness of God, Lord, that Christ came and took our sin that we might become the righteousness of God. Lord, that we can stand in your presence this evening, sinless, spotless, cleansed, sanctified, filled with your spirit because you came down and took our place. You exchanged your place for ours. Lord, and we stand redeemed this evening. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Lord, we can't thank you enough. We can't praise you enough. We can't worship you enough, Lord Jesus. Lord, if we started from when we woke up to the time that we fell asleep, Lord, it would not be enough to thank you, Lord. But we're saying thank you this evening, Lord. We're thanking you. Lord, we praise you, Lord. May we not do it just by lip service this evening, Lord, Lord, but may we day by day express our love, our appreciation, our thanks, Lord Jesus, for all that you've done, Lord, for a perfect finished work, Lord, that's playing out in these bodies of time. Lord, we thank you. We worship you, Lord. May our lives honor that sacrifice, Lord. Have the preeminence, Lord. It's a special day. It's a somber day, Lord. And yet, it's a day of thanksgiving as well, Lord. May you have the honor, the glory, the praise, and the service. May your spirit move, Lord. May your redemptive blessings be evident in our midst this evening, Lord. For we commit this service to you now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Psalms chapter 30. Psalms chapter 30. Amen. I don't think a preacher can preach a Good Friday service and not cry. At least not a good preacher. I'm just covering up my emotion. Amen. It's a wonderful, wonderful day to be a believer. Amen. As we look back on a day that happened 2,000 years ago. Amen. But it's a wonderful privilege to be a son and daughter of God this evening. It's good to see Brother Barry, Sister Darlene, Brother Abby, Sister Olive with us. Amen. Good to see our our traveling pastoral family back there. Brother Gerald, Sister Betty back with us again. God bless you. Good to see you with us. certainly enjoyed that special this evening. What a wonderful gift. Amen. Amen. It's wonderful to see the gifts being used. Amen. God bless you, brother Paul, Sister Kim. Psalms chapter 30 and verse one. I will extol thee, oh Lord, for thou hast lifted me up and has not made my foes to rejoice over me. Oh Lord my God, I cried unto thee and thou hast healed me. Oh Lord, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave. Thou hast kept me alive that I should not go down to the pit. Sing unto the Lord, oh ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. For his anger endureth but a moment in his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. God bless you. And I want to take a title this evening, perhaps a bit different. I want to speak on enduring the night of we of weeping and Easter is always a bittersweet time. Certainly the, you know, the Good Friday evening is is a is is a a time where it's somber and and it's reflective and it's sad. You know, as I when I read my Bible, I've said this before, I read from five portions or five general areas of the Bible, but I always circle through the Gospels and every time I'm coming up to the crucifixion, I always dread it a little bit because there's nothing enjoyable about reading the crucifixion. There's a price that was paid and it pays for us to remember that. Amen. It's good to read those things to remind ourselves on a regular basis of the price that was paid. But I take no joy in seeing what in hearing and reading what he went through and imagining those things. And yet Easter is a time of celebration. It's a time of wonder. It's a time of praise and worship. And so I'm caught between those emotions of of all the events of that that weekend. Amen. But we just want to dwell a bit on the hardships of that night perhaps. And I don't want to just dwell on that night, but I want to look back through eternity as we go through this because I want us to consider the reality of the price that was paid. Amen. And it's good to dwell on it to really talk about what Christ endured of his own free will and and how that price that was paid allows us today to come to the throne of God every single day without barrier, without boundary regardless of our condition that we could come into the presence of God on a daily basis because of the price that was paid at Calvary. But I want to go beyond that this like I said this evening. I I want to go past the anguish and the pain of the the hopelessness that they must have felt that day. Can you imagine being a disciple, a follower of Jesus that night and you see him and he goes and he dies on the cross and you go home to to to to go through the the rest of the Sabbath and these things and your heart is heavy and you're crying and these sorts of different things. But I want to take us out of that day and I want to go back into the heavenlies because so often that's a the struggle that we face is that we don't see things from God's way of seeing it. But we got to in this case with Calvary, we've got to see the problem from God's eyes so we can see the solution from God's eyes as well. And so I want us to see how big that problem was so we can see why the why the sacrifice why the price that was paid had to be so severe as well. And I want to take us back to Revelation 5 this evening. And Revelation 5, if you remember, this is John being caught up a little higher. Remember John was in the the the spirit and then the spirit brought him in and then it said, "Come up a little higher, John." And he said, "I saw on the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals." This is the throne of God he's talking about. This is where deity is sitting and he's sitting there and he has a book that's sealed up. He has ownership and he has sealed it. So you have to take it from him and it has to be opened and read. And it says, "And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof." So, it's not just taking the book that's required, but somebody's got to be able to open it up and read what's on the inside. And he says, "Who's worthy?" Today, we'd say, "Who's qualified?" There's certain things you have to be qualified to do today. If you're going to work on electrical systems, you got to be a journeyman or or a red seal apprentice. If you're going to design certain things, you have to be an engineer with a degree or professional engineering status. If you're going to do surgery, you better have a doctor's uh training and those sorts of things. But here we've got something something that requires worthiness. Somebody has to have what it takes to open this book and loose the seals off of it. And it says, "And no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look their own." Now notice now, not a single person from all of history is worthy to open the book. No man, no woman, listen, nobody. Look, you'd say, "Well, anyone in he in earth, I understand that." But there's men in heaven. You look at Enoch. God was pleased with Enoch. That was Enoch's rapture res revelation was that he pleased God. But he didn't please him enough to be worthy. Elijah's there and he's not worthy either. The best of us is still not worthy. He says, "And I wept much." The literal translation there is I mourned or I cried constantly. He was inconsolable. John started crying and he didn't stop crying. He says, "Because why? No man was found worthy to open and to read the book." And this is the prophet John now. And he's been caught up into the heavenlies and he's been shown a situation of God seated on the throne. And he's holding a book. And it's not just any book, but it's a book that is meant to be taken. It has to be taken. It has to be loosed. It has to be opened. And then it has to be read. That's its purpose as a book is to be taken and read. And if it doesn't get opened, it spells doom for humanity. If the book is not taken, we are doomed. We are of all men most miserable. We cannot leave this situation we're in. We would have to be separated from God eternally. If that book doesn't come back to mankind, mankind can never be redeemed. That's the situation that we're seeing. And John, when he realized that this book was not going to be opened and read, he cried and he cried and he cried. He could not be consoled. He could not be comforted. This wasn't a situation where you could go and sit down with John and say, "John, it's going to be okay." No, John knew it wasn't going to be okay. Because every man had been tested and tried and been found wanting. Nobody could take the book. And John is this weeping doesn't just start. But John starts to cry when he realizes, I can't do it. You can't do it. We can't do it. We can't bind together and do it. My good works won't do it. My religion won't do it. My pastor won't do it. My church attendance won't do it. My tithing won't do it. We can't do it. Our good intentions, our faithfulness to the word still won't do it. That's when he started crying when he realized what I've done is not good enough and neither is anybody else's. He's in a situation where he realizes we can't make it. And that's when John started to cry because he knows we're supposed to make it and yet we can't do it. If we were to drop out of eternity and into time, we would say that humanity wept for 4,000 years. John represents the elect. John represents the bride. John represents those whose names are in that book. And they cry and they cry and they cry because for every bit of trying they do, they cannot draw any closer to God. There is a gap between us. There's a great gulf between us and him and we can't close it. And John just starts to cry. Why? Because he knows what that book is. We look at that book and we look throughout the book of Revelation and we see that that book is the lamb's book of life. Amen. I won't read the scriptures for the sake of time tonight, but we see time and time again there's only one book that matters to the elect. There's only one book that matters to the bride and that is the na the book that has their names on it that were written there before the foundation of this world. That's what this book is. Amen. It is the title deed. It's the family tree. It's the book of redemption. It's the book of the rapture. It's the book of life. It's everything that we are supposed to have as children of God is written inside that book. Amen. Your victories in that book. Your rapture, your resurrection, your your assurance, your insurance, your eternal security is written in that book, but it needs to be taken and it needs to be read in order for us to be restored back. And that book was out of reach. Who's going to go take it from God? Not me. Definitely not me. Brother Vichel looks like GQ, but that's not going to get you there tonight, Brother Vichel. We can dress ourselves up. We can do all of our good works. It's not going to get us there. That book wasn't being read. It wasn't even opened. Wasn't even opened. And John is sitting here and he's wanting somebody to take that book and redeem humanity. And nobody's able to do it. Nobody's worthy. They've got to pass God's test of worthiness. And none of us can do it. That's the title deed to our redemption. It's the title deed to this earth. What would happen today if you don't have a title deed to your house? If you don't have a title deed to your house, anybody can come into your house. If you can't show that that house belongs to you, then they get to say it's as good as mine as it is yours. If you don't have a piece of paper and I don't have a piece of paper, then it's just as much mine as yours. And they can park in your driveway, brother Joe. They can go in your shed quarters and take it over. They can lay in your bed. They can eat your food. And you can't do anything about it because you don't have the title deed. Why? Because you don't have legal recourse. If you don't have that piece of paper, you don't have your name on it that gives you the rights to protect your property from anybody that comes against it. John's weeping here because the title deed's been lost for mankind. And there's no way to get it back. Adam went from being an amateur god, the son of God, having everything on this earth under his power and authority to switching to a place where he's in a constant battle with every element of this world, including his own self. That's the condition mankind fell fell into. That's why John's weeping cuz he sees no hope to get out of the condition that he's in. Even in this situation, what happened? Satan got kicked out of heaven and he comes down here and he takes on squatters rights. He takes possession because we've lost the deed. We have no authority now. He's a squatter. He's a pretender. But if you don't have authority to kick him out, he's got as much right to be here as you do. And it's going to take the book to kick him out. It's going to take the title deed coming back into the hands of men. And what happened after Adam fell was that man was left to free moral agency. And guess what? Satan's had a circus with free moral agency ever since. Cuz his flesh wants him. And there's only something in the inside that fights. And so man's never been able to overcome completely. But I want to paint a picture about why John is weeping so bitterly. Because John understood what was missing. John knew the book of Genesis. John knew what we used to have before. Amen. And so John understood the magnitude of the problem. And I believe you look in scripture, you'll see that child after child of God understood the problem cuz they kept trying, but they could never overcome. They could do their best and sometimes it was really, really good. You look at Samuel, you look at Joseph, near perfect and still not enough. And when you do everything you can and you're almost perfect and that's not enough, that's when you realize there's a problem here. He says this, we find out that when John looked and saw that book still in the hands of the original owner, God, he says, you remember how it was lost by Adam? He forfeited the book of life for the knowledge of Satan and lost his inheritance. He lost everything. And to make matters worse, he says there was no way for redemption. It's one thing to lose it and say, "I can get it back." We put things I I don't think we do it so much these days. People put things into pawn shops with the idea that I'm going to get it back. This was not a pawn shop experience. It was gone. They lost total ownership of it. There was no coming back. Amen. And John knows what that meant because he knew what they had back in those days. He knew what it was to have relationship with God. He knew what it was to have fellowship with God because the book of Genesis detailed it. How he would come down in the cool of the evening and he would walk and he would talk and he would comfort and he would lay them down to sleep at night. And there was no fear, there was no pain, there was no suffering, there was no sickness. There was full authority, perfect rest, total control in love. And he's looking and he's seeing there's no way to get back to that. Everything that Adam had, he lost. And there was no way for Adam or any son of Adam to go back and get it. And in that knowledge, John knew unless that book is taken and opened, we're not going back there. Brother Bram says this. He says first the announcement went forth for who is able to come and take the book of redemption. See for the whole plan of redemption from Adam all that Adam lost there was nothing lost until Adam and after Adam all was lost in the earth and everything on the creation of the earth was lost and everything fell with Adam. Adam crossed the chasm that no one could get back. No way at all. Man when he sinned he left his way. He left no way back for himself. You say, "Why did he have to pay a price so great?" Because we had no way back. We could not do it. After Adam and Eve fell from their position, they went out from the presence of God. And you have to realize, church, they did not leave willingly. They didn't want to leave the presence of God. God drove them out. The scripture says he drove them out. He expelled them. He cast them out. And he blocked the way with an angel, a cherubam, with a flaming sword. and there was no way they could come back. You could only see that, I think, this evening. And a and just in your eye cast a a vision of what that must have looked like. They've had a a few minutes conversation with God and they've been judged and they've been found guilty and their whole world comes crumbling down and then God starts to take them and he starts to drive them out of the garden and everything that they've known starts to fade away just in that moment. They're walking out of the garden and those hands are pushing them forward. No doubt they're stumbling. They're crying. They don't even know what's going on. You parents that have had children, you know, when they're overcome and they don't even know where they're going. They don't know what they're doing. Have you ever seen that? And you're just having to guide them along. That's what God was doing. Guiding them out of his presence. Amen. They're driving them out of a perfect land, perfect relationship, into a battle for the rest of their life. He says, "But notice they had sinned now." And I can hear God say, "Because you came out of the dust of the earth, to dust thou shalt return." Poor little Eve threw her head over on Adam's shoulders and began weeping because she knew what she'd done. Adam put his arm around Eve and there they go walking out of Eden, condemned. I can just hear that old bloody sheep skin around the beautiful figure of those two people slapping against their legs as they're going walking out of Eden. God was pushing them out of his presence. I don't even think they realized that's what was happening in that moment, guiding them out of there. In their life, they had always had that ability to come into his presence. And now they're losing it just in a moment. They'd never been without him. And now they would never be with him in the way they have been all their life. Total change. Lost, brokenhearted, unable to comprehend what was going on. As I was studying, I put a line here. said, "It's like having a nightmare for the first time, except it's real." We have nightmares and we wake up and we say, "I'm so glad that was a nightmare." But they're having their first nightmare and it's a reality. It's happening right there. Brother Bam would he talk about it time and time again. He'd say they're walking out and that bloody lamb skinin is slapping on their thighs as they go and they're stumbling and they're crying and they're walking along and Adam's got his arm around Eve and they're not wanting to go but there's a hand on the back of their necks pushing them and they know something bad is happening but they can't comprehend it. And something keeps pushing them and pushing them and then in a minute the hand lifts and they turn around and he's gone disappeared and standing there is an angel with a sword and maybe they come and they they try and go around and that angel moves with them. They can't see him. They can't touch Christ. They can't come back into his presence. He's disappeared. He doesn't even say goodbye. He's just gone in a moment. They cross the boundary from life into death. Separated from the presence of God, never to feel that touch again. Church, did they cry, church? I think they cried their eyes out. That hang came off and a chill goes up their back for the first time. They wonder what's going to happen. What does this death look like? Fear starts to come in for the first time. Can you imagine what's going on? Their entire being is being transformed from love into death. Life has departed. They're already dead. They just don't know it. And none of that calm, loving presence to be felt anymore. Disappeared out of their life. And they can't go back to him again. The scripture says for those that are separated from God, they always have this one feature. There's wailing and nashing of teeth. Because when you realize you've been separated from God forever, that's not something you just shrug your shoulders and say, "Ah." When it hits you that you are lost, as lost can be, and there's no coming back. That is not a time when people are going to say, "Only God can judge me. where they can say, "God knows my heart." No, you know your heart. And you'll know in that moment your heart was not right with God. That's why John wept. He saw the absolute total separation from God that we had without that book being opened. Nothing we could come back. Adam lost it that day in Eden and it went back to God because I was the original owner. Be like me sitting here and somebody comes up to me and says, "Your redemption is on the moon. You just have to build a bridge from here to the moon in your lifetime. Could we do it? If the whole world got together, we couldn't do it. We don't have enough material to get us there. We don't have the engineering skills. We don't have the money. We don't have the time. And to sit there and know that in myself I could never do it. I wouldn't even start. Wouldn't even start because I know it could never be done. That's why John was crying because he'd already been judged. Humanity being judged. There's no point in even trying. You cannot get back. None of us is worthy to take the book. That's why John was crying. He saw the value of that book. He saw the need for that book. But he saw the gap between him and that book was too big for any man to cross in this earth. You ever started something and you get into it a ways and you realize I can't do this? I've done it so many times mostly on car repairs. But there are things where you think I can do this. I've got the discipline. I've got the will. I've got the power. I've got the skills. I've got the knowhow. I've got the education. I've got the desire. and you get halfway through and you realize, I'm not going to make it through. I can't do it. I overstepped my abilities. Now, take that and tie it back to your life. And if you fail, you lose your life. And can you imagine having that slipping out of your fingers? Having to lay down your tools for the last time and say, "I've given it everything I've got and I can't do it." That's what John was feeling in this moment. I've given it everything I've got and we haven't even started to cross this gap. Imagine your only hope is in that book and God search comes back and says, "No one's found worthy. You're going to have to stay in your pain. You're going to have to stay in your sickness, your suffering, your frustration, your worry, your hurt for the rest of your life." Would you cry? I cried. John cried. All of humanity cried when they realized what they'd lost. No one worthy. Says John looked around and here sack God on the throne with a book in his hand that had been sealed with seven seals and the whole plan of redemption was in it. And it had been lost by the human race, Adam. It went back where? Satan couldn't take it. He just caused him to lose it. But where did the book go back to then? It didn't belong to the human race. The blessings didn't belong here. Here the human race had lost it. So it went right on back to its original owner. And that was God. He says here he sat with it. He called for some man, somebody to come and claim it. God wasn't saying I won't give it. He was saying if you're worthy, I'll give it. He gave us every opportunity. John looked around and there was no man in heaven, no man on earth, nobody, no angel, nothing could take the book or loose the seals or to even look on it. No man was worthy. And John said, he wept brotherly. Not only that, see, here's the thing. It's one thing to not get what you want, but now we're stuck with having to take what we don't want as well. Isn't that what life is? There's a saying that says you're born naked, hungry, and cold, and things just get work worse from there. Scripture says life is but a vapor. It's a breath. It's a moment. There's that song says life is something life is is full of trouble. That's why John's weeping. He's saying, "Is this all we've got? A life of trying, a life of trouble and nothing to show for it. What a miserable condition. I'll tell you, if that's where you think you are tonight, you're in a miserable condition. And you need this book of redemption opened up to you. If you say, "If this is all there is to life, you've missed the picture. You've missed the work of the redeeming lamb in the scripture." Amen. Trying and trying and trying and doing your best and getting nowhere. One day you'll break and you'll cry and you'll say, "Why can't I do it?" And that's a perfect time to have a redeemer come into your life. Someone has to pay the price, though. We can try and pay the price. Listen, we pay a price every day as believers, but it's not a price for this book. We couldn't ever pay it. It has to be somebody beyond us. One of us, and yet somebody beyond us. We were stuck. We were the miserable ones. We were the weak ones. We were the unworthy ones. We need somebody that's strong. We need somebody that's worthy. We need someone that's acceptable. We need somebody that's willing. We've got some pretty good people, but how much of us are even willing to do it? Someone had to take our place of weeping so we could come to a place of rejoicing. Somebody had to take our place of pain so that we could be healed. Somebody had to take our place of death so we could come into life. Somebody has to take our position. Nobody wants to do it. It was no small thing. We see Christ stepped in that day at Calvary and he took our place and we're preaching on the the the sacrifice that he paid at Calvary here tonight. And we see that this is a day of weeping. This is a night of weeping. This is a night of sorrow. The night and the the day that Jesus went through and then the night that he died and laid in that tomb, nobody left that place a happy person that loved him. Jesus wept. Mary wept. His disciples wept. His followers wept. This was a night of crying. And not a single person there except Christ himself realized that this was a night for happiness. It was a night for weeping. Not a single one realized that the price for sin had been paid. If we had, we'd have probably wept and cry. wept and laughed at the same time. It's a hard thing to do, but sometimes you're so happy you cry and sometimes you're so sad and happy at the same time. That's what it ought to have been. But it was a night of weeping and weeping and weeping. And we open with that scripture in Psalm. It said, "For his anger endureth but a moment. In his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning." We look at that his anger, his wrath is for a moment. And when we look at what Christ took, he took the full wrath of God. The full wrath, the total wrath of God. Amen. The events of his last day were on him enduring the penalty for every single sin that ever was and that ever would be for all of time. That's the price that he had to pay. You know, as children, we do something wrong. We get a spanking for a single thing. And that's a rough day, isn't it? None of us enjoys a spanking. But can you imagine if we got a spanking for everything we did? That would be rough. But what would happen if dad came to you and he said, "Daughter, son, we're going to get this all over with in a single day. I'm going to spank you for everything you have done, everything you will do, and we're just going to do it all today." How many of us would sign up for that? because you know he's going to be there for at least a day, maybe a week, just spanking and spanking and spanking. And church, if he's using his hand, both you and he are going to be raw within the first 20 minutes. And he's going to keep going and going and going. And when he's done, you're not going to be able to walk for weeks, maybe months, maybe not ever. It would destroy your body just with a slap like that for every time we did something wrong. Every crossword, every disobedient moment, every piece of broken furniture, every scratch in dad's car, every thought, every attitude, every bad reaction, every little lie. Just one spank and he'd still be there for days or weeks, maybe. Would we take it? I don't think we would. We couldn't even handle that. Now magnify that. Now say, who's going to take the spankings for everybody? Take the family. Who will take a spanking for everyone in the family? Would Jensen take the spankings for our entire group of kids? Now we're there for a month of spankings and Jensen's never going to walk again. He may not survive it. Now spread it through the entire church. Will one man stand up and take the penalty? Not on your life. Now imagine taking it for the whole world. That's the penalty that he paid. And God had to take that suffering, that pain, that wrath and compress it, compress it into 15 hours of anguish. Christ had suffered for 33 and 1/2 years. He didn't live an easy life. Everywhere he went, he was rejected. He was persecuted. Things said about him, things done to him. Had to had people try and kill him multiple times in his life, slander him. He didn't have an easy life. But in that last 15 hours or so, God took all the wrath that was supposed to be on every single person and he took it out on that man. That's the price that he paid. Isaiah 53 gives us only the briefest of insight into what happened to Christ. He said, "Who hath believed our report unto whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he, Christ the Messiah, shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of a dry ground. He had no form or comeliness, and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him." Now catch the suffering. He is despised and rejected of men. He's a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. Not just on the cross, church. This didn't start on the cross. It finished on the cross. He says, "And we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not." He said, "Surely he has borne our griefs. We taken and lifted and carried away our griefs. The grief that we should have felt, he took it away. He says, "And he carried our sorrows. He held them. He suffered them. And he endured our sorrows for us." He says, "Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted as if he had done something to deserve it." And it was what you and I did that put him there. He said, "But he was wounded for our transgressions." That word wounded does not speak of physical mauling. It means he was profained. He was defiled. He was polluted. He was desecrated. In other words, he became filthy for you and I. Remember what it says? It says that he hath made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. He became you. Our description is defiled. profigned, polluted, desecrated. That's what we were. He says he was bruised for our iniquities. That's where he got beat up. That means he was crushed. He was destroyed. He was broken. Now, catch this. For our willful disobedience. That's the killer, church. When we know better and we do it anyways. That's what he was broken for was when I won't listen. When I won't obey, when I won't do what I clearly know to do. He says, "Now, and the chastisement of our peace was upon him." That's him taking our discipline. That's him taking our spankings as we were talking about. It says, "And with his stripes, we are healed. By his wounds, by his ripped apart flesh, we receive healing." He says, "All we like sheep have gone astray." In other words, none of us can say, "No, no, no. That's not me." None of us can say, "No, no, no. I I wasn't profane." He didn't get broken. No, no. He says, "Every single one of us, we gone out of our way." He says, "We have turned everyone to his own way. Every one of us went our own way. Every one of us was lost. We had no way back, and it was our fault." He says, "And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed and he was afflicted. He was harassed and oppressed. Yet he opened not his mouth. He is brought as a lamb to the slaughter and as a sheep before her sheerers is dumb. So he openeth not his mouth. He was taken from prison and from judgment. And who shall declare his generation? For he was cut up out of the land of the living. And for the transgression of my people was he stricken. And he made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his death because he had done no violence. Neither was there any deceit in his mouth. It says, "Yet it pleased it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He hath put him to grief." We're talking about enduring the night of weeping. We look at what happened in these first 10 verses. That's a time of weeping. It's a time of weeping for Christ as he goes through it. Church, it's a time of weeping for us to realize I put him right there. It's for me that he went through that. He literally is there because I put him there. Humanity have been suffering under partial judgment for a while because under the law there has to be a consequence. But the full wrath of God was held back by the blood of bulls and goats. But now as the perfect atonement comes, the full wrath of God gets poured out. You look in the book of Isaiah and Ezekiel and Jeremiah, you see how bad God treated Israel because of their daytoday life. And that was only the partial wrath of God. It was a response to the law. But now as Christ comes up and he says, "I'm going to pay the price for sin." God says, "I've got to pour out my anger on you then." Righteous anger under the law. And that body of Christ took the full wrath of God. And that's what we just read in Isaiah 53. The full wrath of God poured out on the man of a human on a human body. You and I couldn't take that. We couldn't take it. Brother Brham would say his body was built to take it because it would have killed anybody else. And so that perfect body took the total wrath of God. You talk about a reason to cry. He couldn't die. You know, they say that's that was the the sweet mercy of of heavy torture was that eventually you died from the pain. He couldn't die from the pain. He was built to endure it. He was built to endure it. He couldn't go into sweet never. He couldn't pass out. His body was too strong to pass out. So, he had to stay awake, alive, and endure it all the way to the bitter end. He was built to take our suffering. What a horrible thing. Brother Ram says, "What did he do? The wrath of God was upon us for being sinners." Is that right? Noah can save himself. He said there's nothing we could do. We're all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, and come to the world speaking lies. And what did he do? He says he came to the earth. Hallelujah. And he treaded the wine press. All the wrath of Almighty God was poured out upon him. And it says, "Thou art worthy, oh lamb of God, for you were slain, taking the sins of the world upon him. And he bore our sin. That God poured out the fierceness of his wrath upon him. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and with his stripes we were healed. He said, "Never a man died like that man. He suffered until the blood and water separated in his body and drops of blood dropped out of his brow before his death." Just the thought of the agony separated and made him sweat blood. He says, "When we look at Christ, do you see the penalty? the only one, God himself made flesh, God coming down to the earth and took on him the sin of all of us. And the judgment and wrath of Almighty God was poured out upon his body and there it was riven at the cross. He says that's the real judgment. He tread the wine press of wrath of God alone. Then he says alone he walked the road alone. He died with not no help from an angel, from a man, from his church, from his mother, from his brethren, from his father. He was forsaken by God, man, and nature. He died alone to show us that even nature itself can't help us in the hour of death. He says there's no friend, no priest, no pope, no pastor. It's death. He says, but there was one that took it for us. He says that was the penalty. He died until the earth got ashamed of itself. He died till the stars got ashamed. He suffered until the sun wouldn't shine. He suffered till the moon turned off its lights. He suffered till even the elements of the earth were so black and dark until it was midnight. So dark you could feel it. He said, "No one's ever suffered like that or could suffer like that. There's no mortal could go through it." But he suffered through it. God laid upon him the iniquity of us all and passed its judgments upon him. And he tried the wine press of the wrath of God alone with no help. He said there was nothing to help him. That's why John was weeping was there was nothing to help him. John there was nothing to help humanity. And now one man has to come alone with no help. No help. He died alone. He died a man. He died a sinner. He says God placed the penalty. Everything was under that penalty and nothing could help him because we're all guilty. There's no high priest could have come helped him. There was nothing could help him. No pope, no angel. Everyone stood back and watched it. He said that was the greatest moment that was ever in the history of the world. He died until there was not one drop of life left in him. He said he became like the brass serpent just a crystallized ornament hanging on the cross. Every bit of life had to come out because every bit of life had to go someplace else. Hallelujah. He says he died till there was not one drop of life in him. You know, when I was looking at this scene of Calvary and the whipping post, I debated whether to share this photo I'm about to share. But if we're honest, this is nothing compared to the reality that there was. That's from that movie, The Passion of the Christ. And that's the whipping post after they've dragged him away to the left. That's not half of what would have been there because they ripped him apart. They tore the flesh off of his body so you could see his skeleton beneath it. David said, "My bones, my bones, they stare at me." That's not his hands, church. That's his body that was ripped apart by these catinetails. A whip with metal hooks embedded in it to rip the flesh off. That just shows blood. That's nothing. That's nothing compared to what that would have looked like after they finished with him. They literally tore his body apart. Remember, God tore the veil of the Holy of Holies. That was the entrance to God. But he tore apart the veil of Christ as well. He destroyed it. He He obliterated it. There was nothing left. The scripture says his face did not even resemble that of a man anymore. They took those thorns and they pressed him into his head. They punched him. They spat on him. They pulled his beard out. Even in that perfect body, he was too weak to carry the cross at the end. This is nothing compared to the reality. We're not just talking though physical pain, mental anguish. We're talking about a man that had the fullness of God inside of him. And in the garden of Gethsemane, when he drank from that cup, the spirit of God left him and the sins of the world came on him in that moment. We're talking about an assault on body, soul, and spirit, completely covered by the filth of humanity. He died a man. He died a sinner. So that at the end he said, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" Church, we're not talking he took a beating. He took total separation from God with the sins of the world on his shoulders. You know how bad you feel if you're a believer and you do something you know you really ought not to have done? Take that and multiply it by the 100red billion people that have existed so far. in a moment separated from God and those sins drop on you like that. I don't even think I could walk. I'd be overwhelmed. And yet he walked and he held himself to that whipping post. He held his mouth closed as they lied and lied and lied. As they challenged him, as they harassed him, as they beat him like a lamb led to the slaughter, he was dumb. He kept his mouth shut. It's a total changing of places. Remember I said John wept cuz he had to get to the other side and he couldn't get there. Somebody had to come over here. And this is what it looks like. This is what it looks like when somebody takes our place. He had been the habitation of God for three and a half years in perfect unity. The fullness of God inside of him. And in a moment he lost that unity. And he took your place and he took my place. No wonder he thought he'd been forsaken. His entire being, body, soul, and spirit under the wrath of God. Why would he do it? Why would he do it? We think we love. We think we sacrifice. Why would he do something like this? Willingly. Not forced. willingly. Why would he allow himself to be separated from unity with God? That's what Adam had. And now the son of God comes back a second time now. Perfect unity. And he says, "I'll give it up." Why? Paul said in Hebrews, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross." Remember we said, "Weeping may endure for the night, but joy comes in the morning." Says, "For the joy that was set before him, he endured the cross, despising the shame and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God." What is it? He saw that there was joy coming in the morning. There was going to be a night of pain. There was going to be a night of suffering. There was going to be a night of weeping. But there was something at the end that was worth more than what he was going to pay. You know, we we look for good deals where we can pay less to get more. That's what the scripture says is that the price that he paid was less than the value that he got out of it. It says he despised the shame. You know what that means? It means he looked at the shame and he looked at the joy and he said the joy is greater than the shame. This is a man that was beaten, that was stripped naked, that went and gave his life on a cross. And all of that compared to the joy, he says it's not even worth talking about today. We'd say that's what I think about that. He spit on the shame. He said, "Shame, you're not even worth thinking about compared to what's at the end, church." What's he compar What's he comparing to? What's he comparing shame to? You. You're the joy. He's saying, "Barishel, when I look at you and I look at being naked and being stripped and being beaten and being laughed at and being mocked, you're worth more to me." Sister Lydia, he said, Lydia, her value compared to this, I'll take her. I'll take her 10 times over. We sang that song at the beginning of service when he was on the cross. I was on his mind. The joy that he saw was you and I waiting for him at the end of this. And he held himself there willingly. Your value is more than 10,000 worlds. Does he love you? He loves you that he would endure this sort of thing for us. What did he see? It says he saw joy. Did he see it there? Could he see it with his eyes? Church, could he touch it? Could it comfort him as he was going through this? No. All he saw were people caught up in themselves. People that rejected him. People that turned away. People that despised him. All he could see was broken humanity with his physical eyes, despised. Nothing there was joyous to him. But remember church, he was the word made flesh. His joy was not in what he could see. His joy is what he knew in the word. So he wasn't looking to the circumstance. See, so often we're looking for the circumstance to change uses from weeping to joy. But you can go through that night of weeping with a different attitude. If you know what's coming in on the other side, it'll change our attitude. Amen. It was his personal joy to know that he was going to be raised. He had already testified this body's going to come up. Like Jonah was in the belly of a whale three days, so will the son of man. He says, "If you destroy this temple, I'll raise it up again." He had already testified that he was going to be raised. That was his personal victory. And that was a joy for him. That was a joy for him to know the victory that he had. Amen. That's why he voluntarily gave himself. He knew what was coming. But there was more to it than just him. And if we go back to Isaiah 53, we read the first 10 or nine and a half verses. But if we go and we finish it out, then we see it says, "Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He hath put him to grief." And but then it says, "When that's all done, when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand." The Amplified says, "Yet the Lord was willing to crush him, causing him to suffer. If he will give himself as a guilt offering, an atonement for sin, he shall see something, his spiritual offspring. He shall prolong his days, and the will, the good pleasure of the Lord shall succeed and prosper in his hands." When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. He went to his death with Isaiah 53 in his mind that said, "Listen, it's not just one, but except the corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, they can't have the rest of it." So he's looking at Isaiah 53:10. He says, "When I go down, then I'm going to see a seed that comes out of this. I'm going to see an offspring that comes up with me." That's the joy. That's the victory that he was looking at. Why? The word told him. Everything in front of him screamed, "You'll never see it." His own had abandoned him. Those that said, "I'll never leave you. I'll give my life. I'll go to prison." All gone. But the word said, "They're coming. And if you'll go down, they'll come up with you." And he did that. And he died with this in the forefront of his mind. Brother Brandham said that the church is his victory. It's not just him that rose, but it's a church that rises in victory with him. Amen. And he could see us waiting at the finish line. Bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, spirit of his spirit. And that's the joy that he held in front of him. The scripture says that he says, "Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave his life for it." He saw what was waiting at the end. He saw a bride without spot or wrinkle redeemed back to her position with him. Not just in relationship but in fellowship. That's what he died for. His love for you. His love for you is what held him at that cross, church. And he believed the word enough to lay his life down. He put his body on the line. He put his soul on the line. He put his spirit on the line. And he said, "Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit." And he rested on the word. He rested that the promise of the word would come forth if he would lay down his life willingly. Church, God's not asking us to do anything he hasn't done himself. He laid his life down. He believed his own word. He rested on his own word. He acted on his own word. He had faith in his own word. And then he gave himself over completely to it. He says, "He shall see the travail of his soul and shall be satisfied. And by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many for he shall bear their iniquities." Church, it's a good thing when God's satisfied. You know, we think we're satisfied. And then what happens? The satisfaction fades. Why? Because much craves more. This flesh is never satisfied. But when God is satisfied, that means he's full and he's never going to need it again. And here the wrath of God was satisfied. Which means he can never turn it on you again. It's done. It's finished. Remember Calvary settled the sin question forever. The wrath of God cannot fall on the bride. She's already been judged in him. Now what you can get is chastisement. And that's to correct your behavior. That's not judgment. That's correction because he loves us. Amen. But God's requirement have been met in Christ. As we read in Psalms 30, his anger endures but a moment. In his favor is life and weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. It says, "For his anger endures but a moment." That moment means an instant, a wink of an eye. It's a fleeting time. Then it says, "Weeping may endure for a night." I I had to laugh a bit at this when I read it. It says it stays overnight in your house like an unwelcome guest. Now, I don't know if you've ever had an unwelcome guest, but the most wonderful thing about an unwelcome guest is when they leave. And if you know they're leaving, it takes you through the night. What's he saying? He's saying, "Listen, what you go through go through, it's just for a moment. If you can only see it the way God sees it, it's just for a moment. The hard times we go through, it's just for a moment. But in the morning, it'll leave like the unwelcome guest. And joy comes. What is a moment compared to eternity? We get 70, 80 years. Maybe we get 90 these days. Compared to eternity, it's nothing. But boy, when we're going through it, Satan knows how to take a moment and turn it into a year. Isn't that right, Brother Grant? It seems never ending. Can you imagine Christ and everything in this world, all the sin and the pain and the suffering amplified into that body? In a moment, I'm sure it felt like eternity. You know, when you're going through something really painful, maybe you're at a a doctor getting a procedure, you know, when you go and you you go to a dentist and they've got to put the needles in your mouth to deaden you. Doesn't that moment seem to last a while? That sharp shooting pain before it goes numb and you're go trying to get through it. It only lasts about five or six seconds, but those five or six seconds feel like an hour because the pain is just so sharp and you can't get away from it. And you know, you have to endure it to get to the blissful numbing that comes at the end of it. In the big picture, church, this is just a moment, but sometimes it feels like an eternity. And when we feel it's getting into an eternal state, it's usually because we've lost the eternal view. We haven't looked at what the word says about it. We haven't looked for the joy that comes in the morning because we're so caught up in the weeping that endures for a night. This hardship passes and what comes afterwards, church, is so great, we won't remember it. Scripture says he's going to wipe every tear from our eye. There'll be no memory. Hallelujah. No memory of all those exams, brother Garfield. Of all those family issues, of all those nights wondering what's going to happen, of all those frustrations and frustrations, broken fellowship, broken lives, broken pieces, failed expectations. It'll all be gone in a moment. They say that a mother quickly forgets, not immediately, but quickly forgets the pain of childbirth when she starts to hold that baby. Now, I can't say for sure. I think it hurts for a while after that, but the memory of the pain goes away because they're caught up in the life that's there afterwards. It's the joy that comes afterwards. It amazes me. I've been at the birth of all of my children and it amazes me how quickly that mother transitions from pain to taking care and the love of that child and it overwhelms them and that's all they care about. Let me have my baby. Let me hold my baby. Let me take care of my baby. Let me keep my baby warm. Let me feed my baby. And all the pain just goes out. That's what it's supposed to be like. He says, "Therefore," now this is God prophesying now forward from the crucifixion, forward from his resurrection. He says, "Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong, because he hath poured out his soul unto death, and he was numbered with the transgressors, and he bear the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors." It was but a moment about 15 hours they say from the time he was arrested to the time that he died. Then he had about 40 hours of death if we want to call it that way and then he rose from that again. But on the basis of this scripture there's others I know but on the basis of what the word said about him Christ laid down his life. It said he would inherit a great portion and there be others that would inherit it with him. It wasn't selfish. He already had it. But now he's got to come claim you and I cuz he didn't want it alone. He didn't want it alone. So he comes down and he lays down his life. Amen. That was his own bride. That was souls that were lost. It would seem souls not yet born. Died for people that were not yet come into reality in this earth. He laid down his life for every single one of them. I want to close with this one thought this evening. We go back to Revelation 5. John's weeping and weeping and weeping. Said, "And one of the elders saith unto me, weep not. Stop crying, John. The lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, had prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof." He says, ' And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven or horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth unto all the earth. He said, "Don't cry, John. The lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed." That word prevail means he's overcome. He's conquered. He's gained the victory. But when you look at what prevailing means in the life of Christ, it's not quite we would expect because we talk about overcoming power a lot. The seven church ages has a group of people in every age that overcome. And we look at it as power. We look at as authority, as authority, but they overcome by the life that they live. And it's not them that lives, but it's Christ that lives in them. But when we look at Christ and his overcoming, his prevailing, you'll notice that it says that he overcame sin every day. And that's what made him worthy. But he did not prevail until he took care of your sins as well. He was worthy because he never sinned. But he overcame when he took on your sins. He overcame when he took your place. His prevailing was to take your place, church. His victory was taking your place. What did his prevailing look like? Being torn apart. Weeping, crying, groaning in agony. So beat till he didn't look like a man. Till every ounce of blood dropped out of his body. That's what his prevailing looked like. His nature is a lion. And he laid aside his nature to become a lamb. And he prevailed by keeping his mouth shut rather than speaking the word out. He laid down his very nature, his conquering, ruling, authoritarian nature, and he became meek and mild to prevail where you and I couldn't do it. His night of sorrow, his night of weeping, his enduring through that night is what helps us get that book in our possession again. And you go back and we're not going to touch on it tonight. We're going to close here. You look at this. When they said this, John goes from a weeping prophet to a shouting prophet. Why? Cuz somebody prevailed where I couldn't prevail. Cuz somebody overcame where I couldn't overcome. Cuz somebody sacrificed in a way that I could never sacrifice. And John saw that book and he saw somebody come and take the book and loos the seals. Now he didn't start reading it, but he loosed the seals. And that meant redemption was coming. Full redemption was coming. And that's when John started to praise. Weeping had turned to joy in the morning. God bless you. The musicians would come. The brothers can start to get ready for communion. Why is John shouting? Cuz that bridge from Earth to the moon has just been built. That thing that nobody could do. Let's stand if we would. That thing that nobody could do, it's been done. Can you imagine if you knew we needed that bridge to the moon and you woke up one morning and the bridge was there? What would you do? You'd say, "We're saved. We're saved. Everyone come look. We're saved." You talk about a worship service. You talk about a a jubilee. That's what we have tonight is we have a bridge that's made between God and man. Back to our original condition. back to our relig our original relationship. Back to our original fellowship, back to our original authority and back to our original nature. All of it restore back. But the thing is, it wasn't just when he died. He has to rise again. And that's what we'll go into on Sunday, Lord willing. That's the joy in the morning. Because if he only died, the price is paid. But we still be of all men most miserable. But when he rose, what did he do? He proved the power of the spirit of God for the church of Christ so that she could have the same effect in their life that he had in his. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, how wonderful it is, Lord, to think of the price that you paid, Lord, to see how you stepped out of glory, Lord. You stepped out of rulership. You stepped out of perfection and holiness and righteousness, Lord. And you came down and you became us so that we could become you, Lord. We can never thank you enough. We can never praise you enough. But Lord, I pray that in the little things that we do with this life, Lord, that it'd be a pleasing sacrifice to you to give thanks for all that you've done, Lord God. Lord, when I think about what that night must have been, Lord, I cannot imagine. Lord, I can't imagine holding myself to a whipping post while they tear me apart, Lord. And in it, not just to endure it, Lord, but to have a right attitude throughout it, Lord. What love it is that kept you there, Lord. We are unworthy of it tonight. But Lord, we are so thankful for the free gift you gave us. Lord, let our lives, Lord, reflect that love gift you gave. Lord, as we thank you for your sacrifice tonight, Lord, as we commemorate, Lord, your death tonight and the price that was paid, the blood that was shed so that we could go free. Lord, I pray you help us never forget it day by day. Lord, let us testify to all that we see that there's a way that's been made back, Lord, through the shed blood of Calvary. Lord, we thank you. Lord, we love you. Lord, we can't say it enough, Lord. how much we appreciate what you did. But Lord, we'll do our best. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness, Lord, for your longsuffering. Lord, thank you for power to live an overcoming life. Lord, that you sent Lord, you didn't just die, but you rose again and you sent that same spirit right back into your bride, Lord, to raise her up into heavenly places. Lord, bless us now. We pray, Lord, as we go into this communion service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. We know that song, Worthy, the Lamb That Was Slain. It's an older hymn, 303. Just take pull it up there quickly. 303. Hear the cries of the shackled. Do we know that? Yes. There we go. Hear the Can you start for me? Hear the Yes. Snow key. See? No, that's not it, is it? From the onset of for the chains of defeat, there's no key. See the tears of the broken, the cries of the slaves. Is there no one worthy to set us free? Then the Christ is still as the chorus rings out. Oh, the shackle release from their chain. [Music] And thousands of voices are swelling the song. Oh, worthy the lamb that was slain. Oh worthy, worthy. Oh worthy. The lamb that was slain. Oh worthy. [Music] Worthy, worthy. The lamb that was slain. Then all the archangels, the saints of all time. holding their crowns in their hands. will fall down before him, joining the song. Oh worthy, worthy the lamb. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy. In the land that was slain. Oh, [Music] worthy. Worthy, worthy. The lamb ever [Music] slain. Let's sing down from his glory. 244. Down from his glory, everlings glory. My God and Savior and Jesus was his name foranger to his own strange A man of sorrow tears and oh I love how I adore you. I bring my silver by all the great [Music] creator became my savior. and all of God's [Music] provision bringing us redemption. And in the day of night, God made his son. God gracious. He laid aside his spend. [Music] still to wait to save my soul. [Music] Oh, how I adore you. I will shine. [Music] I the great creation. He came my savior and [Music] all in [Music] Oh, he to the Lord of heaven. [Music] He glorious. [Music]
