################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-17 - 20250817 - The Token Life Pt 77 -The Mystery, Finished Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-17
Title:    20250817 - The Token Life Pt 77 -The Mystery, Finished Pt 2 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJACru4XMls
========================================

Description:
Quotes and Scriptures: https://drive.google.com/file/d/18Py9u0FJ6w2ryDuypZ0b2k7z984bww9Y/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] My Jesus. My savior stand. None like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Yes. Amen. My compar, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. My dreams bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Amen. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise. The wonders of your mighty love. Praise the Lord. My comfort, my shelter, power of reuge and strength. Let every breath Amen. all that I am. Never cease to worship. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down the sea as the Amen. Your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. Shout to the Lord. Shout to the Lord on the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down in the sea. &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stay. Praise the Lord. Nothing compares to the promise I have. You and I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing faith compares to the promise I have in you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's worthy of our praise. Amen. Let's uh sing 11:34. It is uh my redeemer is faithful and true. Amen. Trust believe that this morning. Amen. and he's proved himself in our lives so many times. Amen. I'm going to ask brother Mark just to come and open in prayer this morning. And uh remember to pray for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord. And uh we continue to pray for brother Dale. Uh I did speak to him uh during the week and uh he told me that he's been uh referred over now from the oncologist to the Canadian cancer uh care uh society or or group whatever it is. So he's feeling more pain. So we just want to remember him in prayer at this time. Also, of course, uh, Sister Laura Snow and Cherylyn Pery, uh, Brother Doug, Sister Beverly, and all the saints around the island. God's grace to each one. Sister Melody is, uh, she's got a throat infection, so they won't be here today. So, we remember her and brother Kingsley and the baby, of course. And brother David is in Trilling, so I want to remember him as well. and pray for the special meetings of course that was mentioned uh earlier so we don't want to remember uh brother Aaron as he brings the word of the lord so as he travels as well and we thank the lord for answering prayer concerning all those those obstructions that the devil was trying to throw up but uh god's great at removing the roadblocks so we thank the Lord for that amen so let's uh sing this my redeemer is faithful and true and brother Michael lead us in prayer [Music] My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. Amen. Every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful. Yes. Praise the Lord. My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; His mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful. &gt;&gt; Let's sing it one more time. My redeemer redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. Every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and true. Amen. Heavenly Father, we stand before you once more, Lord, and we ask, Lord, your grace upon us, Lord, as we just bow before you, Lord. And Lord, just humble ourselves to your word, Lord. And your presence here among us, Lord. And we're thankful so much, Lord, that you've come, Lord, and revealed yourself in its fullness, Lord, in this hour, Lord. And we're thankful for the grace of God, Lord, in our lives, Lord. And that we can see, Lord, the things that are happening, Lord, and seeing, Lord, the changes that are taking place, Lord, according to your word, Lord, in this last day. So we're so grateful Lord and we would just want to give you the preeminence commit ourselves fully unto you Lord that you would Lord just walk Lord in the midst Lord hear that you would be with us in this service and be with brother John Lord as he ministers uh the word Lord we just ask we just remember again those that are not with us Lord we just remember each one Lord and especially remember brother Dale at this time Lord with his need Lord for cancer Lord and we know Lord you're greater than the cancer. Lord, your will be done, oh God, Lord, in his life. We just pray. And we just remember those mentioned here, Sister Lorie Snow and Cherylyn Ben Lyn Percy. And remember also Sister Melody and Brother David. And we ask Lord your grace Lord that you would just also Lord just remember the upcoming services and brother Aaron Oglesby. And we just ask Lord your grace Lord that you would just Lord just work in marvelous way Lord Lord just bring us Lord your word and Lord the message you have for us in this hour. So we ask Lord your grace again for brother John as he comes to minister bless each need Lord today we pray in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Listen 1176. It's constantly abiding. There's a peace in my heart that the world never gave. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] There's a peace in my heart that the world never gave. a peace it cannot take away. Though the trials of life face around like a cloud, I have a peace that has come to stay. Gently abiding. Amen. Jesus is my constantly abiding raptor divine. [Music] He never leaves me lonely. Whispers oh so kind. I will never leave thee. Jesus is mine. All the world seemed to sing of a savior and king. When peace sweetly came to my heart, troules all fled away. When my night turned to day, blessed Jesus, how glorious thou art. Amen. Constantly abiding. Jesus is my God. The day abiding rapuri. Amen. [Applause] Everly with lonely whispers oh so kind. I will never leave thee. Jesus is mine. This treure I have in a temple of clay. while here on his foot still our own. But he's coming to take me some glorious day over there to my heavenly home. Amen. Constantly [Music] abiding. Amen. Jesus is my God simply abiding. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Divine. Praise the Lord. He never leaves me lonely. Whispers all so kind. Amen. I will never leave thee. Jesus is mine. Amen. All the world seemed to sing of a savior and king when peace sweetly came to my heart. Trles are fled away and my night turned to day. Blessed Jesus, how glorious thou are constantly abide. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. constantly [Music] abiding after divine. Amen. He never leaves me lonely, whispers of songs. Amen. I will never leave thee. Jesus is mine. Constantly abiding. Amen. Jesus is my constantly abiding. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. He never leaves me. Hallelujah. Oh, so come. Praise the Lord. I will never leave thee. Jesus is. Let's sing it again. Praise the Lord. Constantly abiding. Jesus is mine. Constantly abiding. Hallelujah. Divine. And he never leaves me lonely. Whispers oh so kind. Hallelujah. I will never leave. Jesus is mine. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. That's a promise that we can rest in that he will never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing 760. He is here. Elijah's God is with us today or is in us today. He's here. Elijah's God is in us today. He's here to will and do whatever we say. Behold the bride of Christ in cold rain. He's near. Elijah's God is near. She walks in step with the revealed word of the hour. She talks and demons flee before her very power. Behold the bride. Amen. He's here. Elijah's got him. Amen. Oh, he's here. Elijah's God is in us today. He's here to will and do whatever we say. Behold the bride of Christ in full. He's here and I God is near. She walks in step with the revealed word of the hour. She talks and demons flee before her very power. Behold the bride united with the groom. He's here. Elijah's God is here. He's here. He's here. Elijah's God is in us. Amen. He's here. to will and do whatever we say. Behold the bride of Christ and pull the rain. He's here. Elijah's she walks and she walks in step with the revealed word of the hour. She talks and demons flee before her very power. And all the rock can guide him with the gro. He's there. Elijah's God is here. Amen. Praise the Lord. 12:49. In the presence of the Lord there is peace. Amen. In the presence of the Lord there is love. In the presence of the Lord there is peace. In the presence of the Lord there is healing. Lord, I stand in your presence with my heart and with my whole hallelujah. Lord, I love you with my whole heart. And I will love you. And I will love you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. In the presence of the Lord, there is love. Hallelujah. In the presence of the Lord, there is peace. In the presence of the Lord, there is healing. Yes, Lord. I stand in your presence. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And with my whole heart. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, I love you with my whole heart. Oh, and I will love you. And I will be the way. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And in the presence of the Lord, there is love. In the presence of the Lord, there is peace. Amen. Hallelujah. In the presence of Hallelujah. Amen. Lord, I stand in your presence with my heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; And with my whole heart. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, I love you with my whole &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And I will love you. And I will love you with my heart and with my whole heart. Lord, I love you with my whole heart. And I will love you. Yes, Lord. And I will love you. Hallelujah. In the presence of the Lord. Hallelujah. In the presence of the Lord, there is love. In the presence of the Lord, there is peace. In the presence of the Lord, there is healing. Lord, I said, "Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And with my whole Oh, hallelujah. Lord, I love you with my whole heart. And I will love you. And I will love you with my heart. Amen. And with my heart. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, I love you with my heart. Hallelujah. And I will love you, Lord. And I will. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Love him with our whole heart. Let's sing. You shall love the Lord. Don't remember the don't remember the number. You shall love the Lord. I think it's 1260 or something like that. Oh, there you go. You shall love the Lord with all your heart. heart. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love Hallelujah. Oh, help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. And you shall love the Lord with all your heart. Amen. You shall love the Lord with all your soul. You shall love the Lord with all your mind, with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you. for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, help love you more with all my heart, all my soul, with all my Lord, I love you, oh Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. Oh, help me love you more with all my heart, with all my soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing it again. Lord, I love you. Oh Lord, I love you for all the things you are. Lord, I love you for all the things you do. Lord, I love you. All love you more with all my heart, with all my soul, with all my mind. Hallelujah. 10:57. I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me. Amen. I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow. my finger on the rock. Hallelujah. I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot show me. In your presence, oh God, in your presence, that's where I am. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace, in the breath of the rock. Hallelujah. in your presence. Oh God, I want to hide where the flood of evil can arise. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to be where the gates of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. In your presence, that's where life is drawn. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where praise the Lord. Oh, seeking your face, touching our praise. Oh, hallelujah. In the rock. Amen. Hallelujah. In your presence, oh God, I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me. Where my feet are on the far. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to hide where the cars of this world get out. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, in your presence. &gt;&gt; That's where I am strong. In your presence. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. in your presence [Music] when I Yes. Amen. Seeking your hallelujah. Touching your grace. Amen. In your presence. Oh God, I want to hide. I want to hide where the blood of evil cannot. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Where I'm covered by the blood. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I want to be away when this darkness cannot touch me in your presence. Amen. Let's all stand. In your presence, [Music] that's where I am. In your presence. Hallelujah. Lord my God in your presence that's where I belong. Amen. Seeking your face [Music] your grace. Hallelujah. In the cl of the rock. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. In your presence, oh God. In your presence. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. It's in your presence, oh God, and in your presence. [Music] That's where I am strong. In your presence, [Music] oh Lord my God, in your presence, [Music] that's where I belong. seeking your face. Touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. In your presence, oh God, and in your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord, in your presence after I seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the God, it's in your presence, oh God. Amen, Lord Jesus. Lord, that's the only place of peace. It's the only place of rest. It's our only assurance, Lord. It's our only comfort, Lord. It's when we're with you, Lord. Lord, when we can rest in the shelter of your wings, in the shadow of the rock that was smitten for our sins, Lord Jesus, Lord, when we're back where we came from, Lord, I pray you help us to lift our eyes a little higher today, Lord, to see where we belong, Lord, to see what is our inheritance, our birthright. Lord, the place of perfect unity and rest is only with you, Lord. It's through your word. It's through your spirit, Lord. It's when it all comes together, Lord. It's the unity of the faith, Lord, that draws us back into the perfection that we came out of in your mind in the very beginning of all things, heavenly father. So, Lord, I pray you take us once again in this service. Lord, may you bring us closer to you. Lord, help us to separate all the more from the world and the things of this world, from our mind, our thoughts, our ideas, our preferences, our feelings. Lord, all the things, Lord, that would hold us back. Let us lay it down today, Lord, so we could be in your presence, Lord, under the hearing of your word. Grant us grace, Lord, grant us grace to see you today, Lord. Bless your people now, Lord. We pray their worship's been acceptable, Lord. That their praise has been, Lord, a a sweet savor in your in your in your nose, Lord. That it's been a wonderful time for you. But Lord, now we're asking you to speak, Lord. For the main event is when you talk, Lord, when you come and you reach into our lives, Lord, and you trim and you cut and you do the surgery, Lord, that takes away those things that hinder us back, Lord, and sets us free, Lord, to serve you in a greater way, Lord. I pray your word would do some surgery here in our lives tonight, Lord. That we would willingly lay ourselves down before you. Grace to us now, each one we pray, Lord God, in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn if you would to Colossians 1. Certainly enjoyed listening to the song service in there this morning. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. It's good to see each one. Good to see the whiffins with us again. Good to see brother Garfield. He looks like he's going to a wedding. Maybe he should be preaching instead of me up here this morning. But it's good to see him. Good to see each one that's here. Amen. And most of you probably would have seen the email this morning from Brother Matt notifying about the special meetings and the and the schedule. So, we've got no service on Friday, as you know, but Friday night at 7:00, Saturday at 5:30 in the evening, and then Sunday at 11 as our usual time. We'll also have a brunch here at the church in the fellowship hall at 10:30 on Saturday. And then we'll have our fellowship, our food after the service on Sunday as we always do. So, each one's always welcome for that. Amen. We trust each one can make it. Amen. We want to thank the Lord for the rain. Amen. We really got hammered there for that while and it certainly helped dampen things down and slow it down. So, we have no evacuation uh alerts, you know, for this local area and it's cut things back I see on Conception Bay North and whatnot. So, we thank the Lord for that. We also thank the Lord. It wasn't looking so good for us getting our preacher in for next weekend because of the strike, but uh the federal government has declared that they have to go into binding arbitration. So, they have to maintain service in the meantime. So, by God's grace, we're trusting Brother Aaron will be able to come in and minister for us next weekend. Of course, his wife, Sister Lydia, will be with us as well. Amen. So, just keep that in prayer and uh that the Lord would just move in a special way that uh lives would be changed, hearts would be filled. Amen. That people would see themselves in the light of the word. Amen. And see who they are. Amen. Colossians chapter 1 verse 25 says, "Whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations, but is now made manifest to his saints." I want you to notice who the manifestation is to. There's only one group going to know it, and it's his saints. the manifestation, the revealing, the reality of it is to the chosen elect people. Others will see it, but they won't recognize it for what it is. Amen. Unless they're a part of that group. I'm not talking about a a church or a group. I'm talking about the elect lady, the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. She spread all over this world. Amen. I'm talking about those that have something in them that God put in them. Those are the ones that will see it, that will have the reality of it, that will recognize it. He says, "To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory?" And I'll read verse 28 as well. He says, "Whom we preach, warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom with what purpose? That we may present every man, every man perfect in Christ Jesus." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats again this morning. And I'm taking another service I started. We're still in our series on the Holy Ghost, the token life. And we started this this uh title of the mystery finished in in in our service uh last week, but we want to continue there on the foundation that we laid there. And I highly recommend if you didn't listen to that, if you weren't here, please go listen to it because it's easy to get left behind. If we're only catching snippets here and there, we're going to have misunderstandings. We're going to miss things. It's not maybe going to make sense the way we ought to. It'd be like going and writing an an algebra test and you didn't do your multiplication and your addition beforehand. You've got to know what the basics are before you move into the heavier things. And so when we set a foundation, it's because as we build on it, I can't go back and explain everything again. I I preach it as a as to set it up in a in a way that makes sense and flows cleanly. And so I recommend you go back and listen to that. But we spoke last service. I'll just do a brief kind of synopsis of where we were about the choosing of God and that he has a predestinated and an ordained people. Amen. He has a family. He has a bride that's elected by him. And that happened a long time before we ever came into existence. Amen. It happened in his mind and then he spoke it out by his word. And then we see that he created Adam in his image. So what Adam is is a reflection of what God is. And so God made this man in his image. And then he said, "Hey, it's not good for man to dwell alone." And so he took a part out of that man. And from that part, he made a woman. And that woman was an expression of the man. Amen. The woman was an expression of Adam. She wasn't all of Adam, but everything that she was was Adam. There was nothing in her that wasn't Adam. Everything that she was built out of, the same DNA, the same block. She was bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, and and everything that she had came from Adam. And so she was Adam. But she was just a portion, a partial expression of Adam. But nonetheless, she was a manifestation of Adam. Her identity was in Adam. Amen. Her name was in Adam. Her design was in Adam. Everything she had was tied back to Adam. And it was a beautiful type of Christ and his bride today. Amen. What God said was good for Adam was what God had in his own heart to produce for himself. Amen. And the process that God used for Adam is the same process that God is using for his bride today. And then afterwards we spoke of Zion the which is always a reference to the bride of Christ in the scripture. And we read there in Psalms how it said that she is the chosen dwelling place of God and how God said he would clean the filth out of her and he would make her a place for his rest. Amen. We spoke how we were chosen to be holy and blameless before God. Not that we were chosen because we were holy. We were chosen to become holy. Amen. He didn't choose us based on our condition. He chose us based on what he thought of us before the foundation of the world. Amen. So we are choosing to be holy and that's by the working of God in our life. It's the washing of water by the word and it's the covering of the blood of Jesus Christ. And then we read the scripture where it said that Zion cannot be removed forever. In other words, she's in place. She cannot change. Amen. Nothing can destroy her. Nothing can keep her from becoming the resting place, the dwelling place of God. She will be his dwelling place forever. That is the promise to the bride of Christ. But the point we were making in all of this was to understand the eternal nature of the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. She is elected because she was in his mind before the foundation of the world. It was his choosing. And he wrote the names of those people in the lamb's book of life. Before they ever did good, before they did evil, before they made a mistake, before they accepted him, he wrote their names as individuals in the Lamb's book of life. The only chapter where you cannot have a name removed. &gt;&gt; Every name's written, but many can be removed. But in the Lamb's book of life, they are written, and they cannot be removed. They're engraved in the palms of his hand. They're written with his own blood. It cannot be erased. Amen. They are secure. And so, nothing can stop them. Nothing can break them. Nothing can hold them back. Nothing can overcome them forever. Church, you're going to be fighting things until the day that we leave here, but nothing will hold you back from going in that resurrection and that rapture if your name is written in the Lamb's book of life. Amen. Can you say amen this morning? That's what we're preaching this morning. This is the end of this, not this service, but this is the apex of this whole series on the Holy Ghost. And it's to bring us to our original position that we had in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. That's what the spirit of God is here to do is to quicken us to what he said we are, who we said we are, and to bring a reality of that into our life. Amen. That is the birthright. That is the inheritance of the bride of Christ because she is a part of the word of God. &gt;&gt; Scripture says, "Let every man's word be a lie." But he says, "My word can never fail." And when you're tied into that word, when you're a part of that word, it means that there's an overcoming gene that's put inside of you that cannot fail. Listen, you might lose a battle, but you won't lose the war. &gt;&gt; Amen. This flesh may win from time to time, but you're not going to lose the war. Amen. We have our temporary issues. We have our failings. We have our bad decisions. We have our separations. We have these mistakes every day. According to Romans 7, Paul a prophet to the age said, "I do the things that I don't want to do and I don't do the things I want to do." But there came a day where there was a change in his life where he started winning more than he was losing. &gt;&gt; Amen. A Corinthian has to turn into Ephesians at some point. &gt;&gt; We got to come to a place where the spirit of God has a conquering attitude in our life. Amen. Where what we have is greater than that which we were born with. Cuz we're under a new birth now. We're under a new creation. We're under a new order. We're under a new covenant that changes the way we operate. And it's an overcoming spirit that's inside of us. Why? Cuz it's a word gene that's being raised up. It's a word seed that's coming up. And nothing can stop it once it comes to life. It may just be a little stock today, but it's got to be a great restored tree pretty soon. And that cannot be overcome by the winds of life and the storms of life and these different things. Amen. We have our temporary failings. But we see that when we look in the scripture that what God is seeing is faith in the bride because the blood of Jesus covers all of those temporary things. We have the washing of water by the word. Remember when Jesus was having communion with his disciples and footwashing and he says, "Listen, you're clean every wit. You're clean every part, but your feet get dirty just in day-to-day life. And there's a washing that has to happen. And that's our day-to-day mistakes, our failures, the things we see. We don't go looking for it, but we see it. Whatever it is, there's a washing that happens. And the blood of Jesus covers those things. And so, all that God can see through that blood is the eternal portion of you, the faith portion inside of that. We look into Hebrews 11 and we see that Abraham made a lot of mistakes, but all God could see through the blood is by faith. By faith. By faith. Abraham did exactly what I told him to do. Amen. When you look at Abraham and Sarah in Hebrews 11, it does not see their mistakes, their manipulation, their failures, their fallings, their lies. All it sees is by faith, by faith, by faith, they achieved what I told them to achieve. They believe what I told them to believe and then I produce by faith the thing that they were holding on to. Amen. All you could see through God's eyes is that they believed and they acted on his word. church, that ought to give us some confidence this morning that through the blood, all he can see is the eternal faith of God coming through us to produce his word. Amen. Hallelujah. In Hebrews 11, God doesn't see Abram. See, he was born Abram. But in Hebrews 11, the name Abram is never mentioned. All that's mentioned is Abraham, the new creation, the name of God that was added to his name to make him a part of the word. All that we saw, we don't see Sarai. We say Sarah. Why? Because in the through the blood of Christ, all he can see is that name from before the foundation of the world. All he can see is the child of God, not the child of hell that this flesh is. &gt;&gt; He can't see the temporal. All he can see is the eternal through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. So all he could see them in in Hebrews 11 is their promised condition, &gt;&gt; not their natural condition. Hallelujah. I'll take that every day. I'll take that every day that that's all he can see. All he could see was their faith in possession of the word of God. &gt;&gt; That's where you're standing this morning. Amen. That's what the blood of Jesus does is it filters out the temporary and it brings the eternal into focus. Amen. It's a wonderful thing to be a child of God. I say, "Praise the Lord this morning." Amen. That's the beauty of the scriptures though is that we can look backwards and we can see what God did, what God promised, and how he fulfilled it and the people that were involved and we see it in a way that they couldn't. They couldn't see everything in the big picture like that. Amen. We have that perfect hindsight today because we can see in the scriptures how God made the promise and then we can see the process God put those people through and then we can see the fulfillment. Now, we're preaching on the mystery finished, and the mystery finished is going to be the bride of Christ. But we have to see how the other previous mysteries were finished so we can understand how our mystery is going to be finished as well. Amen. If we can understand how they had it happen, we can understand how we can have it to happen. And the goal is for us to see it while it's happening rather than look behind and say, "There it was." Because a bride has to be in the presence of the I am, not the I was or the I will be. She's got to see the the risen Christ in her midst. Amen. And a bride that's ready for a rapture has to know what's going on. Amen. She has to understand what's going on. And so we go back to our opening scripture where Paul says, "I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God. According to the plan of God, according to the timing of God, which is given to me to you for what purpose?" Why does Paul receive a message? This is not Peter's message. &gt;&gt; This is not Peter's message. Peter's message came from Jesus Christ. Now Paul Paul goes into the desert of Arabia for three and a half years. The Holy Spirit comes down and teaches him the full gospel of Jesus Christ. Not just salvation, not just baptism, not just the Holy Ghost, but he gives him the full mystery of God that's been hidden. Why? Because the previous mysteries finished. It was finished in Christ. Now there's a further revealing that's got to happen. There's a mystery that's got to be open. And Paul says, "This mystery, this this gospel I'm giving is given to me to fulfill the word of God in you." &gt;&gt; Amen. Notice this. Paul's message is the message to all gentile ages. It's to all ages. Amen. That's the message we'll be judged by. That's what Paul said in Romans 2:16. He says, "The whole world will be judged by my gospel." So, there's no shifting away from this. This is it. This is all we've got. Amen. But the purpose of f Paul's message is to fulfill, to complete, to accomplish, to perfect the word of God. And I want you to catch that because we know the word of God is not spoken just so God can hear his voice. God's not sitting there because he enjoys the sound of his own voice. But he speaks because he's got something to produce. And when he speaks, he speaks with intention. And it cannot go out unless it and come back unless it's fulfilled what he he said about it. Amen. God speaks so that something will happen. So what is the fulfillment of God that Paul is talking about here? He says this is all given to me to fulfill the word of God. What was the purpose of all that God had done to that point? He says even this the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations. But now now is made manifest to his saints. The mystery was hidden all through time. People didn't have a clue what was going on. They just thought it catch this. They just thought it was life. They just thought it was the way things were going. They just thought it was a good day. They just thought it was a bad day. They just thought it was a bad decade. They just thought it was life. Amen. They thought it was an experience. Maybe they thought it was God moving here or God moving there for with no particular rhyme or reason. The mystery was there. The pieces were there, but nobody could put the whole thing together. People just had a part here and a part there, but the puzzle wasn't completed. And so it was hidden for the big picture was hidden from everyone's eyes. Now Paul says here there's a people that's going to see it and they're not just going to see it but they're going to fulfill it. They're going to be the puzzle itself and they're going to see the big picture for what it is. Amen. He's not just saying you're going to see it and receive it, but you're going to fulfill it. In other words, this is a participation sport, church. We're not sitting in church just hearing the word, but we're there to fulfill what we hear in our lives by the power of the Holy Spirit quickening it. Amen. We are the happening. We are the event. We are the pieces of the puzzle that reveal this mystery. He says what? To whom God would make known. Here's the whole thing. He says, "What is the riches of the glory of this mystery?" Who's he making it known to? You. You're here to know the glory of the riches of this mystery among the Gentiles. God's been hiding through all the ages, through all the generations. It's a people with God working in them. &gt;&gt; It's a people chosen and elect to fulfill the word for their day. Amen. It's Christ in you. It's God in flesh. a revealing of the bridegroom through his bride the way that Eve was a revealing of Adam at the very beginning. That's what's going on through all of this. Amen. And it's the greater glory. It's the glorification of the unity of Christ with his bride. Amen. There's a oneness that must happen. And it is a an invisible union between the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. She is bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, and spirit of his spirit. It's one and the same thing. She is him. She is not all of him, but she is him. Amen. She's the mystery revealed that God's been hiding all along in types and shadows throughout the Old Testament. Paul would say this in the Corinth second Corinthians. He says, "For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of men's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power." See, he's revealing the mystery. But the m mystery isn't coming by slick preaching or by entertainment or by charisma. No, it's coming by the power of the Holy Spirit. It's the word being revealed from heaven. Amen. He says, "Why that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God?" He says, "How be it we speak wisdom among them that are perfect, them that are mature." He says, "Yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world that come to not." He says, "But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery." In other words, in something that is not apparent or obvious to everyone. He says, uh, in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, the mystery that's been hidden in all ages and generations, he says, which God ordained when? before the world. Unto whose glory? Unto our glory. I say glory this morning that God before the foundation of the world had a hidden mystery, a hidden wisdom that was going to be our glorification as well. Amen. It's not just him. He's got us dragged along with it. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's another I I I I want us to consider this verse, the depths of it. In the Common English Bible, it says, "We talk about God's wisdom. We preach God's wisdom, which has been hidden as a secret." He says, "God determined this wisdom in advance before time began for our glory." What's been hidden from all time? What's been hidden? What is it? It's the election and choosing of a bride, a people for God, from God, taken out of his side. Amen. That they would be glorified in this mystery revealing. In other words, church, this mystery elevates them from what they think they are to what they always were. It raises their eyes. It raises their mind. It raises their spirit. It raises their expectations way beyond this carnality that we're satisfied with here. And it takes us to a place where nothing will satisfy us except this mystery being revealed in our life. That's what this message is doing is it's raising our eyes a little higher. It's drawing us back to our bridegroom. But this one has to die down here. &gt;&gt; This marriage, this husband of this world has to die before we can marry. &gt;&gt; We've got to lay it down. It's got to rot. It's got to corrupt. It's got to fail. It's got to die and be buried so we can be married to Christ. That's the only way it's going to work. Amen. But in other words, this mystery, it elevates us back to the thinking of God before the foundation of the world. It takes us out of our situations. It takes us out of our conditions, out of our circumstances, out of our thoughts, out of our natural heritage, and it restores us back to what he said about us, to what he thought about us, to our names that he wrote on the Lamb's Book of Life. You know, we write we spoke last service about that woman at the well of Samaria and how broken and how messed up she was. She had married and divorced five times. She was living common law with a man, rejected by society, broken in her religion, and trying to just find something that would satisfy her and couldn't seem to find it. Amen. And then Jesus says, "I have to go by Samaria." And he took the harder route. He took the route that people would criticize him for taking for going and spending time with the people they thought he ought not to spend time with. He says, "I've got to go by there." Why? Because it was a mystery of the hidden wisdom of the election of God. That there was a woman there before she ever did one thing wrong. Church, she was a child of God. &gt;&gt; Before she married the first husband, then divorced and the second, the third, the fourth, and the fifth, and now living in sin, common law. Before any of that ever happened, in advance, before God began, there was a wisdom that said, "She's a child of God." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That before she could ever make a mistake, before she could ever mess it up, he says, "I'll clean up her filth. &gt;&gt; I'll take her out of her circumstances." Amen. And in that presence of Christ, she realizes who he is. And the recognition of him changes her life. &gt;&gt; The recognition of him. But church, what she didn't realize at that moment is when she realized who he was, then it was a pointing to a recognition of who she was. She just didn't catch it then. When she recognized who she who he was, that ought to have told her who she was. &gt;&gt; But it was a mystery still hidden because the day of Pentecost hadn't come yet. Amen. Why? Because the word comes to the word. &gt;&gt; The word comes to the word and the re the word reveals itself to the word. It was the deep calling to the deep. The mystery on that day was hidden from her and all she could see was him. Amen. But there was coming a day when she would see him in her. And that's the day that her life would totally be changed. Amen. It wasn't until Peter came down to Samaria and he prayed and laid hands on them that she would have received the Holy Ghost. But in that day she realized, hey, there's a mystery being revealed. And it's not just Christ in that body, but now it's Christ in me, the hope of glory. And she was never the same again. I would love to hear her story, church. how her life turned around and she came into fellowship and she came into unity and she came into oneness and she got into a body of believers that accepted her and loved her. Why? Because she was part of the mystery. &gt;&gt; She was part of the body ordained before the foundation of the world. Amen. She realized, I'm a child of God. &gt;&gt; I'm a child of God. What a day that must have been. Look at Rahab, a prostitute born into an idol worshippping family. Amen. Broken body and spirit, used and abused by men. church, we'd look at her and say, "She's bound for hell." Bound for hell. Amen. But God, rich in mercy, before time began, had decreed that her circumstances, her raising, her family, her life would not hold her back. &gt;&gt; You would say, "It's impossible. She's in a city with with walls that have never been breached. The city's never been taken. It's never been conquered. She's on the wall. She's in the greatest part. How are we ever going to get the word to her? Guess what? The word comes to the word. God made a way. God made a way. Amen. And what happened is when the word came to her, she asked for mercy. She asked for mercy. She said, "I believe. I don't know anything else, but I believe that he's the real God." And when she responded to that, what did God do? Church, God gave her mercy. And in a day, in a day, he erased her past. She had nobody that could say she's a prostitute. &gt;&gt; They had nobody that could say she's failed. She's a mess. She's broken. And she was return to Israel as if she'd never done it in the first place. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; What am I saying this morning? I'm saying don't let your circumstances hold you back. &gt;&gt; Don't look at this body. Don't look at your family. Don't look at your past. Don't look at your circumstances. Say, "Lord, I'm coming home." &gt;&gt; That's all he's looking for. Amen. Hallelujah. God's been showing all this time through men and women. But it was always partial. It was just a little bit here. It was just a little bit there. It was just a glimpse, a portion of Christ being expressed. We see it in David when he wrote in the Psalms. He says, "My bones, my bones, they stare at me. They part my garments upon themselves. They cast lots." What was it? They didn't cast David's lots. at lots for David's garments. David couldn't see his bones. But was it? It was Christ expressing himself through David. And David couldn't even tell you why he did it. Couldn't even tell you why he wrote it. David, a rejected king, coming out of Jerusalem. And what does he do? He stops and he weeps over Jerusalem. Why? Because Christ would come later and mourn over Jerusalem as well. Watch what happens. He comes out of Jerusalem and Shimi comes out and he starts to curse him and throw stones at him. What does David do? Job says, "Let me take the head off that dog." He says, "Maybe the Lord told him to do it." See, church, everyone wants the power and authority of Christ. Nobody wants the character cuz we see the character in David here. Amen. And that's a process that we have to go through. Amen. But it wasn't David. It was Christ and David foreshadowing the reality of God in flesh later on. Amen. Christ standing over Jerusalem, groaning, mourning over her. Joseph's going through life. Amen. And he he he's a prophet. He has a a promise of God in his life. He has a prophecy over him. And then he's betrayed by his family. He's sold for a price. And he's cast into slavery. And then he's his life just gets harder and harder. And it can't seem it gets any lower. Joseph had a rough couple of decades, church. A rough couple of decades. But then in a single day he was elevated to the right hand of Pharaoh. In a moment everything changed. And what was it? It was an expression of Christ unjustly accused. And it seemed like nothing could get him out. But in a moment there's a resurrection that happened and it placed him at the right hand of God. And what did he do? He took a gentile bride and he put her safely in the palace. And then when his brethren came to him for food, he forgave them and showed mercy and gave them a way of life. Church, it wasn't Joseph. It was Christ. It was Christ all the way through. Amen. His life was a hidden mystery and he didn't know what it was revealing. He was revealing Christ and he didn't have a clue. He just thought it was life. Amen. Why did Joseph go through all this? Church, I've got a sermon I'm waiting to preach and I can't wait to preach it. But why did Joseph go through all this? You go read in the book of Psalms and it says that Joseph had a word and God had a word. God had a word about Joseph, but God had a bigger word than that. And so the word of God tried Joseph until the day that Joseph's word came. See, we've got a promise of a resurrection and a rapture. &gt;&gt; But until then, the word of the Lord's got to try us to produce what? Christ in flesh again. Just a little bit in you, a little bit in me. But it's got to produce that same thing. Amen. All these men, all these women, what was it? It was Jesus Christ revealing himself. Look at Moses, a mighty deliverer, setting the captives free. It was a type of Christ. David, the mighty king, the conqueror, the great warrior, Christ coming back with his saints. We look at Solomon, a king of peace and rest. Christ in the millennium. We look at Joseph, a man of sorrows and yet a man of great authority. Christ as a son of David, Joshua, the mighty conqueror, type of Christ. It was all hidden there for us to see. But people just thought it was God moving. But their life was expressing Christ. Listen to this. He says, "This book is a book of prophecy. Its believers are commanded to honor it and read it and believe its author. For every word that's written in there must come to pass. Everything that's been promised has to come to pass because it is Jesus Christ in each age. He says the same yesterday it was Jesus was in Noah. It was Jesus Christ in Moses. Remember the scripture says of in Moses in Hebrews 11 esteeming the reproach of who? Christ. Christ. It was Christ and Moses. He says it was Jesus Christ and Moses. It was Jesus Christ and David. It was Jesus Christ and Joseph. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. And it's Jesus Christ among his people today doing the things that he promised he would do in these in this age. It's Jesus Christ. But we look at these types and shadows and we see women as well. And I'm saying that to give us encouragement this morning because too often we dwell on the men. But the bride is a woman. Amen. The bride is a female. And we see wonderful women like Hannah who sought God and prayed and she didn't let go until she got what she was seeking. But you catch what made her get what she wanted. Church was she put God first and her need second. She finally said what God wanted her to say. And that's when God gave her what she needed. Amen. She put her blessing into God's hand. Not just her complaint and her petition and her pain, but she said, 'Lord, I'll give you the blessing as well. And that's when God said, "You'll have a son. You'll put him back into my service." And after that, she had a bunch of kids. Couldn't stop popping them out. Why? Because she put God first. We see Sarah spoken of in Hebrews 11 as a woman of great faith. She has a promised child at the age of 90. Having received a body change, a body change so that she could have the word promise. So she could have a child. And she didn't just get a body changed to her. She got a body upgrade. Because remember, she couldn't have kids no matter what. In her youth, her body was messed up. She couldn't have any kids, so she got a body change and everything was fixed. Amen. God made all things right when he gave her a new body, church. God made all things right. And yes, she tried to sway and manipulate things and produce the promise of God, but she was still a woman of faith. Still a woman of faith. We see Esther. She's living outside of Israel. She's a captive in the land of Persia, and she's living below her natural privileges. But yet in that condition, God uses her to save her people from destruction. Right? What did she do? Remember what she did? She laid her life on the line. She surrendered herself to her purpose. And in her time of need, catch this. In her time of need, she still prioritized the king over herself. Now, what she did was she invited him to a banquet. And he says, "Hey, you can have whatever you want up to half my kingdom." She says, "What I want is more time with you." Church, too often we're trying to get to our need instead of our bridegroom. Amen. When we worship and praise, that's our way of giving back to him. When we come here and listen to him, that's our way of giving back to him. It's not just our tithe. It's not just our time, but it's our attention. Sisters, back me up. There are times where you're talking to your husband and he's not listening. Isn't that right? Well, guess what? Sometimes our bridegroom's trying to speak and we're not listening. We're too busy with everything else. He wants our time more than anything else, church. He wants our life. He wants our soul. He wants to connect with us. Amen. And so Esther put her king first. She put her bridegroom first. And it was only when he was fully satisfied that she made her petition known. And he gave her exactly what she wanted. Amen. You're saying, "God, give me what I need. Why don't you try some worship and praise first? give him something before you say, "Give me what I want." We see Mary, a virgin, a young woman, dedicated, sanctified in her life. And then God comes to her and he puts her as the fulfillment of scripture that a virgin shall conceive. And she says, "How's that going to happen? I've never been with a man. It's impossible for me to conceive." And God says, "Listen, don't worry about it. You're not going to have anything to do with it, but I'm just telling you, you're chosen." Mary was chosen. And he says, "Mary, you won't feel it. You won't know it's happened until afterwards. But listen, I'm going to take care of all the details. All I'm letting you know is you're going to be the one that fulfills it." And what did she say? "Be it unto me according to thy word." And she moved on. And pretty soon her belly started to come out a bit and she realized, "Hey, it happened." And church, Mary's the only one that knew she'd never been with a man. Everyone else could say, "Oh, no, no, come on now. We all know what happened there." But Mary knew. I've never been with a man. She knew what had happened. Church, I'm not here to vindicate your experience. You know what's happened. You know what's happened. But I'll tell you this. If there isn't a change after it happens, nothing happened. Amen. We see Rahab and Ruth, and they were gentile women seemingly bound by circumstances that wouldn't even give them the opportunity to receive the word. Look at Ruth. She's outside of Israel. She's over in Moab. a mixed race, messed up, imbred, sunken in sin, idolatry, child sacrifice. That's what Ruth was bound up in. Church, child sacrifice. They worship Moolik. They would pass their children through the fire. Child sacrifice. But yet, the word came to them, church. God's going to find you wherever you are. The word came to them and they came as an expression of Christ's faithful bride to the word. They cannot deny who they are. They can't explain it. I imagine on that day when we get to talk to Ruth and Rahab, they're not going to be able to tell us why they did what they did. It's just that they couldn't stop from doing it. There's something within them. Amen. See, church, we've got to stop seeing Christ as a man and see him as the word. Cuz otherwise, our sisters are going to think they don't have a part with it. Our kids are going to think they don't have a part with it. People that are broken, people that are failed, people that are mired in the muck of this world are going to think, "Well, I can't be Christ. I can't have Christ inside of me." Church, those are the ones he's coming to. Jesus said, "I came to save the lost." Only the sick need a physician. That's why I'm here. Amen. Broken people need to see that their brokenness doesn't stop God. Their isolation won't stop God. He's going to call and he's going to pull and he's going to reveal until you can't stay there anymore. Amen. People put these things so often on ministers and leaders, and that's what got Israel in the mess in the first place was they abdicated their experience with God to the people in charge. God's looking for a personal relationship for every single one of his people. Amen. Christ wasn't revealing, and this is my point in all this, Christ was not revealing himself in all perfect people. Even the most perfect had issues. Solomon was a womanizer. David was an adulterer and a murderer. Moses lost his temper. Rahab was a Ruth was a child sacrificer. Amen. The only common denominator between all of them is that when the word came, they accepted it. That's it. That's the only thing. Amen. Otherwise, they were as different as different could be. We look at all those things. We look at the men and we think, well, that's Christ being expressed in in the men. But no, before they're men, they're humans. Amen. They're a part of this flesh. They're a part of a species. And that was what was being hidden all along was Christ in people, a person, a body of flesh. And so many focused on that male portion on that second Adam on the Messiah. But as Adam came forth and then a woman later, so as after Christ came forth, there had to come a woman that came later. And that's what so many people have missed is they're tied to Christ 2,000 years ago and they don't see him in his people today. That's what they're missing out on. Everything pointed to the Messiah. Amen. and everything pointed to the Messiah. But once the Messiah was fulfilled, something else has to happen. And Paul says, "That's the mystery I'm talking to you about." And once the Messiah has come, once the atonement's been made, there's something else that has to benefit from that atonement. And it's a mystery that's been hidden. Amen. It's the bride of Christ, the elect, the chosen, the people that cannot be removed. That's who he's talking about. They might be filthy. They might be broken. They might not look like the bride of Christ, but that doesn't matter. What matters is is their name written on the lamb's book of life. And if they are, that's what's going to take it. Amen. That's what Paul's saying, I'm preaching to you today. I'm preaching about a gospel for you, in you that'll produce the word, that'll produce Christ all over again because it's been spoken about you from before the foundation of the world. Everything was pointing to that Messiah. And then Paul said the Messiah was just making a way for you to come back to your portion. That's what this whole thing's about. So on the day of Pentecost, the message wasn't just Jesus Christ is the son of God and believe on his name and be baptized, but there was a word that had to be fulfilled. And Peter says, listen, this is Joel 2:28. It's Ezekiel 36. This is what's happening now that the Messiah has come. There's something for you. And it's a word that has to be fulfilled. Just as Adam was followed by his wife, so Christ is followed by his. Amen. Remember the Bible is a book of one thing, redemption. Redemption. So Christ is the one that does the work. We are the benefactor. So when he's done his work, what it has to follow is the benefactor gets her benefits. Amen. He says, which none of the princes of this world knew. Nobody knew this mystery. Nobody knew what was going on. They couldn't see the picture. He says, for how they had they known it, known what? Had they known the mystery? Had they known what was going to happen, he says they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. Why? Because with the death and burial of Christ and then his resurrection, he settled our sin debt by way of a blood atonement and it opened up the door for the bride to come forth. The opening of his side was the bride coming out on Calvary. Amen. It's Christ in you. He had to die. He had to rise again, come back in the form of the Holy Spirit. And that could only happen once atonement was made for sin. If Satan knew what that atonement was, he'd have never had him killed. But he didn't know. All he knew was death is the ultimate answer. But he hadn't read his word. Amen. So the filth had to be cleansed from Zion as we read last sermon. And the blood does it. And then now the spirit comes to quicken her to life and put us back in our original position. Listen to this. He says, "You believe God is in his son. God is in his universe. God is in his word." He says, "Now is God and his people. What the death of Christ was for was to sanctify a church that he might work through to continue his work." There had to be an atonement made and his body, the man Jesus, was made a sacrifice willingly and submitted himself to death. So once the law and the prophets was fulfilled, because remember the law and the prophets pointed to Christ, everything was pointing to him. But hidden in there was the bride. They just weren't looking at it because what they needed was the Messiah. They needed the atonement. Amen. But there was a further fulfillment that had to happen and that was the mystery of revealing the chosen bride, the elect lady. Amen. And it came on the day when they poured out the spirit of God on those people. That's how they knew. Amen. That it was the process of letting her know who and what she is. And that's what Paul's message is about. Christ came to redeem a bride. And once that price was paid, the switch for redemption gets flipped. And now we're in a redemption process, not an atonement process. The atonement's done. It's finished. Amen. Now the focus is on who is being redeemed. That's what it's all about. That's the mystery revealing. Who is she? Who is this redeemed bride? Who's this perfect, spotless, holy, blameless bride? What does she look like? Now remember, church, a mystery is not obvious. A mystery has twists and turns. You don't see it by just looking at the things around you with the mind that everyone else does. Amen. It has twists and turns. It takes you by surprise. Things have to unravel in a mystery. You don't solve a mystery by looking at the obvious. So this mystery revealing of the bride isn't going to be the obvious people. That's not the way it works. Listen, Paul would go to the Corinthians. He say, "Listen, you were fornicators. You were adulterers. You were homosexuals. You were drunks. You were party animals. You were liars. You were thieves. That's what you were born as. But my message came to you and it caught a hold of something deep inside you. and you realize that's not what I was born to be. But before I was born, I was spoken into existence and I he says my message came and you used to be that, but it's cleaned you up and it showed you who you really are. See, the mystery wasn't obvious. We wouldn't go out today and say a homosexual is the chosen bride of Christ. But guess what? In the Corinthian church, there were. But guess what? When they came to him, they weren't homosexuals anymore. He cleaned them up. He cleaned the filth out of their life. He took the desires of their heart and he changed them into his heart and his spirit and put his word and made a desire for his word to live there. Amen. What was it? Paul's message came and it let those people say they were never really that. That was just the shell that covered the seed. But inside was something different. And he says, "You are the mystery hidden, revealed now, and now you're our epistle seen and read of all men." No one would have picked the Corinthians as the bride of Christ. Hallelujah. Listen, some of us are resting a little too much on the fact that we were raised in a Christian home, born into a family that served God faithfully, church, that has nothing to do with it. That's the grace of God. But we can look around the Bible and I've read examples today of people that were so far outside of the economy of God and yet they were a part of the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. They were lost. They were messed up. Those people wouldn't have picked themselves to be the bride of Christ, &gt;&gt; much less anybody looking on from the outside. But then Paul would go to the house of Cornelius, a gentile. Yes, he's a convert, but him and his household would hear the word. And while they're hearing the word, they receive it and they get the Holy Ghost right then and there. Meanwhile, Peter's back preaching in Jerusalem, and he's got a bunch of devout Jews. Now, those are the ones we'd pick, the churchgoers, the ones that lived a good, clean life, that were sanctified, never made a mistake in their life, so-called. That's the ones we pick. But when we look at the choosing of God, that's not the way it works. He's got them all spread all over the place. Amen. But one thing happens and that's when the word comes their way. It moves them into the revelation of God of who they are and they see themselves in a completely new light. They couldn't help it. As David said, the deep calls to the deep and the deep will respond to the deep. They finally caught a glimpse of who they were. And it so attracted them. It so drew them that they took that first step and a second step and a third step and pretty soon they're walking steadily towards eternity. Amen. What is it? Peter and Paul were unlocking the mystery of the bride of Christ. That's what they were doing. He says, "Any son is the attributes of his father. And just as you were in the genes of your father, in the body of your father when he was a young boy, you were in him. Yet he could not have fellowship with you because he didn't know you. But then through the bedding grounds of a mother, you were brought forth into the earth and became the image of your father. And then he could fellowship with you. He says, "And so were you, sons of God and daughters of God before there was even a moon, stars, or a molecule. You were sons and daughters of God. For you are only the physical manifestation of the attributes that were in God at the beginning. For there's only one form of eternal life, and that was you before." He says, "You don't know anything about it. Neither did you know when you were in your earthly father, but you are manifested in his image. In the image of God, you are made and you are manifested for the glory and the fellowship of God." See, what that happens when that word comes that way is it flips a switch and you say, "I'm a child of God. I did not know I was a child of God. I did not act like I was a child of God, but I'm a child of God." And everything changes once that reality comes. How do my sons know they're my sons? They have fellowship with me. No one else has fellowship with me like my family does. Amen. Listen, I like Jeremiah and I like Gabe and I like Levi, but they're still not my sons cuz they come out of me. They come out of me. The hilarious thing is when you look at my boys, they don't really look like me. But the attributes are there. The attributes are there. I can see myself in in Jensen. I can see myself in Samuel minimally and I can see a lot of myself in Jonathan. But see, we don't go by the outside. We go by the attributes. This outside flesh is just a skin. It's just a covering. It's going to die. It's going to rot away. It's going to be changed. We don't look at that. But there's something on the inside, and that's what God's coming for. He says, "And therefore, as sure as your gene had to be in your father before your natural birth, your spiritual gene had to be in God because you are an expression of the attributes of his thoughts before the foundation of the world." He says there's no way around it. That's right. He says, "Now, we notice that life being in you, God's life being in you from the foundation of the world." Why am I saying this? I'm saying this to say this. It doesn't matter where you come from in this earth. It doesn't matter how much you've messed up your life or how clean your life is. Doesn't matter who your mommy and daddy were. Doesn't matter if you know who your mommy and daddy were. It matters not. What matters is is your name on the lamb's book of life because you were in the thoughts of God before the foundation of the world. That's all that matters here today. Amen. And if your name is written, church, get ready because there's a message here to get you ready for a resurrection and a rapture. That's what Paul's message came to do. To fulfill it, to get us into it. Amen. But I want you to notice something as we start to close this morning. When the true believer receives the word, what does that do to them? What happens when the word comes to the believer? It always elevates their thinking. It always elevates what they're looking at. It elevates them to where the word is rather than holding them down to where they are. The word meets them where they are, but the word doesn't leave them where they are. Amen. Rahab didn't lower the standard of the word and say, "Listen, obviously I'm a child of God because I believe the word, but you know what? This prostitution gig is working really well for me. I'm making 300 grand a year. God knows he understands my heart and I'm going to stay as a prostitute." He never said, she never said that. Why? Because the word comes to elevate us into what the word is rather into what we are in our nature and in our flesh. Amen. That's not the fulfillment of the word. The word is here to redeem us, to restore us. And that means it cannot leave us in the condition that it finds us. It's impossible. It's impossible. You cannot accept the word. You cannot accept Christ into your heart. You cannot receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit and stay the same. It's impossible. It's impossible. The fulfillment of a word is a changing process. It's a cleaning process. It's a separating process. And when a believer catches a glimpse of what and who they are, they can't let it go. It's like a dog on a bone. They just can't let go of it. Amen. Listen, the word doesn't find you perfect. Word didn't find me. Anyone here? Were they perfect? No. Okay, you're I thought Va was saying he was perfect when the word found him there, but it was a confession of in of imperfection. Praise the Lord. Otherwise, I was going to need to see him in my office after church. The word doesn't find us perfect. You know what it defines us? Willing. That's it. Just willing. Just willing to let the washing of the water of the word do its job. Willing to let go. Willing to separate. Willing to lay it down. Amen. You're open to it. You're not clinging to what you have because what you've seen is so much greater than that. Paul would say it this way. He says, "But we, some of us, no, no, no." He says, "We all we all with open face." In other words, we're not hiding anything. We're looking clearly at the mirror. He says, "Beholding as in a glass, as a mirror, the glory of the Lord are, coddled, affirmed, patted on the back, loved." No, are changed. We are changed into the same image. What do we have today, church? We have people changing God into them. And it's nasty. There's no power in it. There's no freedom in it because they want to make God like them. They've become God. He says they are changed into the same image. We're all going to look the same in character, in nature, in spirit, in attitude are changed into the same image from glory to glory even as by the spirit of God. You know if someone's received the word, how do you know they're changing into the word? That's the only answer. It's the only answer they brother Paul Fontain sings that you sing that song. You're looking more and more like your father every day. You probably don't remember that. That's probably a 20-year-old song, 25y old song. That's what we ought to be seeing, church. I'm looking more and more like him. I'm not staying the same and I'm definitely not going back. I'm changing from glory to glory. What did Paul say was this mystery was for our glory changing from glory from glory from revealing of the word revealing of the word in you Christ in you the hope of glory amen why is it why are we changed because the purpose of the word is to change three things your condition amen we're not bound to this flesh you'll never be the same again it's to change our position amen you're a child of God not a child of hell and the third thing is it's to bring us into our inheritance or our birthright that you got something that's way better than what this world is offering you. Amen. Your eyes are raised to a new plane of living. Amen. It brings you back to your original condition, authority, and relationship with God. And in that condition, in this process, the believer will do whatever it takes. We'll do whatever it takes. We'll lay anything down. We'll separate from whatever is required. Look at Abraham. Abraham is wellestablished, church. And God comes down. and he says, "Leave." Abraham left everything. But you notice he didn't leave everything. He took a few things he wasn't supposed to bring. But when he finally separated from it all, that's when he got what God told him about. But for 25 years, sisters, they lived in tents. Lived in dust and wind and rain, noise, no permanence, no stability, no roots. There's no dusting out a tent. Got to pick up and move constantly. For 25 years, he separated himself. And then he got the promise. Amen. Ruth walked away from her culture, from her old religion, from her entire family, and she went to a place where she would be rejected by most people. Why? She received the word. Amen. Paul turned his back on his old church, his old buddies, his old ministry group, and he believed something that was called heresy. Why? Something in him wouldn't let it go. He couldn't help it. Amen. Why? Because there's a change that comes with the word. And that word comes with power to give you overcoming over the things that are holding us back in life. It's revealing our eternal position, church. That's what it's doing. Revealing our eternal position, not our fleshly condition. And it's not here to affirm what this flesh is. It's here to confirm our eternal condition and position with Christ. Amen. And that bride is found faithful. She's found faithful. She walks according to the word. We see it in every in Hebrews 11. Every person in there, it says by faith. By faith. Without faith, it's impossible to please God. That means we've got to be able to do things that are uncertain, illogical, and even painful because growth is not easy. Growth does not come without pain. All of us probably have gone through it at some point. Growing pains. Remember that? Where you just hurt for no good reason and you're just growing and it hurts. Your bones ache. You want to grow your muscles. There's pain, isn't there? You want to grow your mind, go to school. Is that painful, Brother Garfield? Amen. It's painful. We have limited memory and capacity up here and it's been stretched and it's being expanded and it's being full filled and then we got to dump stuff out to fit more in. Forget everything we learn to remember the stuff that they're bringing our way again. It's horrible. Growth hurts. But it's the process of the changing word. The word doesn't change. We change. That's why it's a changing word. Amen. There's just something in us that says this is truth and I'm going to walk in it. That's all we can do. Listen to this. He says, "Now, we find that this birthright meant everything to Jacob." Now, he didn't care for anything else, but that birthright, he didn't care what it cost him. If it was a mess of pottage, he was glad to give it back to Esau. He says, "So it is with any man or woman that has been ordained to eternal life, that God has called to eternal life, is willing to sell out anything, anything of the world to obtain that birthright." He says, "You can call them anything you want. You can tell them they've lost their mind, gone off of the deep end, a bunch of holy rollers. I don't care what you call them. He says they're seeking for that birthright. And that means more than anything else. He says they are after that birthright. No matter how they have to get it, they're ready to get it. Now, catch this thought. He says, "A carnal mind wants God to bring the birthright down to their level." He says, "But for me, and I believe all trueborn Christians, we meet it on God's level." That's why I say the word always elevates our thinking. It elevates our condition. It elevates our expectation. We do not drag God down into the mud. He reaches down into the mud and pulls us out. He says, "I don't care what I have to do or what I have to say or how I have to act. The only thing I want it," he says, "That means more than my popularity. That means more than my job. Means more than my mother. means more than my wife, more than my children, more than every friend I got. He says, "Let me have that birthright. I don't care what I have to pay." I say, God, set that desire in our hearts this morning. I'll lay down anything. I'll lay down anything. I'll lay down opportunity. I'll lay down friendships. I'll lay down what I thought was solid. I'll lay down my right to complain. I'll lay down my pain. I'll lay down my hurts and offenses. There are people that refuse to go to church because of pains and offenses. They won't lay it down for the sake of getting their birthright. What a horrible place to find ourselves. Too many times we're limiting God because we're saying, "God, I want you to bring it according to my understanding, my doctrine, my virtues, my values, my thinking, my feelings. I want you to make it easy. I want you to make it my way. because my way is the easy way. That's really what we're saying when we do that and we limit God in what he's trying to do. Amen. The word always raises us, church. It does not lower itself to our level. It takes us by the hand that pulls us out. God's got way more for us than we could ever imagine. What he has is way better than those things that we're holding on to so dearly in our life. Amen. It doesn't look as good up front and it certainly isn't comfortable. Certainly isn't comfortable, but it lasts. It's eternal. And in the long run, you'll be glad you did the right thing according to his way, not your own way. Paul would say this as we're winding down. He says, "For as it is written, I had not seen nor ear heard, neither has entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him." Church, in other words, it's a mystery to our natural thinking. How good we've got it. He says, "But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit." The natural people don't get it. Why do you do that? Why do you give your time? Why do you give your money? Why do you give your energy? Why do you give up this and give up that? And why won't you do this and why don't you do that? You're missing so much. But what God has revealed unto us by his spirit the greater things that he has for us. And it's raised our values. It's raised our estimation of what we want to have in our life. And so we don't look at those things. I was never a drinker, but I don't think I'm missing out on much judging by the drinkers that I do know. Partying, fornicating, it's gotten nobody anywhere good. Fun for a moment. Sew in a day and reap for a lifetime. It's horrible. He says, "For the spirit searches all things, yay, the deep things of God." God has revealed it to us by a spirit. Paul's preaching to the Corinthians. He says, "The spirit has revealed it." But who's doing the talking? Paul. Why? Because the spirit spoke to Paul on the back side of the desert for three and a half years. And then he came out of there and he delivered it to the people. He was the messenger to that first church age. He was the prophet of God. And when you see and read Paul's message, you see the riches of Christ. You see everything that he's offered. But church, it's never a picture that's just all rosy. It's a realistic picture. We're all going to be rejected. We're all going to be abused. We're going to be falsely accused, misunderstood, separated out. We're going to have battles. can't be victors unless we have battles. And then he never paints a rosy picture, but he paints an eternal picture. And that's what we've latched on to. Listen, consider this. Our destiny, our our victory is so assured that God has prepared things for us already. Listen, if I don't know that somebody's coming over to my house, I'm not going to prepare my house. But if I know someone's coming over, then I'm going to prepare it. And he says, "God has prepared." Why? Because there's going to be a people ready to receive it. There's going to be a victor. There's going to be an overcomer. Amen. There's a prize. There's a reward for the overcomer in the Bible. Amen. The overcoming bride. And his his reward is already waiting for her. Her final condition is guaranteed. Her victory is guaranteed. Watch this. Our last quote before we close. He says, "And finally upon the earth came the genuine image of God himself again, which was God, the logos made flesh and dwelt among us." He's speaking of Christ. He says, "Now that same logos has a part. He has got a bride." And the same logos, this word that cannot be tampered with, he said, is brooding over the churches today trying to bring back the word to its full manifestation. And we just read Paul said, "The riches are waiting for you." She's going to succeed. She's going to be there. She's going to be spotless and without wrinkles. She's going to be holy. She's going to be blameless. Why? Because the word has declared it and we're resting on it. We're resting on it. We're resting on it. But are we resting on it, church? Are we resting on it? Does our life reflect rest or disobedience? Disbelief. We trusted so far, but not all the way. Amen. We look in the book of Revelation at the very end. It says, "The spirit and the bride say, "Come." She's there. She's a new Jerusalem coming down out of heaven as a bride adorned for her husband. She's finished. It's a finished work. There's a bride that's made herself ready. Amen. Look at this. He says, "The spirit of God is brooding over the earth like it was at the beginning." Remember what the scripture says in Genesis 1 says the spirit of God was hovering over the earth. It was brooding over the earth. What for? To bring out life. The it was setting an atmosphere for life. And that's what's happening today. He's trying to bring those seeds to life. But you'll notice the sun brings every seed to life. There's lots of seeds sown. Remember the parable of the sewer. You had the son of man, the son of God sewing, and then you had an enemy sowing. And guess what? The presence of the son brings all the seeds to life. Amen. But the purpose of the son is to bring his seeds to life. And he gathers in the other ones and he puts them to one side. And then he gathers his own into the garner. And he's got a place prepared for them. I love how he says he's got a bride. This word that cannot be tampered with. Hallelujah. Brother Garfield and I were talking about this. Remember, when a woman receives a seed, her womb is closed. It cannot be tampered with. Men can abuse her. Men can take advantage of her. Men can try and make her produce life. But once she receives that life, her womb is closed and she cannot be tampered with anymore. Satan's trying to tamper with his bride, but her womb is closed to anything because the word seed has already been quickened. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. I'm so glad I can't change myself. I make mistakes. I have failures. I disappoint myself. But it doesn't change who I am in his eyes. Amen. Why? Because there's a seed gene of God inside of us. And God is so confident in our victory, in our overcoming, in our final condition, that he's prepared a place for us this morning. Amen. That's what he's doing. Jesus said, "I go to prepare a place. I know you're going to make it through and I'm going to make it and it's going to be so wonderful, you'll never be able to express how great it is." Church, is his confidence in you? Is his confidence in me? No. His confidence is in the word he placed inside of us. It's the nature of a seed. It cannot be changed. And so the spirit's just here to quicken what's already inside of you. And when that burst forth, there's no changing. It's got to go all the way and reproduce itself all over again. Amen. There's nothing in me that warrants confidence. Remember said, I didn't come, Paul said, I didn't come in the wisdom of man. I'm not here in the mis wisdom of brother John this morning, but I'm in the wisdom of the power of the spirit quickened word. Amen. That we could receive that and that's where our confidence is. He called me. I'm his child. I'm gonna make it. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, our hearts are encouraged this morning, Lord, to see your perfect word thought, Lord, that was spoken, names were written down before the foundation of the world. Lord, a lamb was slain before the foundation of the world to make a way back for us to you, heavenly father. Lord, we're in the process of a rapture. We're in a process of redemption. And Lord, we're in a process of bringing us back to you, to our original relationship, our original condition, our original authority, heavenly father. Lord, but it's a process that develops our character, Lord. It's a process that ties us to the typost of the word, Lord. It's a process that anchors us to you, Lord, where you are in us and we are in you, Lord. I pray you help us to stay closer than ever to you, heavenly father. Lord, that our day-to-day decisions, the way we spend our time and energy, Lord, that our very thoughts, Lord, we be subject to what you say about us. Lord, may our lives, may our souls, may our minds, may our mouths be filled with your word day by day. Lord, may we meditate on it. May we feed on it, Lord, that it could produce itself inside of us again. We pray. Lord, you see each life, each heart here. Lord, I pray you draw us closer to you. Lord, grant us grace to see ourselves through your eyes, Lord, through the perfect shed blood. Lord, that just lets you see the eternal part of us, Lord, the faith part of us, Lord, and forgive us where we fall so short many times. Lord, grace to your people, Lord. We pray for Sister Melody this morning, sick at home, Lord, praying a special grace to her, heavenly father. Lord, we pray for the fire situation, Lord. We pray for these special meetings coming up, Lord, that your spirit would just have perfect rain in our lives, Lord, that we would surrender ourselves and be filled a new by you. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. And amen. No longer a slave to fear. 1213 1219. Sorry. [Music] And you have covered me. with a melody. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my eneies till all my fears have gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name and I've been born again into your family. Your love flows through my veins. I'm no longer a slave to me. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You have covered me with a mey. You surround me with a song. of deliverance from my enemies till all my fears have gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name and I've been born again into your family. Your love goes through my veins. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right to it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and sing. I am a child of God. You sp the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and sing. I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. He's got it all in control. 11:16 He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. For he put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. My father knows what I hear. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. And I put my life in his hand. I put my life in his hand. So that every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his plan. I put my life in his hands. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. And I put my life in his hands. &gt;&gt; I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his. I took my life in his hand. I feel the pole. 606. [Music] At night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Oh, I can't explain with God or pain the spirit moving deep within. Oh, it must be God here in my soul. I feel the home. I feel the call. I hear the call. And I know that his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I Lord please come and take control. I feel the Oh, I wait to hear the word and with each line and praise. Oh, he was calling me to give a higher praise. Oh, there's a king. Call to the king. It's like a great magnet pouring me. Oh, I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. For I feel the I feel the cold. I hear the call. And I know that his spirit is moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the cold and I went to hear the word and with each line and praise he was calling me to give a higher the praise. Oh, there's a deep call to the deep. It's like a grave holy. Oh, I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. For I feel the I feel the calling. I hear the call. And I know that is here to give my all. He speaks to me and I so Lord please come and take control. I feel the we're to sing that song by his word 1260. Now I'm going to ask brother Vichel to come and close in prayer if he would after we sing this a few times. Remember the requests. Remember this meetings coming up especially. Amen. Safe travels for brother Aaron and sister Lydia. Remember those that'll be attending. We want to be a witness. Amen. But we don't want it to all go to just those that are outside. We want it to come to ourselves. Amen. We want to be touched. We want to be drawn closer. We want to be in a closer relationship after than when we started. Amen. So pray for each other. Amen. God be with you. Trusting his grace for these fires that are around us and different things. Amen. That he give us relief. Amen. God bless you. Let's sing this and brother Vasha will come. [Music] Oh, by his word I prey [Music] by his word I'll never fail. Oh, by his word I'll overcome. Oh, by his word, I'll prevail. I'll come. Oh, by his word I prey by his word I'll never fail. Oh, by his word I overcome. Oh, by his word I prevail. I overcome. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord, we praise your name. Lord, we love you, Lord. We thank you for your presence in our midst today, Lord. We thank you for your anointing, Lord. Lord, we thank you for giving us a chance to listen to you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need your kingdom to come, Lord. Help us, Lord Jesus, to get out of your way. Lord, help us to meditate on what was said today. Lord, help us. Lord Jesus, to believe in those promises as ours, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Humble us, Lord, where we fall short. Lord, &gt;&gt; correct us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; lead us into repentance. Lord, help what needs to be made right. Lord, we pray to you for the sick, Lord. We pray to you for Sister Lorie Snow, Lord. Thank you for the many victories that you gave in her life. Lord, we pray to you Lord Jesus for her testimony. Lord, we pray to you Lord for those who are mourning. Lord, comfort their hearts, Lord. We pray to you for sister Melody, too. Lord, heal her, Lord Jesus. Meet her in her need, Lord. We pray to you, Lord, for brother Aaron and sister Leord. Please give them safe travels, Lord Jesus. We want to hear you, Lord. We want to We want your revival in us, Lord. Help them make it here, Lord Jesus. Anoint them, Lord. Anoint brother Aaron, Lord, to speak your word, Lord, to speak what you have for him to say to us, Lord. Help us prepare for the special meetings, Lord. Help us come with a willing heart. Lord, with a receiving desire, Lord, we pray to you, Lord Jesus, for your blessings on the visitors, too. Lord, just give them safe journeys, Lord. Help us be a blessing to them and them be a blessing to us, Lord. Lord, we are all one in in spirit, Lord Jesus. In your spirit, Lord, we are all one, Lord. Help us to stay focused on you, oh Lord. We love you, Lord. We praise you. We welcome you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
