################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - 202506011 - Come And See - Bro. Garfield Grant - Garfield Grant.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-12
Title:    202506011 - Come And See - Bro. Garfield Grant
Speaker:  Garfield Grant
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYt5P8YIy04
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Great. The love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come to an end. They are new every morning. They're new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord. Come on. Thank you, Lord. Yes. The death, the love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come to an end. They are new every morning. They're new every morning. Great is thy faith. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh Lord. Oh, great is our faith. One more time. The depth of love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come to an end. They are new every morning. They're new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord. Great is thy faithfulness. [Music] Amen. Let's sing number 736. Give me Jesus. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Amen. have all this world. But give me Jesus. And when I am alone, oh when I am alone. or when I am alone, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jan glory. And should I come to die? And should I come to die? or should I come to die. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. Oh, when I am in pray. Oh, when I am in prayer. When I am in prayer. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. Amen. Amen. Welcome everybody here tonight. some prayer requests. Sister Justine passed this in. This is a lady named Rose, a friend of a customer of hers who's dealing with an aggressive form of stage three uh osteo saroma. By God's grace, she's a Christian. She's believing for her healing. Her numbers have gone down, which is good. Her body's responding well to the chemo. We just pray that God will continue to give her strength and strengthen her faith as she's having a hard time. So, grace to her. this a lady named Rose. I continue to pray for brother Dale. Uh Sister Brenda, want to keep her in prayer with her need. Um Sister Lorie Snow, I meant to send an update today and just got interrupted and and didn't do it. But uh there was a testimony. Thank the Lord she's able to uh use the bathroom on her own which was uh a big concern of theirs and and certainly for her. So, it was just wonderful to hear that and trusting, you know, she's going through rehab now and that she's going to relearn how to walk and those things. So, step by step, she's uh she's getting her her answer. So, we praise the Lord for that. Uh continue to pray for brother Gourd Snow, Sister Cordella, and Brother Nelson Guy. Let's sing u pray for me. I'm just getting over a flu here. So, we pray uh we just want to sing the ver first verse again. Uh sorry, the second verse. when I am alone. And brother John is going to pray for us um after we sing this. When I am alone. When I am alone. Oh, when I am alone, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jes [Music] all this world. But give me Jesus. Amen. I asked Brother Joe to let me pray tonight because we had a testimony we wanted to give. As some of you probably would have seen, Blanca came up for prayer on Sunday for her father. Her father just turned 84 this week and he'd been going in or he's had prostate cancer for quite a while and he went in for chemotherapy. So, she came up for prayer for him. So, he just finished five rounds of that this week with not a single side effect, not a single problem, nothing. It was as if he never had it done in the first place. So, we want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. Amen. That's a wonderful thing for an 84 year old to go through something that intense day after day, one after the other. So, we just want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. We want to testify of his goodness, for answered prayer. Amen. As we remember these needs, let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, Lord, we want to come in this evening saying thank you. Lord, we want to thank you for answered prayer. Lord, we want to thank you for a word of promise you've given us, Lord. That for everything we have need of, Lord, it's found in your salvation. Lord, it's deliverance, its healing, its restoration, its redemption, Lord, it's provision, its leadership, Lord. All that we have need of is found in your salvation tonight, Lord, by your word. And so, we're thankful this evening, Lord, for the testimony we have, Lord, for Sister Lorie Snow. Lord, how thankful we are. Lord, they said she wouldn't do it and she's doing it. Lord, they said she wouldn't do it and she did it. Lord, how good you have been and we're trusting you once again, Lord, to undertake on her behalf as she learns how to walk, Lord, and get back to life. We're trusting you, Lord, to do a finishing work in her life, Lord. We're thankful for answered prayer, Lord, for for Brother Navis, Lord. Lord, and we're asking your grace, Lord, for those that are having needs, Lord, tonight, Lord. Whether it's cancer, whether it's sickness, whether it's hardship, Lord, whatever it might be, Lord, we're raising our voices to you, Lord. We're looking to your throne of grace and saying, "Lord, we're trusting you and believing you this evening, Lord." So we pray you touch each one, Lord. Be in this service, Lord, from the start to the finish, Lord. May your word just take over, Lord, through your spirit, Lord, that you would move into our lives, Lord. Shape us, Lord, draw us closer to you, Lord. May you just do wonderful things in our midst, Lord. May we just have a recognition, Lord, of your presence here this evening. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Let's sing number 112 soon and very soon. Uh the first verse in there I I don't recognize. So we're going to just do verses two and three. Soon and very soon. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying. There we are going to see the king. No more dying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. There'll be no crying there. We are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu hallelu there. Go. No more dying. There'll be no dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see him soon and soon. Very soon. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. [Applause] Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. We'll sing a song. Sister Morning has a special tonight. So, let me let me pull up. Uh you can can do that. Let's sing a 5:36 in the garden. I come to the garden alone. by the dew is still on the rose. [Music] And the voice I hear falling on my ear. The son of God discloses and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his Oh, and the joy we share as we t there. None other has ever known. Man, thank you, Lord. He speaks and the sound of his voice it is so sweet. The birds hush their singing and the me that he gave to me within my heart. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hey And he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we carry there. None other has ever known. I'd stay in the garden with him. Though the night around me be falling, but he beat me goal through the voice of war. His voice to me is calling and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am. his own. And the joy we share as we tear [Music] them there none other as ever. No. [Music] [Music] [Music] throughout my years from a little child. I can honestly say God has stay. Although I didn't claim him as my Lord, he led me from rebellion to his word. And I could hear a distant voice calling me home. He's never left me alone. And since I walked in his glorious light, Satan battles and I am in a constant fight. But the Lord, he still helps me to overcome. He knows the pressure that's been left on the bride. Each day is another step closer home. He's been there every day. He's never left me alone. [Music] He's always been there. He's always fighting. [Music] He knew every heartache that I been through. He knew the pain and despair. He heard each tear. Drop that fell. Oh, I thank God he never left me alone. In the darkness of the midnight that old Satan comes around. He says, "You're losing the battle. You're gaining ground." But just as I'm giving up, I hear that same voice. It's saying, "Crot, I will lift up your sword." And through the word, I can hear him say, "I will never leave you fighting alone." He's always been there. He's always fighting. He knew every heartache that I been through. He knew the pain and despair. He heard each tear drop that fell. Oh, I thank God. He's never left me alone. And since I walked in this glorious light, Satan battles and I am in a constant fight. But the Lord, he still helps me to overcome. He knows the pressure that's been left on the bride. Each day is another step closer home. He's been there every day. He's never left me alone. In the darkness of the midnight, that old Satan comes around. He says, "You're losing the battle. You're not gaining ground." And just as I'm giving up, I hear that same voice. It's crying, "Child, pick up your sword." And through the word, I can hear him say, "I will never leave you fighting alone." He's always been there. [Music] He's always fighting. He heard every heartache that I build through. He knew the pain and despair. He heard each tear drop that fell. Oh, I thank God he never left me alone. He's always been there. He's always fighting. He heard every heartache that I been through. He knew the pain and despair. He heard each tear drop that fell. Oh, I thank God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. You never left me alone. Oh, I thank God. He never left me alone. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] sing number 282. It is well with my soul. and peace like a river [Music] attended my way. In sorrows [Music] like sea bells role. Thank you Lord to say it is well. It is well with my soul. I stand. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan should buff it, though trials should come, that peace assurance [Music] man at Christ have recovered in my helpless days. Thank you Lord. Glory for his own blood for my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Thank you, Lord. But my sin know the bliss of this glorious thought. Thank you Lord. Glory my sin not impart but the home is near to the cross and I no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. And Lord, hast the day when my face shall besides man. The clouds be roll back as a scroll. The trump shall resound and the Lord shall descend. Even so it is well with my soul. It is well [Music] with my soul. It is well. It is well, my soul. The Lord is for thee. For thy coming. [Music] We wait. The sky, not the grave, is our call. Amen. Oh, the shout of the angel, the voice of the Lord. Blessed hope, blessing rest, oh my soul, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Though Satan should buff it, no trials [Music] should come. Let this blessed assurance [Music] man that Christ had [Music] my helpless estate and as shared his own blood for my soul. It is well my with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. My sin all the bliss of this glory as soft man. I see not in part but the whole glory. Thank you Lord. He's there to the cross and I be no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. With my soul. Is well. is well with my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's just bow our hearts to him this evening. Eternal God and Father, Lord, we we sing the songs of Zion, Lord, with such reassurance, Lord, because Lord God of the world that you have placed upon our hearts. Lord God, we are confident in the prom. We are confident in your promises this evening Lord. And we believe, Lord God, that you're more than able to do exactly what you promise, oh God, as your children this evening, Lord God, we lay our lives before you. And Lord God, in our hearts, Lord God, we're crying, Lord God, a call of desperation, a call, hallelujah, that only can be answered, oh God, by your hands this evening, Lord God. And so God, the greatest we can do this evening, Lord God, is to surrender our lives, Lord God, to Lord God, to give ourself, Lord God, into your hands this evening, Lord, Lord God, may you come of the sea, Lord God. And Lord, it's such a terrible time. It's such a time of of war and and struggles. Oh God, your people, Lord God, who are gathered, Lord God, Lord God, who are called, Father God, under the edship of your word, Lord God, Father, there are so many battles. There's so many, oh God, influences, Lord God, that that are there, Lord God. But we ask for your presence, Lord. Lord God, may you lead us through, oh God, this valley of Lord God. David called out the shadow of death, Lord. Lord God, but he declares it. But I will fear it all evil. Hallelujah. And ah Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory to God. Lord God, may you be with us, Lord God. Come by here, Lord. Be our present help, oh God. And in our times of trouble, Lord God, be thou our guide. And may you bless us, Lord God. We are not worthy, Lord God. We there's not one of us, oh God. There's no righteousness that we can present this evening, oh God. Our lives, oh God, testify, oh God, of the hill where, oh God, and how much we have fallen short of your glory, but oh God, but Lord God, we are depending on your grace this evening. Hallelujah. Grant it this evening, Lord. Come on this evening and may you bless our hearts this evening, Lord. Father God, we're entrusting oursel in your hands. Anoint your word. Anoint the hearer, the speaker, Lord God. Let it go, God. your word go forth with clarity and with with understanding this evening. We pray God and we look to you this evening in Jesus Christ's name we pray and we say amen and amen. Ain't God good. Praise God. Just I'm happy to be here. One more time to be standing here. I say at my point of duty it's it's a responsibility for you know for the people of God for especially you know God puts you in a position to preach you know it's a responsibility you know to stand in that position and to declare the word of God. Amen. And you know as brother John said Sunday you know we are a servant for the people. There's no big me here or little you there. So you are the bigger ones really cuz we are serving you. Amen. Amen. Praise God. And you know um tonight we would like to um look in this on this message. I preached it some time ago back home you know and um it's something that I seen in the message you know and I have taken a a position you know where to believe that this message is real you know it holds the reality of God and you know and um I I've taken an attitude to put my life on the line for this really you know uh the greatest that I have is is who I am really so I put it on the line for for the word of God for the testimony of Jesus Christ, you know. So you pray for me tonight as we as we turn our Bibles together to the book of St. Mark 4. We read from verse 11 and it read this. And he said unto them, unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God, but unto them that are that are without these things are done in parables. You may be seated tonight. Hallelujah. Praise God. You know, tonight we like to declare that God is a God of truth. You know, he is the God of truth. The Bible call him that. Brother Bam said he's the God of the Amen, which is, you know, he is the God of truth. Now only God alone can define truth. There's no truth except what God say. And you know it's good when we can stand upon God's truth as the reality of our faith. You know uh because what we find today church there are so many influences that are there that are trying to you know point us to so many other things really but it doesn't matter what circumstances that stands out there really God's word holds the absolute hallelujah for it is the absolute truth and so he is a God of truth he is rather of the God of truth. Amen. Hallelujah. So we we know truth. The Bible said, "Thy word, O Lord, is truth." In other word, the Bible here is the absolute. If there's anything that goes against this absolute, it means that it's going against the truth of God's word. And if you stand upon this word, you have a right, hallelujah, for the blessings of the word of God. Because there's nothing, church, that can sway God's truth. There's nothing greater than the word. There's nothing mightier than the word. And I and I and I want you to go with me as we travel a a a little on a little journey tonight as we look into these things. Really, there's nothing greater than the word. If you're sick tonight and the word of God say that God is your healer, then that is truth. And so, you have a right to revert yourself upon and stand upon God's word because that's the absolute. That's what God say. And you know what we find today church that there are so many influences there that well but what is trying to tell us that we we are not able we we cannot do this that we are nothing that we are nobody but is that the truth are you there with me and so when we put all of that back to God's word we realize that there's something wrong somewhere the the influences and all the the thing that we hear how it's not reflecting what God word declares and so we have a right to declare Hallelujah. That I'm a child of God and what God said belongs to me. Amen. Hallelujah. And so let me declare that God word. Hallelujah. The Bible said thy word, O Lord, his truth. Hallelujah. It it is the word of truth. Are you there with me church? And so he gave us truth, the Bible as as a guide, as a as a principle of our lives. So we we can live life. We can overcome. We can go into places. We can we can take on battles and and overcome them. Why? Because we are Christian. And listen church. It doesn't matter. Hallelu what the enemy is doing. It doesn't matter what the external influences are. You have a right. Hallelujah. to stand upon God word uh and to declare that I'm a child of God and I believe what God say and I believe that it is for me and you have a right to walk into it and believe it. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. Praise God. You know brother Bham said that God had a believe his own word. In other word, even when it comes to comes comes onto a foundation upon which hal even God himself stand God does not hallelujah it does a turn from his own word. God honor his own word and so if he does that hallelujah he expect his children to do just the same. Brother said that Jesus believe the scripture concerning himself. Hallelujah. that when they crucified him, before he was crucified, he declared that I have power to lay my life down and I have power to raise it up again. Are you me church? Hallelujah. And so he was reverting to what God say about him. He reverted to what the scripture declares about himself. Uh and so he knew that he was going downh. But by the word of God, he knew that he was coming up because God word declares that there would would have been a resurrection, hallelujah, in him. And so Jesus went down believing the scripture. Are you there the church? It is God's absolute truth. Hallelujah. And so if there is truth, if this is truth, then there got to be a reality that goes with truth. Are you there? Church, you see the Bible is not just word only but power and demonstration. Hallelu of the Holy Ghost. In other words, this word is not just letter only but it's a reality. There's a reality that is here. Hallelujah. That you have in word form. Hallelujah. And so the enemy is trying to sway your mind by circumstances, by the different instances and the challenges of life. Hallelujah. But now we are being restored back to God's word. And so the word when it comes, it brings that reality. And that reality, hallelujah, is God word being made manifest. The manifested word of God. The reality is God word. Hallelujah. Coming into being. Are you there me church? Well, I want you to as we travel tonight, I want you to look on yourself where you are and the things that are troubling you. Look on the circumstances and all of life endeavors and all the things that are confronting you. And I want you to realize that God has spoken a word concerning you. Are you there, my church? And this word, hallelujah, that God spoke uh hal it got to be a reality if you can accept it. It got to move, hallelujah, from just a word of truth to a word of reality. Hallelujah. God does not want to give you word only. It's not word only, but word with reality. Hallelujah. And you say, "Brother Goff, why are you doing that?" You know, uh, brother brother Mark gave me some wonderful material on the revelation of Jesus Christ. And that's where we want to to go tonight. But I'm I don't want to rush into it too much. I want you to understand that the revelation of Jesus Christ is the word in reality. Hallelujah. It's God bringing the reality of himself to you. Are you there me church? And so when you take the word Hallelujah and begin manifesting it, you become God's reality by his own word. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we declare tonight there's nothing that Satan can do if you stand upon this. It is written. It is written. Hallelujah. It is written. Hallelujah. Because this is the absolute truth. And there's nothing. Hallelujah. Where are in this dimension or outside of this dimension, there's nothing that the enemy can do or can alter God's word. Uh if it is written is God's absolute truth. And there's nothing that can challen that can change the outcome if you stand upon it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. So the reality hallelujah is the word of God coming into being. Then when we see that hallelujah that we can say hallelujah the revelation the word is being revealed. You know what we're saying? When it's when it's coming into reality hallelujah it's being revealed. And when it become a when when it's being revealed how it becomes a revelation uh becoming alive in you. Are you there with me church? And so when God gave you the word uh he gave it hallelujah with the intent but it must be hallelujah. It must be a reality but it must be revealed. It must come forth and live and express itself. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so church uh we we saw there in the book of of Genesis the first time spoke of of God being high self-existing and and all of that fellowshipping with his thoughts and but he said the first time we saw hallelujah the reality of God is God himself bringing himself by revelation into the reality form that you can look and say hey that's God. Are you there with me church? So the first revelation of God is God himself uh revealing himself. In other words, he wants to declare that the word is true. Uh the word is real. Why? Because God himself has taken upon himself the word of himself uh to declare himself by his own word. Hallelujah church. Hallelujah. So the word is real. Uh the word is truth. Uh the word is life. The word is a reality. The word is God. I hallelujah. The word being made expressed God in reality form. Glory to God. Amen. Revealing himself. And so the first time we saw in the beginning, Hallelujah. It was God himself uh bringing himself into being. And what I'm said it was God him offering himself uh in Christ the word in the word Christ is the expression hallelujah of the word. Hallelujah of the father of God. Hallelujah. So the thought was made hallelujah word into a person. Are you there with me church? Hallelujah. What am I saying to you? The word of God is not just letters only but the word of God is a person. is a person of God. Are you a church? And so the person of the word is the reality of God be made revealed to the people of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And so we saw him. We know that it is real. Why? Because God is real. Hallelujah. The reality of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. And so he was coming into being. Genesis the Bible say in the beginning. Hallelujah. God created the heaven. Hallelujah. What was it church? It was a revelation. No said the book of Genesis and the book of of revelation is two absolute book really because it brings the reality of God into being. We saw in the beginning it was God bringing himself uh hal but we see there in the hen it was God in the reality form bringing his bride into being by the word. Are you there church? Uh the same hallelujah way that he brought himself hal into being by the word. The same way he brings his bride by the word in hal. Are you there with me church? And so hallelujah. And so the reality is it was God and the expression. The word and expression expressing God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. You go with me a little bit as we go through this. Hallelujah. Praise God. And I'm also sorry because I didn't have the the the poor points and all of that, but hey, you just go with me tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Benham said in the message investment, he was making a prayer and he said uh he said bless bless us then as we listen to thy word. He said we know thy word is truth. He said, "And there is other truth and there is no other truth outside of thy outside of that." He said, "And we pray, Father, that thy word will become a reality to us." It said today for we for it is written in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwell among us and he said at the same yesterday today and forever. Hallelujah. And so church we say that the first time that we saw the word hallelujah we see a living being a living person expressing the eternal hallelujah word. He was expressing the eternities he was revealing hallelujah. So when we speak of uh when we speak of revelation we are speaking of a reality. Are you there me church? What revelation should do? It should bring you into that reality form. Hal to see something greater than anything else. Hallelujah. And it becomes so real to you. Hallelujah. That nothing else matters. Are you there church? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so God wants to take it. Hallelujah. By revelation and show it to the people. Hallelujah. To his children. Hallelujah. But the word is real. It's real, church. Hallelujah. It's real. Hallelujah. So the first time we saw it, Hallelujah. We saw he it was him coming into being. Hallelujah. Not just a thought, but the thought was been made express. We saw in the book of Hebrews chapter one the Bible said God a son of times and in diverse manner as spoken unto the fathers by the prophet but in these days he's speaking by son hallelujah Jesus Christ the who being the brightness of his glory and the express image hallelujah of his person and uphold it all things by the word of his power when he by himself myself as purge of a sin and I sat down at the right hand and majesty and high. Who was it church? Hallelujah. It was God expressing himself in Christ. Hallelujah. Christ is hal the revelation of God. Hallelujah. I'm stressing on that because you got to see church. Hallelujah. But if you get a revelation, if you have a revelation from God, what you're doing, Hal, you're taking the word. Hallelujah. And you're bringing God on the scene. But listen, but when you're doing that, there are so many obstacles and and hindrance and and and there's so many things uh that will strive and prevent the word from coming into being. church. But you have a right, hallelujah, to declare that this is God's word. Are you me church? And no matter what, oh my, no matter what, uh, hallelujah, the situation is how grave it is. Hallelujah. No matter what the doctor say, it doesn't change the word. It no matter what your body say, it doesn't change the word. It doesn't matter what you think. Uh, it doesn't change the perspective. God's revelation stands firm. Hallelujah. Because God has declared it and the Bible said heaven and earth will pass away but not a titler of my word can it fail. It said he will go out the word that he speaks. It goes out of his mouth and it will accomplish after those things that he sendeth but it will not return to him void. It will manifest exactly what he says. You there with me? Hallelujah. It was God expressing himself in Christ. Hallelujah. First uh Colossian 1. And verse 15, the Bible said, "Who is the image?" Hallelujah. Of the invisible God, the first born of every creature. And for by him, for by him were all things created that are in the heaven and that are in the hurt, visible and invisible, whether they be thrown or or dominion or hallelujah or principalities or power. All things were created by him and for him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I I I I I want you to understand what God was doing. God was bringing the word into being. Are you there my church? And so in his mind he had these thoughts but now the thought was being made materialized. And so the Bible said hallelujah. And so it just it move from just word into materialization. Hallelujah. We saw the substance of God's word. Hallelujah. We saw the hurt came into being. We saw the sea came into being. We saw the will came into being. is an expression. Hallelujah. Of God. Are you there church? Hallelujah. So we know church. Hallelujah. That there's a reality that come through the word. We know that church and the Bible said and upon this rock he church and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. Uh they will try they will come but hallelujah. But stand firm upon what God say because what what he say it's the absolute truth. Hallelujah. Praise God. In other words, if you have a confession, let your confession be upon the word of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. You're there with me. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. And so, church, we saw Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let let me get my thought together here. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Spare with me a little bit. Amen. Hallelujah. You don't my printing got all mixed up here, but Amen. I think I'll just have to go freestyle. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. And so we say that it was God on the expression by his own word. It was God that was bringing the word into being. But church, hallelujah, I want you to think tonight. You know, we we've been pre preaching and teaching a little bit. But I want you to look into this tonight that the the the word of God being expressed, it's a reality. But now we know that hallelujah the the word written or the word the thought hal is the absolute there's nothing beyond how the absolute thought of god and so we find in bible church you know the bible you know speak of two context really but it speaks of how in in in the revelation of god it speaks of the word prophecy that you know it which is prophecy with c y and and prophecy with s y he said I don't know if you ever come across that in Bible I'm like that's really I'm very you know very nosy when it comes on to the scripture but you know the Bible speaks of you know the two words and it is very hard really to differentiate between the two but you know the prophecy see why hallelujah it's God's word hallelujah the written word or you know it is God's message uh god sending a word, hallelujah, to his servant speaking in the name of the Lord. Are you getting me church? And so when God sent a message, when God sent a word, hallelujah, there got to be a messenger to catch the message. Hallelujah. By the word. Are you me, church? By the the prophecy that God gave. And so when that servant comes, he speaks in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. He declare God's word by prophecy. Now when he speaks, Hallelujah. It's not sy church is God's word either to a prophet or God's word to a dispensation or God's word to an individual. Hallelujah. But church, but when the prophecy is given, hallelujah, it doesn't necessarily mean that it will occur at the same time. Hallelujah. It is given hello in word in prophecy. Hallelujah. Just like when Isaiah declared that a virgin shall conceive, that was prophecy. Hallelujah. Did it happen the same time? No, sir. But it was declared and that was God's word. Are you there me church? And so when he speak the word, hallelujah, hallelujah, it speaks it in a message. And when the message come forth, hallelujah, it is delivered to the people, hallelujah, and the people of the hate catch the word. Hallelujah. From the prophecy and the people believe it. Are you church? In other words, uh, God has never left himself without a witness. Uh, God sent the prophecy of the word. And when he sent it, the people had hear the voice of God through the messenger of the head and the people believe the message. But there's another prophecy which is sy. The cy speaks of prophecy in its known form. But prophecy sy brother Mark how speak of prophecy in its verb form. In other word, it is action. Hal, are you there church? So when God sent a message by prophecy and a prophet prophesy, Hallelujah. And said, "Thus said the Lord." Hallelujah. God gave a message to be delivered or an action to be carried out immediately. Are you there me church? What am I saying to you? I'm saying to you, church. Hallelujah. That what God does all the time. Hallelujah. He sent his word by prophecy and the people of the hedge catch the prophecy of God word. Hallelujah. And the people believe it. Are you there me church? But what is what should follow behind that is the action behind the word. Are you there me church? Because now that the people catch the word and the people believe the word then the word can be made material. It can be made manifested. Hallelujah. And so God have a pattern. The pattern is he sends his word and he declares it. Hal and the prophet prophesying the name of the Lord and the people. Hallelujah. The Bible said hallelujah. faith coming by hearing and hearing the prophecy of the word and the people hear the voice of God. Hallelujah. And the people believe the messenger. Hallelujah. Look at the time of Noah. Noah got a word from God that there shall come rain. That was prophecy. Was it rain same time? No sir, but for 120 years. That prophecy spans but it was God's word. But one day, hallelujah, one day, brother John, when the word was to be made m materialized, now I could say, "Hey, this is the day." Hallelujah. It's moving from just word spoken, but now is a time of action. Hallelujah. It's coming to being. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. We saw there in the Bible. Hallelujah. In the book of Chronicles, 2 Chronicles 15 verse one. Hallelujah. Amen. 2 Chronicles 15:1. The Bible said, "And the spirit of God came upon Isariah the son of of dead, and he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, "Hear ye, me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin. The Lord is with you. while he be with him and if he seek him is that he will be found of you. But if he forsake him, he will forsake you. Now for a long season, hallelujah, Israel had been without without the true God and without the the teaching priests and without but without law. And when they uh but when they in when they were in trouble did they turn unto the Lord God of Israel and sought him and he was found of them. And in those times were no peace to them to him that went out nor to him that came in. But he said but a great vexation were upon all the inhabitants of the country and nations were destroying of nation and city of city for God did vex them with all with all adversity but he but be strong therefore and let not your hand be weak for your work shall be reward rewarded. And when when Asa heard these words, hallelujah, and the prophecy of Oad, the Bible said that the prophet, he took courage and put away the abominable idol out of all the land of Judah and Benjamin out of the city which he had taken uh from Mount Ephraim. And we knew the altar of the Lord that was before the porch of the Lord. And so here the prophet, he got a prophecy. Hallelujah. And he speak the prophecy of the word. And so hallelujah. And the servant of the Lord heard the word and he was responsive. In other words, hallelujah. God sent a message and the message was heard to whom it was sent. Hallelujah. And so when he got the word, he begin acting. Hallelujah. And so that was prophecy. Hallelujah. A message being declared. Hallelujah. And so it doesn't necessarily mean that it will happen at the same time, but it is still thus said the Lord and it will bring to pass. But here the Bible said in Ezekiel 37 and verse one, the Bible said, "And the hand of the Lord was upon me, and he carried me in the the spirit of the Lord and set me down in the midst of a valley full of dry bone. And he caused to pass by them round about." And and before that there were there were many in the the open valley. And Lord, there were very dry. And he said unto me, son of man, can these bones live? And I and I answered, "Oh Lord, thou knowest?" And again he said unto me, prophesy hallelujah unto these bones and they and say unto them, oh ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord God unto these bone, behold, I will cause breath to enter into into you, and ye shall live. and I will lay sinners upon you and will bring up up flesh upon you and cover you with skin and and put breath in you and he shall live and he shall know that I am the Lord. So Isaiah Ezekiel said, "So I prophesy, as I was commanded, and as I prophesy, there was a noise." Hallelujah. And said, "Behold, a shaking, and the bones came together, bones to bone." Hallelujah. In other word, church. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He catched the word. He heard the voice of God and he declared the word and the word out of his mouth became substance immediately. Are you there church? Hallelujah. But I want you to understand how the pattern that God does it really. Hallelujah. If he's sending a message, he use a messenger. Hallelujah. And when the people catch it, the people believe it. Hallelujah. And God in in the fullness of time uh will bring the word to pass. Hallelujah. But there are instances when the word of God comes to you. Are you there church? You may come to church with a problem and you said Lord Hallelujah. I decide this morning or I decide this evening I'm not going back home with this problem. Lord I believe uh you will say a word to my heart. Lord, I believe uh you said something. You will speak to my heart. Uh Lord God, I need something from you. And right while you're there praying, uh there comes a word. The pastor will pick up exactly on what you're saying in your whispering. What it is, church, is God echoing. The prophecy telling you, "Hey, I'm alive. I'm here. I'm I'm listening to your prayer." And he's bringing the word, hallelujah, into manifestation. Praise God. Thank you, brother. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you very much. He's bringing the word into materialization. Praise God. So, it's no longer dead letters, the living word be made expressed. So, I want you to see that. But there's a pattern to God's program. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But it doesn't make a difference. If it is God's word, church, it is the truth. And if this if it is truth, it will be made manifested. I want us tonight to think about this that this is the age of revelation where the word that you heard you see God he promised that in this day he would send a messenger with a message. Are you there my church to declare in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. And so if you can hear the voice of the messenger, hallelu, you hear the voice of God echoing to the huge uh speaking in the name of the Lord. Are you there my church? Uh and what we need tonight. Uh we don't we we don't need more anointing and shouting. What we need church is revelation. We need to hear that voice. Uh are you there my church? Uh because if you can hear the voice of God no matter what condition that binds you tonight. Hallelujah. You can walk away as free people. You can declare it that I've heard the voice of God. Hallelujah. And you can declare it tonight. You can even speak to your own body. You can say body obey my confession. Hallelujah. You can say sickness in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. You can say I have the power by the scripture and you can speak God word and watch God bring that word to pass. He's looking for those in the same time. People who will believe his word no matter what. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, can these bones live? And he said, "Thou knows." I said, "Prophesy. Speak to the your mountain. Speak to your storm. Hallelujah. If you hear a word, speak and declare it in the name of the Lord and watch God brings it to pass. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah." And so, church, hallelujah, as we grow into this the thought. And so, we said the word was given under the age. It came to the messenger of that age and the people hal to whom it was written the site of my message tonight is is come and see. Hallelujah. Because uh we are invited to come. We're invited to come in. Brother Mark, why why are you here? Why why is it you you're part of this body? Why why why are you believing? Hallelujah. Because we we we have been invited in to to do what? to wand the benches to to sing good songs. No sir, we are called to come and see. Are you there me church? But what are you seeing? You got to see something. Are you there me church? Because what you're looking at you're becoming what you're seeing. Are you there church? And so you got to see. And if you can see tonight, hallelujah. Praise God. I want to show you tonight. Hallelujah. If you if you can see it, hallelujah. that this is not just an ordinary age but this is a time uh of of God's revelation. Do you know church, brother said, hallelujah, that God bring the word in flesh three times. Hallelujah. We saw the word in flesh in the book of Genesis. Hallelujah. The living word became manifested. Christ, hallelujah, standing there in the son of God. And watch Adam with the word. He spoke the word. Hallelujah. And the word that comes out of his mouth, God said, I am pleased. Why? because he and the word was one. Are you there me church? That's where God wants it. God wants the people and himself to become by one by the word. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. Not just written word but living word, living reality of the word. Hallelujah. Are you there me church? So he did it in Genesis and brother said what the enemy did he attack the word. You see, he cannot attack the spirit of the word because he cannot overcome the spirit of the word. But he can attack the written word. How? And and what he does when he attacks it, he put something there that is not the word. And the spirit of God cannot operate if it's that full word. Are you there, church? And so he put God put his word here and the enemy attacks it. Hallelujah. We saw again the word was in flesh in Jesus. Hallelujah. Brother said at River Jordan. Hal when the Holy Ghost came down. Hallelujah. Brother said it was that time the word was truly made flesh. Are you there at the church of St. Luke 3. Hello. John said I bear witness and I saw Hallelujah. God's reality came in flesh. The word was walking and talking. Are you me church? Hallelujah. We saw in St. Luke 4, the Bible said he went, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He went back to his hometown and the Bible said, Hallelujah. When he went there, he went to the synagogue and they handed him the scripture and he declared, the Bible said he declared, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me for he has anointed me." But it was certain it was a living reality. It was God's reality to the human race. He wanted to come and dwell in our flesh. Hallelujah. Let me show you something here. Brother Bottom said when God came down in Jesus at River Jordan, but the monkey didn't need a Bible. He was the Bible. He didn't write a book. He was the book. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. He was the book being made expressed. Hallelujah. When the word comes down, h that's where God wants, he wants the the thought to become literal tangible source of himself walking. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. But you know what? Hallelujah. It's because of what we are and the condition that we find oursel why God cannot have that preeminence. Hallelujah. But he declare it church that in these days he's going to send the word again. Hallelujah. The third time it's going to be the word with a difference. The word in flesh again in the same time to do what? To bring God and the seal. Oh my God. Oh church. Hallelujah. It will be God in you with a difference. Oh my. Hallelujah. What is the difference? Hallelujah. He declared it. It was prophesied over your life that you are born an overcomer. You're born to make You're not in a winner circle. You're not trying to overcome. Oh my church. If you receive the Holy Ghost, there's nothing that this enemy can do to defeat you. There's nothing that this enemy can do to stop you. Why? Because Christ is sealed on the inside. And so the only availability for him is to affect this. Hallelujah. He comes against you in your bills. He comes against you in your pay. He comes against you in so many different ways. In your body, in your health, with your car. Are you there, my church? Hallelujah. And he's hoping to frustrate you down to your shoes. that you wonder can God but I prayed about this last week and God I talked to you about this and it seem as though it's God you're not coming through for me but church hallelujah can I give you news tonight that same God hallelujah that created the heavens that created the earth is living inside of you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he declare it that you cannot fail by the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. You you you cannot go to hell with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. What am I saying to you tonight church? Hallelujah. He came down and he sealed on the inside. And though you have been affected, we are being affected in our daily walk. Sometime it feel as though we are not even a Christian to begin with. Hallelujah. But God is sealed on the inside. Hallelu. Why? Because we have heard the word and we believe it. And because we believe it, we catch it by revelation. But this is it church. When we get it by revelation, we get it by word and it become a confession. But little by little, your confession is coming a reality. Are you there my church? Hallelujah. Because that which is on the inside is revealing God. The book revelation is you in action by the prophecy of God's word. Hallelujah. Your life become a living manifestation of God. Sorry to be excited. Hallelujah. But I got to show you church that this bride is unstoppable because you hold the truth of God's word and where their suit there cannot be any hindrance. If we die tonight, if all of us, you know, if God forbid it won't happen, brother Mark, well, God forbid if Russia decide to send a bomb over and all of us should go and smoke tonight just like that, we step on this mortal life. Hallelujah. Into a there's no stinging to death for the believer. Are you there, my church? It was destroyed at Calvary. In other words, one minute you're here and another minute just like that, like a twinkling of an eye, you step across the threshold, how are you there, me, church, you step into another dimension, into the reality of God's word. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. And so, church, you're called to seat. Hallelujah. If you can see it hard, then you can step into it. But you got to know what you're looking at because there are so many other things that represent distraction. And so if you're not seeing the word, then your faith had to become wavering because in your mind you're wondering, can God do this? Can God bring this to pass? Can God manifest this word? You know, I'm going to say something from my own experience. You know, 2008, while back home in Jamaica, you know, I begin experiencing uh high blood pressure problem. And you know, I I remember when it just started, you know, I was so concerned about it. It was like a new playing ground, a new era for me really. I never knew what this thing was. And so, you know, I I went to the doctor, you know, I keep on going back and but you know, I find something that was so phenomenal is that each time when I go, brother John, he keep on adding one more tablets and he keep on giving me one more and he keep on giving me one more and one more tablet until I was taking about five different blood pressure tablets. And you know what? Nothing worked until he escalated it. He start giving me heart uh tablet. Then he gave me stomach tablets until I had a my own personal chest of tablets and man I I I I mean I was obedient to the doctor, right? Because I believe in going to the don't don't get me wrong, right? I believe in going to the doctors. But he made a mistake. The mistake was that when he found out that all that he was doing could not was not working. He said that well sir Mr. Grant well based on what I see you know I mean you know this thing is not working. So you when you go home you tell your wife to keep a boyfriend on the side because you won't be around long enough. Yes. Listen, when he said that to me, I said, "You uncircumcised Philistine church." Listen, the enemy brought the the the the you know, the test, the challenge, and I accepted it. I said, "Lord, this is not the language. This is not the experience of of a son of God." And I said, "God, if I'm going to die, I'm going to die with my shoes on. I'm going to die believing your word." Listen church, I'm not speaking about revelation by presumption. I'm telling you that the word of God is real. And I'm saying that no matter what, even if it means sickness, matter cancer, sugar, diabetes, hypertension, whatever it is, the God in whom you're trusting in the word that he gives you is the word of truth. Hallelujah. And it doesn't matter what the enemy is bringing onto you. Stand upon the word of God. You know, I went home, I told the wife and I said, "Well, I don't feel inspired to take any more of these tablets." And um I throw them away to be honest with you, brother Mark. Every one of them I throw them away. And that was 2008, you know. I've never taken anymore. Um I've gone to the doctors and you know so after that you know they keep on saying well it's on borderline you know stuff like that but you know church listen I'm saying to you church the word of God is real hallelujah hallelujah so when I declare this I said Lord if I'm going to die I'm going to die believe in your word somebody got to Stand up for the word of God. He said, "Brother Garfield, it might cost your life." So what? Listen, in these days, you cannot be afraid to challenge this enemy. Come on, church. You are the bride of Jesus Christ with the eternal word. And God is watching over his word. And if you hold on to God's promise, he will never never ever fail you or let you down in believing. Hallelujah. Going about 15 16 years. Have I gone to the doctor? I've been there over and over. The last time I went, Sister Marine, I I took I was wearing a hat monitor. I wore it for 24 hours. You know why I did that, church? I want to show this enemy that the God in whom I'm trusting in listen church the reality of God's word I don't know who I'm talking to tonight but the reality of God word must stand and you got to be resolve resolute you got to realize that you are called to walk into the revelation of it or brother said what God does he first does it. In other words, eternally it is settled, then he reveals it, then he manifests it. But church, there's no difference between revelation and manifestation. When God revealed it to you, you can go home, you can put your pot on the fire, you can light the stove. Hallelujah. Because God is going to send somebody with the food. Are you there with me, church? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The word of God is truth. Hallelujah. And now, hallelujah, we have heard the word and the bride hear it and see exactly by the word what God wants done with it. And so she's stepping from the page. Hallelujah. I said, I know who I am. I am a child of God. Hallelujah. And so from that time, we have been battling But I have a resolve. I said, Lord, if I go to the doctor, you know what I'm saying to you now? And if the doctor says, Sister Marine, it is 1 million upon one, it doesn't make a difference. Come on, church. I'm not scaring you, brother. Am I scaring you? It doesn't make a difference. Because if you stand upon God word, then everything else is a lie. In other words, you have a right to declare it, but God says so and I'm settled upon it. He said, "What do I do?" Hallelujah. Confess it. And God will allow your body, God will make your body obey your confession. Hallelujah. Amen. It's real, church. It's real. But you got to see it. Hallelujah. by the scripture and enter into it. Hallelujah. So when you see it, it's prophecy. Cy. But when you enter into it, it's prophecy. Sy. Hallelujah. It is now coming into reality form in you. Hallelujah. And so the book of Joel. Hallelujah. Praise God. Joel chapter 2:23 the Bible said be glad then ye eat children of Zion and rejoice in the Lord your God for he has given unto you the former rain moderately and will cause to come down for you the rain the farmer rain and the latter rain hallelujah in the first month hallelujah what is he talking about hallelujah brother Benham said hallelujah you He he was called hallelujah under a not under a reformation ministry. You see reformation reformed the people. He tried to keep you good and you dress nice and you look nice and you look like a good Christian and you come to church and you dance and you all of those things are good but but but I'm call us under restoration. Are you there church? And what restoration does uh it brings God's word, hallelujah, to you and I. And so what God did uh in order to bring the restoration, hallelujah, Revelation 10:7, Hallelujah. Revelation 10:1, the mighty angel came down. Hal with the prophecy of the word and brother speak the message. Hallelujah. Bam said, "What is this attraction?" and had a and and and transfiguration. He said what it is a message came for the people church the word of God come down to do what church but the people of God can catch the message in the day in which we are living in and when the people catch it. Hallelujah. Read it. The Bible said hallelujah. That little book. Hallelujah. Which book it is here? It is this little book. Hallelujah. It came up but it was open and you're able to read it. Come on church. You're able to see exactly what it is saying about you. Hallelujah. And when you see it's a ho but is like a mirror. You are looking in. It's a mama. That's me. Hallelujah. I'm more than h. Hey mama that's me. I'm a I'm a conqueror. That's me. I'm a overcomer. That's me. Are you there, my church? Hallelujah. What are you doing, church? Brother Bam's message, it got to come alive in you. Got to move from just quotes and books and quotes and book to become a living reality. And so the Bible said this little book, the angel command John, this little book that is in the hands of the messenger, go take it. Hallelujah. Because here it is now, church. Hallelujah. There's a relationship behind seeing and heating. Oh my. If you see it, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's a time to heat. And if you heat it, you're becoming what you're heating. Are you there, church? If you can see it, you can heat it. So he said this little book that is in the the hands of a messenger, he said, "Take it and eat all of it." How much of it you must eat? Everything from Genesis to Revelation. Heat the book. Are you telling me, church? But what are you doing? You're looking in the context of the pages and you're seeing yourself. Hallelujah. And when you're seeing Hallelujah. I tell you what, some of us tonight, you know, you know, some of us, we we behave like we're shy, you know, like when when we go out, we don't want to heat because I don't want Brother John to see me eat like this. Oh, church, listen. I'm telling you. If I'm hungry, I'm going to heat. Are you church? I'm not going to wait until Sunday morning. I'm going to say Hallelujah. All week I'm going to heat I'm going to look in the pages. I'm going to see what my papa say about me. Hallelujah. Are you there, my church? I'm going to heat all of it because the angel said, "And when you heat it, this bread, he said, John, you got to prophesy again." Are you me, church? Not see why that was done by Revelation 10:7. But you got to prophesy bride. In other words, church, the word that you're heating, you're becoming what you're heating. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And so Joel said in verse 24, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we see an angel. He said he will bring the former rain. Hallelujah. What was it? It was a teaching reign to teach the people the things of God, the things you need to know. Are you me church? But what was it? Hallelujah. There got to come a time. Hallelujah. The time of the resurrection. Are you there me church? What is bringing the resurrection? The word of God in you is bringing a resurrection. Are you there me church? Hallelujah. So when you heat it, you're becoming more of the word. Are you there my church? What is it doing? It is bringing the resurrection of Christ in you. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. And so when you hear it, hallelujah. He said, I'm going to send my messenger to restore hal a teaching reign. Hallelujah. But where the teaching come from? It wasn't church. Hallelujah. Just a man-made story. It wasn't another denomination. No sir. the basis of your redemption. It came directly from the hands of God. It came from eternity. Why church? Because now when you start heat, oh my. You see, all the ages, brother Mark, we have been heating in the ages and it wasn't doing us any good. But God said there got to come a time for resurrection power by the scripture event, church. And so what he does, he send the word uh from heaven, eternal word, eternal source, eternal power of the brighten heat. What are we heating, church? We're heating all the way back to eternity. Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so Joel said verse 24, "And the floor shall be full with wheat, and the fat shall overwhelm overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore to you the hearers, the locust, as he did, the conquer worm, the caterpillar, the plumber worm, my great which I sent among you. And he shall he penetake. Oh my. Oh my. Are you hungry tonight? He said, "Blessed are he who hunger and thirst after righteousness, for you shall be filled." I said, "Church, hallelujah. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Oh, come and quench the thirsting of my soul. The bread of heaven, feed me until I want no more. And he shall eat in plenty and be satisfied and shall praise the name Hallelujah of the Lord your God. I wish somebody will lift your hands and said praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Because we are feasting at the master's table. He sent a messenger. Hallelujah. Thus say the Lord and the bride has catched the message for the hedge. And so church hallelujah that's why they cannot the church world will never understand the book of revelation. Why? Because it's you. It's you coming into being. It speaks hallelujah of you catching God's word believing it and becoming one with it. Hallelujah. And so, hallelujah. Praise God. And so, it got to come. If they want to see God, they got to see you because you become the expression, the revelation of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother said in the rapture message, Hallelujah. preached 1965. It's about to the church, the bride, the raptures is a revelation to her. It's revealing to her that the revelation, the true bride of Christ will be waiting for the revelation of the rapture. I said, "And it is a revelation for the revelation is faith. And you cannot have a re revelation without it being faith." He said faith is a revelation because it's something that revealed to you. He said faith is a revelation. Faith is something that has been revealed to you like it was to Abraham. I said that could call anything contrary to what has been revealed to him and though it was not. Hallelujah. and said now faith that's what faith is is a revelation of God and the church is built upon the revelation the whole entire body is built upon revelations. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me just get this in quickly. Amen. As we go down in the closing side of it. And so church, we find church that we are called to see. And if you see it, you got to eat it. Hallelujah. And if you eat it, you got to believe what you're hearing. Because it makes no sense that it is preached to you and you do not apply it. Are you there, church? It got to be real. It got to bear a real testimony upon your experience with the word. Are you there with me, church? Because the rapture and the resurrection is the word being made real to you. Are you there? Can I say that again? Hallelujah. We speak of the the rapture that is coming, but the rapture is already in progress. Why? Because the revelation is already in progress. Hallelujah. God in reality form. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By the word is bringing the resurrection power by what? By the word. Hallelujah. We see Paul. Paul I just take two character from the scripture. Paul declaring him come and see. Paul was declaring this to a a bride age that he was called under Ephesians 1. Paul said Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ is Ephesians 1. By the will of God to the saints which are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. Now remember now Paul was called a messenger to an age. He was given he was a prophet to declare the word of God and Paul had thus said the Lord. But what was the revelation? What did you see unto him? Paul catched the revelation of this bride of this gentile bride. And when Paul saw her, Paul saw her being positionally placed in Christ. Hallelujah. And so he wrote the letter to whom? To the bride of Christ that nobody knew about. Paul said, read the book of Ephesians 1, Paul. In Ephesians 1, Paul saw her in the mind of God. And Paul show that she was and will be adopted and positioned in a place. Paul saw her receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Are you there, my church? Hallelujah. And so if you're reading it, Ephesians one, Paul showed the bride position. Ephesians 2, I'm I'm paraphrasing it, but Paul showed the the same covenant that Israel had. The bride has it. Hallelujah. Paul Ephesians 3, Paul identify her. Hallelujah. and show us the mystery of God. Oh my. Hallelujah. That God has hidden for all the ages. He said none of them in the ages knew about her. But there comes a time a messenger for age picks up on the word concerning this bride. And he spoke her. And because she was spoken by a prophet church, there got to come a bride. And this bride got to be adopted. Three, church. And if you can see, I say come and see Paul's revelation concerning her. Hallelujah. Verse five, Paul. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Let's skip down to verse 15. And I want you to mark this very, it's very important. Verse 15. is a wherefore now this is now dealing with her speaking to her in a position by revelation that if she can catch this then she understand the mystery of God concerning herself in Christ but said wherefore I also after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus and love unto all the saints cease not to give thanks for you making mention of you in prayer that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. Hallelujah. He said that the eyes of your hand understanding being enlightened. In other word that you're able to see, hallelujah, by the wisdom and revelation of God, your position in Christ. Hallelujah. And if you're able to see it, Paul said that you may know what is the hope of his. Now listen church, when I saw this, how I start jotting because now, hallelujah. This has nothing to do with you and I. Are you hearing me church? Hallelujah. This mystery of this bride, this mystery of who you are has nothing to do with you. It is his hope. It is his calling. It is his word concerning you. Are you with me, church? What am I saying? Church, it's already declared. It's already spoken. Hallelujah. His calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saint. And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us to us? Word who believe according to the working of his mighty power. He said, "Which he walked in Christ when he raised him from the dead and set him at the right hand in the heavenly in heavenly places." Hallelujah. In other word, hallelujah. Hallelujah. This word that God has sent to you and I church, this mystery is to bring a resurrection. You see the body of Christ. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. got to be raised, church. Hallelujah. We saw 2,000 years ago, it came up because of the scripture. Hallelujah. It brought forth the perfect revelation of God by the scripture. Hallelujah. Jesus body. Hallelujah. Listen. That body that he had, he took it to the throne. But the bride becomes hal his body. Hallelujah. And just as how he rose that body from the grave by the scripture, church, this body of his. Oh church, he promised to bring forth a resurrection. May I tell you tonight? Oh, what a resurrection that was. But oh, what a resurrection this is. Are you me, church? Hallelujah. What is he doing in this resurrection? Oh my. I said this on close tonight. What is he doing? What is this revelation of the bride? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bringing Christ on the scene. Hallelujah. The power of the resurrection, the word of God. Hallelujah. That which you heard from the prophet's message, church. It's not just word, but it's a reality. And so when you hear it and you say Lord you know instances of it we we call it flashes are a life signal that is coming in brotherham said the last sign that the bride will see is the word in flesh again. Do you know that the bride receive that sign? Church listen how many are running after sign. They're looking for the pope and say oh that's a sign. They're looking hallelujah for the the the homosexual and all of these things and they they saying oh it's a sign. They're looking at Israel and they said oh that's a sign. But Jesus said hallelujah they shall ask for a sign and none shall be given unto them but the sign of Jonah the prophet. Are you there me church which was a sign of a resurrection that as Jesus was in the heart of the hurt for three days and three night. Are you there me church? And he came out of the grave. Do you know church? God God has given you your sign. What was your sign that it was your time? It was your day. Your day of grace. Uh when the word of God will come back in power again by the resurrecting power of Jesus Christ. What was your sign church? He said, "I'm going to come down in the form of a prophet and he's going to speak to you in the name of the Lord." Oh church, when we saw brother Bradom, it wasn't just a man. It was God veiling a man speaking the eternal word. And that was your sign, church. Hallelujah. That the resurrection has started. Come on, church. Hallelujah. The resurrection has started. Why? God the prophet speaking the name of the Lord and the bride catch the word. And when the bride catch the word, the bride begin realizing, "Oh my, but the prophet say this and my life say this and the prophet say this and my family and or my my my my body or my experience." Hallelujah. Are you there with me, church? Hallelujah. But what is he doing? You see because we have heard the word of truth the gospel of your salvation the Bible say when you hear it you're sealed you be about after you believe you're sealed are you there with me church what is happening hallelujah the life of the scripture is coming in you are you me church and you begin experiencing little clinkers come on church little clinkers of life is coming of the scene are you there me church you hear brother that I think it was Sunday. He said that he had a condition that was bothering him and he walked through the altar and God came down church and brought forth that sign of the resurrection in him to show church that the word that you're hearing hallelujah. Oh man, I feel like shouting. But the word that you're hearing is not dead letters. Come on church. The preacher is not preaching dead letters but life eternal. And if you can hear, if you can see it and you hear it, then you can become one with it. Are you there with church? And it doesn't matter what this enemy is doing. That word that you're hearing if you can say Lord I believe it. And you walk out and says from tonight my life hallelujah will never be the same. It will never be the same. And you watch your confession little by little, little by little, bit by bit. It's that change. Your tone, it shall change your thinking. Hallelujah. What is happening, church? The reality of God's word is been made alive in you. What am I saying to you tonight, church? The resurrection power is not in heaven, it's in you. It is a reality is a realization. It is simply to realize that it is there. But to realize it, you got to see it and you got to stand a firm upon the word of God. Hallelujah. In closing tonight, this is what I'm saying to you, church. The resurrection power is in the bride. Now you see the enemy is doing so many other things to distract the bride, but the bride is hearing the word of God and she's believing it and she's saying, "Lord, you know, God, you know, I speaking to brother Joe. Brother Joe, can I use an example? Brother Joe has some problem with his business. You know, things were not flowing as you know, he was expecting it. But brother Joe said, "I believe God." And out of the confession of his belief, God, come on church, changed the outcome. God changed the situation and brought forth a reality to him. What is he doing? Brother Joe, the next time you're at the same position, you know exactly what to do. Hallelujah. You know that the God that did it one time, he will do it again. Hallelujah. You made the word and the more you real it's not already done but it's your your revelation of it and as it reveals you enter into it and the more you enter into it. Oh my I have to say this but before I close this has been on my heart you know just allow five more minutes. You see what is happening church? The rapture is a process. What I'm saying to you now, a process that is bringing you into a realization because it's not about go you're sick and God healing you. Isn't it has never been about that, but it's about you realizing that the word of God is alive in you. And so the more hallelujah you come into that reality that I'm saying that the more Satan challenge you the more you can exhibit your right to that reality to to to to bring that reality into being. So it's not that the situation can stop you but it was given to bring that reality because this is what has happened now church you see in our conscious mind we we live our lives here brother we we have our being we like myself I've been going to school a long time we we work we labor we study we we do we build we we we do all sort of things here and we accept this life you know it feel like something you embrace as as a reality. Well, it's not. But God is changing our experience really. How is he doing that? Oh my. You see the other realm, the other dimension that we will go to is already here. [Music] The dead saints, they are here. the angel of God, they are here. Everything that you're looking for is already here. But why are you not seeing it? You need a revelation. And so what God is doing, hallelujah, it's like we're here and little by little, bit by bit, when you hear the word, it's breaking you into more of the reality of God. But what it is doing, church, it's bringing into into that rapturing process. Because what is happening is that one day, one morning between 6:00 and 9. Hallelujah. But Mark, you're going to look around and you're going to see people that I know that's a person that that look like a sister I know that died 50 years ago. So, wow, that's really her. She doesn't look like the real person. This what I'm saying to you? That's what the healing experience is doing for you. It is awakening the consciousness of the other side. That's why brother Brandham said pray for revelation because the more revelation the more God break you into that reality. But one day, hallelujah. Come on, brother John. You can come. One day, one morning, you know, there is a there's a sign to that really that before the resurrection, before that final morning, you know that when the Bible said that when Jesus rose from the dead and he walked the earth for 40 days, for 40 days. Hallelujah. You know, the bride will go in that spare of realizing that, hey, the dead saints are here. And for 40 days, that's the last sign really. And if you're here, the Lord tell us if we're still here. Listen, if you're making the rapture, faith must become a reality personally to you. And when it does church, it brings you right across. So may I ask you what the quest what what what this question have asked. What's the rapture? What's the resurrection? Just a change. What a change. Hallelujah. One minute you are here and another minute you just can step across. You just step across the other dimension. That's all it is. This great It becomes so real to you that you said, "Hey man, I'm just tired of this world. I'm tired of this. I'm I'm just going across." You just step across. So watch those experiences. Bring them back to the word and watch God comes on the scene in your life. God bless you tonight. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's stand if we would. Well, I'll tell you, I got worried when he started talking about an absolute. I just started preaching on absolute power last service and then he opened with that. I said, "Don't you dare, buddy. Don't you dare." And sure enough, he started, but he turned. Amen. But it's not my word. It's not my spirit. It's not my pulpit. Amen. It's up to the Lord to lead that. That was wonderful. I only have three things I want to say. One, Lord, mix up his notes anytime you want. Doesn't seem to have any effect. It was wonderful. Amen. And I don't want to start because I'll start preaching my service from Sunday. But you know, he was talking about the odds don't matter. When he said that, I thought about Sarah because you look at Sarah. Sarah had a baby at 90 years old. Since the flood, no one had ever had a baby at 90. And since Sarah, nobody else has. She's the only one to have a baby at 90 years old in the history of the world since the flood. How? By the word. We're not making it because it's doable, because it's reasonable, because it's probable. We're doing it because his word says it even though everything else says it's impossible. That's the only way we're going to make it. Amen. You may be the only one in history that defeats your battle. Everyone else may fail, but we've been made more than conquerors. Amen. Would you play that softly as I talk just a moment more? You know, but he talked about at the end. He was talking about if you can see it, you can eat it. Why don't we see it? Cuz we're looking at other things. Why don't we eat it? Cuz we've been eating other things. Can I Can I tell on myself this evening? My wife is a wonderful cook. But sometimes I don't really want what she eats. You know why? because every 30 minutes I'm going in the pantry and I'm taking a handful of chippets, chocolate chips, and I'm eating them. And so by the time I get to supper, I'm not really hungry cuz why? I've been eating the stuff that really works my pallet the way I like it. And so when I come to what would really do me some good, I'm already mostly full. I'm satisfied. Sometimes the reason we don't have what we're looking for in our life is because we're satisfying it the other way. We're looking at the wrong thing so we don't see the right thing. We're eating the snacks so we're not hungry for the main course. And then we say, "Where is Jesus? Where's the word?" And he says, "It's been there all along. You just haven't been looking at it. You just haven't been eating it." Church, problem's not the word. Problem's not the spirit. problems this flesh that says, "Give me what I want rather than what I need." So many times, amen, but he giveth more grace and he pours out his spirit and he says, "I'm not going to stop. I'm not going to hold back. I'm going to keep calling. I'm going to keep feeding. I'm going to keep opening the word until we walk off this earth together." Amen. God is so good to us. Amen. I sure enjoyed that, Brother Garfield. You can preach anytime. Amen. God bless you each one. We're going to sing the song. We've been made more than conquerors. And we've been made more than coner. It's overcomers in this life. And we've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] And we've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomeers in this life. And we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomeers in this life. And we've been made victorious [Music] [Applause] [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomeers in this life. [Music] And we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. by his word. 1260. By his word, oh, I prevail. By his word, I'll never fail. [Music] by his word I'll overcome by his word I prevail all over come. Oh, by his word. Oh, I'll preail by his word. I'll never fail. him. [Music] Oh, by his word all over come by his word all prevail all overcome. Oh, by his word I'll prevail. [Music] By his word I'll never fail. [Music] Oh, by his word all over come. Oh, by his word I'll prevail. I'll overcome. One more time. Oh, by his word I preail by his word. I'll never fail. Oh, by his word I'll overcome. Oh, by his word I prevail. I'll come. Winds of Faith 12:23. There are two roads and you may take. [Music] There's one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. Not what you see, what you believe. It is what will be. So send your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle for it's by grace and your wings to the winds of faith. So what's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain? Much to high. Speak the word of God and by and by it will move or you will fly. Spread your wings to the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. So watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. For the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Send your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. at your wings to the winds of faith. So watch your knee. Watch your cry. Watch your mountain. Watch high. Speak the word of God. And by and by it will move for you will fly. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle, for it's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Set your wings to the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle for it's by grace. Send your wings to the winds of faith. [Music] Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus to reach out and touch him to say that Open our ears, Lord, Lord, and help us to live. Oh, open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus to reach out and touch him to say that we love him. Open our ears, Lord, and help us to live. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see Jesus. Amen. We're going to sing that again as we close. Amen. Just a reminder, there's a a little fellowship afterwards for Nate and Melissa and the family for those that haven't been able to meet and greet them. just a little time before we head home. So all invited to stay there and have some refreshments if they want. Then they fly home on Saturday. So we want to remember them in prayer. Been good to have them with us. Amen. Remember all these needs, those amongst the body here, the body outside. Amen. Sister Justine's coworker. Amen. We pray. That's part of our witnesses. We tell people we believe in a God that heals, a God that saves, a God that delivers, a God that provides. Amen. So, we're trusting him tonight to do that. Amen. Let's go to him in prayer. Brother Nate, if you come up and and close after we sing this and uh close the service and we'll go to the fellowship. Amen. God bless you. So open our eyes Lord. We want to see Jesus, to reach out and touch him and say that we love him. So our ears Lord and help us to live. Open our eyes, Lord. We want to see. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Just also wanted to say thanks to everybody. Just made us feel so welcome. You know, I don't call this home anymore, but it truly felt like home to come back and see familiar faces and uh just the spirit of Newfoundland that's still alive and well, but more the spirit of God that's still here and thriving and just so thankful to meet many faces that I've never met before, but uh just so thankful for each and every one of you. So, thank you for that. God bless you richly. We'll be in prayer for you. You be in prayer for us. Really appreciate that. Amen. Why don't we just bow our heads? Dear heavenly father, Lord, just thank you so much for coming to meet with us this evening, Lord. Lord, thank you for your precious word, Lord, for the vessel that was able to set himself aside, Lord. And Lord, as your presence just fill this place, Lord, it just gives us such peace, Lord, in the middle of a work week, Lord, in the middle of the chaos of the world and the mess and the evil. Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful for this sanctuary that you've given to us, Lord Jesus, and thankful for this little congregation here, Lord Jesus. And God, we just ask that you would go with each and every one, Lord. God, for the ones that need courage, Lord, that you would just rise up inside of them, Lord. That ones that need faith or strength, Lord Jesus. Lord, your keeping power maybe, Lord Jesus. Lord, financial help, whatever it is. Lord Jesus, you're a God that heals all our diseases, eats it, meets every single need that we have, Lord, we're just thanking you for every answer that we have need of, Lord Jesus. God, you're just such a great God. And we want to give you all the glory and all the praise tonight, Lord, as we leave this place, Lord. And God, thank you for accepting our worship, Lord Jesus, and for your solemn sovereign love and mercy, Lord Jesus. We truly love you so much God. In Jesus name we pray all these things in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] I don't [Music] Oh mighty. All my fears are gone. I no longer say I am no longer the same. I am a child. Hallelujah. I want to your family. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. I am not longer with me. I am a child of God. Your love has all my name. I've been born again to your family. Your blood I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] In the season I can walk right through my feet. Hallelujah. You res You resueed me so I am a child through my kids perfect you. I am my no. I am a child. I am a child of God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Gater in the blood that dream to Brilli. Holy night all the way. [Music]
