################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - 202506018 - The Token Life Pt 60 - Absolute Power Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett - Jon Curlett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-19
Title:    202506018 - The Token Life Pt 60 - Absolute Power Pt 3 - Bro Jon Curlett
Speaker:  Jon Curlett
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship CA
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aALU1FVJv4g
========================================

Description:
Scriptures & Quotes: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f0TlIWiCYp-Wf3u-02LfUYfAxckOlIt3/view?usp=sharing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] I came to worship you. Let's stand. I came to sing your praise. I came to love. Amen. Your holy name to raise. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. How I worship you. You are my Lord. I came to worship you. I came to sing your praise. I came to love you, Lord. Your holy name to raise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I worship you. You are my Lord. You are here among us. Praise the Lord. You You are here. among us. For we have gathered in your name. We can feel your presence in this place. Amen. You are here among us. You are enthroned upon our praise. You are here here to heal and here to say hallelujah. You are here in our midst. How we've waited for moments like this. Have your way in this place. Holy Spirit, come do as you wish. We are changed as you move in our midst. You are here. Amen. Among us for we have gatherred in your name. We can feel your presence. Hallelujah. Yes Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. You are here among us. You are enthroned upon our praise. You are here here to heal and here to save. You are here in our midst. How we've waited for moments like this. Have your way in this place. Hallelujah. Holy Spirit, come do as you wish. We are changed as you move in our Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's just sing 562. Bring all your needs to the altar. And uh that's brother David to open in prayer tonight. And u just remember to pray of course for brother John as he brings the word of the Lord. Remember also brother Dale. I just continue to pray for him. I was speaking to him yesterday and he asked me to uh greet the church on his behalf. He says he thinks of us in Newfoundland a lot. He said maybe too much, but that's good. That's a good sign. And also, of course, Sister Laura Snow and Brother Doug and Sister Beverly. God's grace to them. Brother Nelson Guy and Sister Cordella. Brother Paul is home sick tonight, right? So, we want to remember. Good to have Sister Kim there. And uh also brother Chad, of course not here yet, Brother Gerald and Sister Betty. So grace to each one tonight. Welcome back, Sister Becky. Good to see you again. Good to have you back. Praise the Lord. So let's pray one for another and be in that spirit of worship tonight. And may God just touch each heart tonight through his word. Let's just sing this. Bring all your needs to the altar. Bring all your needs to the altar. Bring all your needs to the Lord. Amen. He is so willing and aable to help you. So bring all your needs to the Lord and bring all your needs to the altar. Amen. Bring all your needs to the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He is so willing and able to help you. So bring all your needs to the Sing it again. Hallelujah. Bring all your needs to the altar. Yes. Amen. Bring all your needs to the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. He is so willing and aable to help you. So bring all your needs to the Lord. Amen. [Music] Blessed Lord. We want to thank you, Lord, once again that we're able to come here, Lord, to listen to you, Lord, to hear from you. Mighty God, it's a joy, Lord, to praise you, a joy to live for you, joy to hear your word, Lord. Everything that concerns you, Lord, is a joy. We just pray, Lord, now you have control over all of our lives, Lord. Each one that's gathered here. The more we give you control, Lord, the more you can do. Your word says, Lord, the more we give, the more we receive. So grace told us, Lord, abandon ourselves into your hands, Lord. And Lord, if you cannot have control, Lord, in this fault, Lord, we're not giving it to you. So help us, Lord, to surrender, Lord, unto thee that you may have control. Bless you Lord is a holy calling you're given us Lord. There's no small matter we're involved with Lord. It's the greatest message Lord that maybe has entered the earth Lord today. Your prophecy Lord is even greater than Moses message Lord. It's the end time wrapping things up Lord. And there only be a few Lord that will make it Lord in that great millennial day Lord the rapture to go home Lord to be with you. You only part of two million Lord 8 billion that's not very many Lord believe in this message we should be really thankful Lord but we ask your grace Lord for all prayer requests and we remember a day or two Lord we pray oh God that you remember them Lord you be mindful of them Lord all the other prayer requests Lord we miss you here we pray your answer prayer Lord for each one bless Lord each one may You have your way Lord, your control, Lord, over each one. And we not forget to give you the glory, Lord. So we ask you now, Lord, to service, Lord, you bless Brother Jonathan, Lord, he comes forth, Lord. Give him courage, Lord, and boldness to speak, Lord, you want him to say, Lord, or whatever you say, Lord, is pleasing to us. Whether it's correction, Lord, or conviction, or it may be Lord, we want you to have your your say, Lord. You tell us what we want to do, Lord. Like a puppet, Lord. You say you turn left, you turn left. You put a spring for right, we turn right. We want you to have full control, Lord. The service by our lives, Lord. So bless us each one, Lord. We pray with your Holy Spirit. Maybe we need more of your Holy Ghost, Lord, to live a better life, Lord, for you. We want to better ourselves, Lord. Your word says your bra makes herself ready, but Lord, she needs your word to do it. And we'll make ourselves ready, Lord. If you can help us, Lord, and and we can have patience, Lord, of ourselves, Lord, and others around us. And you have patience with us, Lord, as you teach us your word, Lord. So, you're the great tutor now, Lord, through your Holy Ghost. You train us, Lord, and build us up, Lord, in the most holy faith, oh God, even rapturing faith, Lord. I'm sure that we all want to be with you someday, Lord. And there's just a great chance we had this opportunity, Lord. To be with the Almighty God, Lord, the creator of all existence, mighty God. There's nothing in being, Lord, but yet you have created it. But you are sovereign, Lord. There's no other God besides you. But you only understand, Lord, really, Lord, what we're involved with, Lord, how great this message is. So help us each one now, Lord. Give us each one nugget tonight, Lord, to take on with us, Lord, to to help us in our path, Lord, in our walk with you, Lord, in the journey, mighty God, us ahead. And thank you, Lord, for all the way you led us, Lord. Thank you for your patience with us, Lord, and your longsuffering. Forgive us, Lord, where we failed you, Lord, and let you down. Mighty God, be gracious to ask you, Lord. We don't want to fail you, Lord. You only got one chance. So, be gracious to us. I pray in Jesus precious name, Lord. Amen. Amen. Number 555. Victory in Jesus. I heard an old old story. Amen. An oldie but goody. Let's just sing this one. [Music] I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary and saved the rich like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sin and won the victory. Amen. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me. I knew him and all my love is due him. He burns me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing. Amen. The lame to walk again. cause the blind to see. And then I cry, "Dear Jesus, come heal my broken spirit." And Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory. And Jesus, my savior forever. He sought me and bought me with his redeeing blood. He me I knew him and all my love is due him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about a mansion. He is built for me in glory. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me. Praise the Lord. With his redeeing blood. He loved me. I knew him. And all my love is to him. He plunge me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about a mansion. He is built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Oh victory in Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He sought me and he walked me with his redeeming blood. He loved me. I knew him. And all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Oh, victory. in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Amen. Praise the Lord. And what a victory. Amen. 84. He's able. I know he's able. My Lord is able to carry me through. Amen. He's able. He's able. My Lord, He's able. I know my Lord is able to carry me through. He's able. He's able. I know he's able. I know my Lord is able to carry me through. Amen. He heals the brokenhearted and sets the captives free. He makes the lame to walk again and cause the blind to see. He's able. He's able. I know he's able. I know my Lord is able to carry me through. He's able. Praise the Lord. Able. I know he's able. I know my Lord is able to carry me through. Praise the Lord. He's able. He's able. I know he is able. I know my Lord is able to carry me through. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. And he sets the captive free. He makes the lame to walk again. And he calls the blind to see. That's why he's able. He's able. I know he's able. I know my Lord is able. Carry me through. Amen. Praise the Lord. believe that tonight. Amen. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Number 48. Amen. That's a reason to be glad. Praise the Lord. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So that your mercy [Music] has followed me. Don't cry. Hallelujah. And set me free. So glad I'm yours. Lord, so glad I'm yours. So glad I'm free, Lord. Hallelujah. So glad I'm free. know that your grace has laid hold of me. Amen. I once was captive. I once run. Hallelujah. But by your grace, Lord, I fre. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Hallelujah. So glad I'm yours. Amen. So glad your mercy, hallelujah, has followed me. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. So, and set me free. Hallelujah. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Lord, so glad I'm so glad I'm free, Lord. So glad I'm free, Lord. So glad I'm free. So glad your grace has laid hold of me. I on was captive. [Music] I on was found. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise Lord. my freom [Music] because he lives. [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. Hallelujah. All fear is gone. Because I know he holds the future. Yes. Amen. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Because he lives. Yes. Hallelujah. I can face tomorrow because he lives. Amen. All fear is gone. Thank you, Lord. Because I know. Oh. [Music] He holds a future [Music] and life is worth living just because he lives. Jesus name above all names. 116 Jesus, [Music] name above all names, beautiful Savior, [Music] glorious Lord Emmanuel. Hallelujah. God is with us. Praise the Lord. Blessed redeemer, living word. Let's stand. Praise the Lord. Jesus. Amen. Lame above all names. Beautiful Savior. Glory is Lord God of Lord Emmanuel. Hallelujah. God is with us. Praise the Lord. Blessed redeemer, living word. Let's sing it again. Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Glorious Lord of Lords Emmanuel. God is with us. Blessed redeemer, living word. Amen. Lord, what a wonderful name it is. Lord, you revealed yourself in old times as Jehovah as I am. But Lord, you came now in a time of flesh and you said, "I'm God with you, Lord." And then you said, "I'll never leave you and I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you. I'll even be in you to the end of the age, Lord." And that's our comfort this evening, Lord. It's our rest. It's our strength. It's our joy. It's our peace. It's our everything. It's our all in all, Heavenly Father, is that you are with us, Lord. Not by anything we've done, not by anything we can lay hold of or claim of ourselves, Lord, but it's by your covenant one-way promise, Lord, that you said, "I will be with you. I have chosen you. I have elected you. You are my bride. You are spotless. You are perfect. You're justified, sanctified, and I'm living in you. You're my temple now, Lord. What a rest we have this morning, Lord, because of your goodness to us, Lord, because of your inddwelling spirit, Lord God. Lord, I pray you help us to catch a little greater vision. Lord, open our eyes a little more tonight, Lord, to what that means in our lives, Lord. That we'd not just say, "I'm a child of God," or, "I'm filled with the spirit of God." Lord, but that we'd understand what it means to take that and put it into action. Lord, quicken our faith, Lord. Raise it this evening. We pray, Lord, touch your people once again now. We ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Turn, if you would, to Joshua chapter 1. Joshua chapter 1. We'll read the first five verses. Amen. Good to see Sister Becky Benjamin back with us. I thought we'd lost her forever, but then she showed up. So, God bless you. It's good to see you again. Amen. Remember Jensen? I don't know if it was mentioned, but uh he's home with a fever tonight. He's been struggling for the last few days and just struggling to regulate his temperature. So, we've just got him home watching the service tonight. So, praying God's grace to be with him. Amen. I'm stepping into the shoes of Brother Paul Lafontaine here. This was his uh his scripture that he read when he came here the the first time. But it's such a wonderful scripture and we're going to preach out of here this evening. Amen. It says, "Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses minister, saying, Moses, my servant is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. Notice now he's speaking to a man. But the message is for who? The children of the promise. He says, "Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses." And then he says, "It's from the wilderness of this Lebanon, even under the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and under the great sea toward the going down of the sun shall be your coast. There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee." Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this evening. Amen. What a wonderful scripture to open with. And I want to continue this thought. We've been taking on absolute power. Excuse me. Been dealing with allergies and it usually sticks for about a month. So I'm just struggling a bit with my nose and my throat and my eyes a bit. But I want to take this thought on absolute power. And last service we preached on a commission. And I want to take that a little further this evening again on the the the thought of recognizing and accepting our commission. And last service we spoke about Moses a lot. And Moses was a God prophet. Remember Moses was was really the type of Christ that was coming because God the scripture said, "I'll raise up unto you a prophet like unto Moses." Moses was the God prophet. Remember what happened was the people came to Sinai and God tried to reveal himself. God tried to start a relationship with them and he just scared them. And they said, "Moses, we don't want to talk to God. You talk to God and then you can come to us and tell us what we what we need to hear." And so God said, "Moses, listen. They don't want a relationship with me. So I'm going to speak to you and then you speak to Aaron. You can be God to the people. You speak to Aaron. Aaron will be your prophet and then he'll relay it to them. And brother Ram said that that that that was a thing that God could not look past for the rest of their lives. This thing that they came and they turned him down and they took the law. They turned down grace and they said, "You go get a law for us, Moses. We won't let you lead us and guide us." Because remember, when you look at Abraham, Abraham was not under law. Abraham was under the leadership of God. He was under the covenant of God. It was a one-sided promise. And they turned down that one-sided covenant and they said, "We'll take the law and said instead and it led them to their death and their destruction." We see that. Amen. But we notice once they said, "God, you got to use a prophet." God never changed the pattern. And ever since then, when it comes to junctions of time, when it comes to a people that need to return to God, when it comes to people that need to turn a corner, God always has a man available. God always has somebody available to help the people. And sometimes it's just to get them back to God. So many times that's what the prophets did. And that's why they killed them was because they told the people, "You got to change." And the people didn't want to change. And they killed those men. Amen. But the the point of a prophet, the point of a messenger is not just to be a messenger. The messenger is not there for the sake of the speaker, but he's there for the sake of the hearer. Amen. The the prophet is there to bring something to the people, for the people. It is not just to hear the sound of his voice. It's not just so he can puff up his chest and say, "Look at me. I'm the mighty man of God. I'm a prophet. I speak lift here with God." That's not his purpose. His prop pro his his purpose is to come to a people and give them something that's meant for them. And it's for their benefit if they'll receive it. And it's for their judgment if they'll turn it down. Amen. So Noah's message was not for Noah, though he had to receive it. But it was meant for everybody else. The problem is only seven other people received it. And what did they receive? They received life. Moses' message wasn't for him. Moses was already out of Egypt, but he went back to a place he had been exiled from. and that he was in danger of going back to of losing his life. And he went back why? To bring a message to the people that they were going to be delivered out of Egypt, that God was going to finally do what his word said was going to do. Amen. God sent them a messenger for their benefit. Why do we have a messenger in this age? The scripture says, "Behold, I said unto who? You." There's got to be a you to receive Elijah the prophet to receive the benefit of that message. And so Moses came with a message for the benefit of the people. Let me put it this way. I'm not here for me tonight. I'm here for you. I get benefit from it. I'm I believe the message that I'm preaching tonight. But the reason I labor and study and pray and wait on the Lord is for your benefit because the point of the foolishness of preaching is to get you to unify with the word. Is to get you to a place where what we're talking about becomes a part of you and you can get the reality of it. That's why we come to church. It's definitely not to hear me. You'd be of all people most miserable if you just came to hear me cuz I'm not much of a speaker. But if you can catch what's being spoken by the spirit of God, it'll change your life. It'll change your situation. It'll change your body. It'll change your attitude. It'll change your family. It'll change your marriage. It'll change your home if you can catch it. Because it's meant to come in and become a part of you. It's meant to quicken what was always in there from the start and overcome that which was not supposed to be there in your body, in your mind, in your spirit. Amen. So Moses came down and he had a a message for them. God gave Moses a commission to take them out of Egypt to take them to the mountain to serve God and then from there to go into the land of Canaan. Remember as they came to Canaan, they were still under a message of grace. It was God's grace that sustained them. It was God's grace that kept them. It was God's mercy. It was God's provision. They had mana every day. They had water when they needed it. Their clothes didn't wear out. Their shoes didn't wear out. They were in good health. It was all under a message of grace. But when they came to Canaan, grace was supposed to turn into faith. All that they had experienced under grace was supposed to raise their faith so that when God said, "It's time to take what I've been talking about," they'd say, "Lord, you're with us. We're good to go." But they didn't. They got caught up in the ease of grace and it didn't do anything in their souls because they were unbelievers. And there was only a couple that believed and those were the ones that God had to use. Amen. See, church, we've got to realize something. They had come out. And as hard as coming out is, it's still the easy part. It's still the easy part cuz a bunch of people came out with them. It was a mixed multitude, the scripture says, that came out of Egypt. As hard as it is, it's still the easiest part. But when it comes now to the journey, that's where people started losing. That's where people started falling by the way. Look at Dayathan and Kora. They fell by the way. They elevated themselves. They did all these things. And then when it came time to go into the land, that's where everybody but two people failed. Because when it's time to put your faith into action, that's when we find out, am I really a believer? Because the the the the identification of a believer is they have faith in God's word. you believe. You can't believe if you don't have faith. And so they came to a place now where their faith had to be put into action and they backed down. And we see that time and time again in scripture. People will go as far as it feels good. But the moment their life is on the line, their career is on the line, their finances are on the line, their health is on the line, their reputation's on the line, they say no more. And the minute we stop moving forward, we're dead. We're backsliding at best. We're backsliding at best because God keeps moving. And if we don't keep moving with him, we're falling behind. We've got to keep moving with him. We've got to keep walking with him. Abraham said this way. He says, "Ahab was a borderline believer. Just a fellow that believed enough to make him miserable." He says, "Did you ever see people like that? Well, they have a conception that they would like to go to church and do right. They feel like it would make them a better person in their social lives. And maybe for the sakes of their children, they think they ought to maybe belong to church. See, it's people that have an idea of the benefits of the gospel without a call in their heart to actually respond. Listen, there are people that come to church because they see your life and they say, "That's a good family life. That's a good good way of raising your children. I like the benefits." church. I've talked to people at work about this all across the country and they love what we're doing, but they don't like the way that it comes. But some of them have said and some of them have come to church here and in other places and they come once and or maybe twice and then what do they do? They walk away. It's not for me. But then you got people that linger because the church has turned into a community and we're literally here because of the benefits of community. Guess what? We have friends whether we want them or not because we go to church. We have options for good people to marry because we come to church. We have support when things go sideways. We have a baby. Then what do we have? We've got people that'll bring us food. We've got a wonderful community here. It's a great lifestyle. And lifestyle believers are the most miserable ones out there because they know there's more, but they never get there. They see there's more, but they never experience it. That's a borderline believer. He says, "If dad isn't the most miserable person I know of," he says, "I tell you that the best to do is cut loose all shorelines and launch out into the deep or don't go at all." He says, "Just simply stay home or go all the way for Christ." He says, "God wants somebody who will really go all the way. Give all you have, body, soul, and spirit, in the service of the Lord." I was reading on Monday in my devotions in Matthew 6 where Jesus said no man can serve two masters. He says either he'll love one and hate the other or he'll prioritize one over the other because you can't put two things in first place. It doesn't work. Somebody's got to be first. Amen. We can't be a halfway Christian. We can't serve God on Sundays and Wednesday nights and then the rest of the time we just do whatever we want. That's not the way this is going to work. That's not an overcomer. That's a wishywashy halfway compromised Christian is what that is. And that's a miserable place to be in because you're elevated when you come to church and then you walk out and you realize you don't have anything you just listen to. You feel wonderful in service maybe, but then you walk out and you lose the victory time and time again. Why? Because we're halfway. I hope I'm not preaching to anyone tonight. But if you are, there's a way to do it. Cut loose. Get rid of everything else and put Christ in the center of your life. That's the only way it's ever going to work. Amen. We've got to make up our mind at some point, church. Either we're a believer or we're not. Either we trust God or not. Either we want all that he has or we don't. I was listening to a brother the other day. This was hard. He said, he says, "If you're not living as if you're ready for the rapture," he says, "I doubt if you'll go in the rapture at all." I thought, "That's pretty hard." But the simple truth is if we're not growing continually, there's a problem. That's what he's pointing to. If we aren't laying more and more of the world aside, if we're not on our way to glory, why would we think that suddenly we're going to start going to glory? There's a path of holiness. There's a path of sanctification. There's a path of commitment that is in the life of a true believer. And if we're not walking it out, church, we better start getting going cuz I'm telling you, it's closer than you think. We're way further along than we think. It could happen tomorrow. We see what's happening with Israel, brother Bam. How many times do you say Israel is God's time peace and church, they are one event away from the entire world turning against them. The US is the only ally they have now. Canada, the UK, France has all turned against them now. The US is the only one that's backing Israel right now. Think of that. The last ally is about to turn their back on Israel. That's how close we are. I'm not trying to scare you. I'm telling you it's later than you think. It's later than we think. Amen. But what I'm trying to anchor this evening is the absolute power that comes with the commission. And it'll come from accepting it as an absolute. And we'll get into that perhaps, the Lord willing, on Sunday. But we spoke about Moses last service and Caleb last service. But I want to take us down the roads of a few other believers this evening before we get to Sunday's service. But I want to give you a spoiler alert. We have the greatest commission ever. We have the greatest commission ever. Because when you look when brother Brandham preached the church ages he say we get everything that they get plus which means we've got a portion of their commission in every one of those. But we've got one commission nobody else has ever had and that's that we get to take a rapture. Our commission is to overcome and death can't touch us. That's the kind of commission we have. It's a wonderful time to be a believer. It's a hard time to be a believer but it's a wonderful time to be a believer this evening. I'm so happy I'm a part of it. I'm so happy that I've received this message. Amen. But I want to come back to Joshua quickly because I want to see you to see how this plays out. Cuz I I'm not preaching Joshua for Joshua's sake. I'm preaching Joshua for our sake because I want to see how does Joshua relate to me. What does it do in my life? If I do what Joshua does then do I get Joshua's results. So let's go back to that opening scripture because remember Moses had the commission to take them in. Then Moses lost his temper and God said Moses because of that you can't go in but it's okay. Joshua will take them in instead. The plan of God doesn't stop because we make mistakes. God's always got a way to take us through. He says, "Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua, the son of Mo Nun, Moses' minister, saying, now catch this thing now because I think it bears saying here that before Joshua could lead, he had to serve." See, Joshua served Moses and Moses served the people. Before you can lead, you've got to serve. Because when you get into leadership, if you're doing it right, you'll realize that's greater service than all. Cuz I'm here for you. I'm not here for me. The ministry is here for you. That's what a minister is. It's a servant. And you cannot serve at the a as the chief of servants unless you first learn to serve. That's what Joshua had to do here. He served Moses before he led and served the people. But notice the Lord came to Joshua. He says, "Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore, arise and go over this Jordan." Moses died. And what did they do? They stopped and they mourned. And what did they do? They didn't move forward. Now Joshua is a good leader. He doesn't move until God tells him to. But when God says move, then Joshua starts to move. He says, "Go over this Jordan thou and all this people under the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel." Now notice the commission is not just for Joshua. The commission is for the people of the promise. That's what I want you to catch tonight. The commission is not just to the ministry. It's not just to the men. It's not just to the fathers. It's not just to the deacons. It's not just to the gifted. It's for every single person that is there to receive the promise. The commission is there to get you to your promise. Okay? He says this, "Every every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses." Every place that you can walk in the boundaries of God's word belongs to you. every and then he says where from the wilderness of this Lebanon even under the great river the river Euphrates all the land of the Hittites and under the great sea toward the going down of the sun shall be your coast. They had defined boundaries and they were not supposed to leave it. God did not say if you head back to Egypt I'll give it to you. No, you left that behind. That's not for you to go conquer. That's not your land. Stay in your land and anywhere in that land if you walk on it belongs to you. All you got to do is walk there. He says, "If you do that, there shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee." He says, "I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee." We're into the absolutes again. And he says, "What? Every place." There's no ifs, there's no ands, there's no buts, there's no exceptions, church. If there's an exception, God will let you know like he did Paul. Otherwise, it's yours. Why would we believe healing is not for us? Why would we believe deliverance is not for us? Why would we believe leadership's not for us? Why would we believe gifts aren't for us? No, they're for you as a child of God. They're part of the redemptive blessings that he died at Calvary to give to you and I. And he didn't die on Calvary so that we could say, "I guess they're not for us." They're meant for us. They're meant for every single child of God. Remember, he didn't say, "Everywhere you walk will be flat, dry, easy. uninhabited. But he did say every place you walk belongs to you. God never said the condition was going to be easy. But he said, "If you can walk there, I'll give it to you. If you will walk there, then I'll give it to you." And then he addressed the 40-year-old question that had failed them so long ago was, "How are we going to defeat bigger than people that are bigger than us?" He said, "Listen, every He says, "There shall not any man. No one. There shall nobody can stand before you in this land." Cuz that's what caused them to back away before was they looked at the size of the people there and said, "There's no way we're going to be able to defeat them." God comes back and says, "I'm reminding you of the testimony of Joshua and Caleb. Joshua, I'm telling you what you said before, and I'm telling you it's true. You're able to go up. Don't look at the situation. Look at the promise. That's always what we're supposed to keep our eyes on, church, is the promise, not on ourselves because we fail day in and day out in and of ourselves. God's telling Joshua, Joshua, don't look at yourself, buddy. You're not going to do this. Cuz what does he say? He says, "Not any man shall be able to stand." That word says, "Set up a station to remain in position or to withstand you." He didn't say people weren't going to stand in front of you. He said they won't be able to stay there. Something comes up, you have a right to say you have to move because every Satan's job is to bluff you out. It's to stand in your way and get you to back around, get you to go around, get you to give up the position. But he says, listen, they're going to stand, but they won't be able to stay there if you'll just keep walking. They will have to run or they will have to fall. That's the way this is going to work. Joshua, amen. Listen, church. He never said they weren't going to present themselves. But he said he never said they weren't going to puff themselves up. Didn't say they weren't going to try and scare you. Didn't say they weren't going to try and harass you. Didn't say they weren't going to try and push you out of the way. But he says, "If you'll keep walking, they'll have to give way." See, too often we think resistance means it doesn't belong to us. We've got to stop thinking that that's outside of our rights. Church, when we face resistance, we've got to say, "Satan, not today. Not this daughter, not this son, not this place, not this time. Remember, it's not that we get to skip the trials, but he has no right to torment. He has no right for anxiety, for worry, for sleepless nights. That has to go. We've got to go through trials. They purify us. They they do more for us than we we could ever imagine. But we don't have to go through it with fear. We don't have to go through it losing our sleep, losing our hair, gaining weight. We don't have to go through it broken down where we come out the other side and we're barely alive. We can come through and say, "The Lord was with me. The Lord gave me peace. The Lord gave me rest. We don't have to lose sleep at night." Satan's a tormentor, and you got a right to say, "You can't torment me." Listen, you're here to do a job, but that job does not mean that I've got to lose my peace and my rest. Get thee behind me, Satan. Amen. Listen, God knows how to set our mind just where it needs to be. And he says, listen, no man can stand before you all the days of your life. Exactly as I was with Moses, I'll be with you. What a promise that is. That means I'll talk to you. I'll show you my way. I'll be with you. you. I'll take care of you. I'll feed you. I'll clothe you. I'll protect you. I'll give you victories. Everything that I did with Moses, I'll be with you. And then he didn't say, "Now Joshua, you're never going to make mistakes. Joshua, you're never going to fall down in battle. Joshua, you're never going to have a near miss." He never said that. What he did say was, "I will not fail thee, and I will not forsake thee." That's the mindset we have to go in, church, is not that I'm going to win or lose. It's that the Christ inside of me will never fail, will never fall, and will never forsake me. That's where our rest is this morning. It's his word. It's his promise. It's his power. It's his very dwelling inside of us that brings us through these things. That's the That's the promise that we have. Amen. Moses had faith in his commission and he acted on it. thing. Now, God's saying to Joshua, Joshua, you got to step in Moses shoes because just as I was with him, I'll be with you and you got to finish the job. He asked Joshua to have the same faith in his commission that Moses has had all those years. He's saying, "Look, Joshua, I've picked you. I've chosen you. Doesn't matter what you think of yourself. I'm with you. You're my man. Let's go. Let's take it through." Now remember when they crossed over Jordan, they had a dedic rededication of their lives to God. Remember what happened is they were not circumcised because many of them were born on the 40-year death march or they were too young coming out of Egypt that they weren't circumcised. And so when they crossed over Jordan, they died to self. That's what crossing over Jordan is. And then they went and remember the men were circumcised which was a type of the Holy Ghost. Remember Paul says we have a circumcision of the heart which is the indwelling of the spirit inside of us. Amen. But the the the promise was always there. But when they died out to self and they came into Canaan land, God had to get them in a condition to receive the promise. Church, it's God's work from start to finish. We're not here preparing ourselves. All we've got to do is take the word and wrap us in it. But he puts us in a condition to receive it. And remember, if you didn't have the sign of circumcision, you could not be counted as a child of Israel. And you were put outside the camp. You had no opportunity to worship. You couldn't do anything. You had to have the circumcision because that was the sign of the covenant in your body. It was a personal witness that you were a child of Abraham because the promise was to Abraham and his seed. Amen. Until they were circumcised, God couldn't even receive their faith. God couldn't back them up. They had to be tied back to him by a promise as a sign that they were children of Abraham. And then once they said that, once they had that, God says, "All right, you're good to go forward." Why? Because they have received the sign. They've received the seal of their life and they were ready to go forward. Amen. It's in our It's just a type of the the new birth for the believer. First, there has to be a dying out and then there has to be a circumcision. There has to be a sign, a seal in our body. Amen. Now, they had all sorts of experiences for 40 years before that, supernatural experiences and provision for the people. But now they were coming into the great reality of their promise. God had kept them. But his promise was not just a keeping power. It was to take them into the promise of the word for their time. And God had to get them ready to receive it. So Joshua gets his instructions from God. He heads towards Jericho. Now remember Joshua is led by the captain of the host. Joshua is not being led by himself. Remember how God said it. He says, "Now Joshua," he says, "You've got to let the priests go before you with the word because you've never been here. You got to let the word go before you. What he was telling Joshua is Joshua, you can't lead this people. You have to be led to lead this people. And when Joshua did that, church, things always worked out. So Joshua now he's coming to Jericho, but he doesn't immediately go and attack it. But what does he do? He sends two spies over there. Why? Because sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Joshua doesn't need to know what the condition is in Jericho, but he's led to send those two spies in there. And they go in there and what do they do? They find a child of God because God always makes a provision. God always knows his own. He's not going to lose any of those. And he said this, brother Abraham says, Joshua had faith in his own commission as Moses had faith. Things went wrong for Moses. Looked like he failed many times, but he rolled through it triumphantly and died on the rock. Take some take heart this evening. We fail, don't we? He says, "Looks like he failed many times, but he rode through it triumphantly." God always brought him through. He says the angels packed him away. He said, "God, let me go like that. Let me hold my commission till someday when I get ready to die, I'll see the rock laying there by me." He said, Joshua is keeping his commission. God will hold it sacredly because he stayed right with the word. That's our direction this evening. He says, "Now Rahab knew that Joshua had his this commission." He says, "Now, don't miss it. Hold these things in your heart. Joshua had the commission, but Rahab recognized it before she saw anything." He said, "She knew Joshua had this." Church, we're preaching on an absolute power. Joshua had the power of God that was going to take the land. She asked for mercy. We preached on it many times how that someone's eternal destination so often rests in our hands. Not because they're a member of the bride, but because they are not necessarily a member of the bride. Now, Rahab was a child of God. She was a daughter of God. She was a a member of the bride, we could put it that way, of the elect. But there are people we deal with day in and day out. And what happened here was that Rahab showed mercy to those spies and she hid them away from the king and then she lied to the king. She put her life and her family's life and all of her possessions on the line to save these two spies of an enemy. And then she went up and she said, "Listen, they've gone. You're going to have to go over the wall." But she said, "Look, I know that God has given you this land." She's never met Joshua. She's never seen anything, but she's heard of this God. And she says,"I know that God has given you the land. I know God is with you." She says, "And all I'm asking is that this God that is the real God would show me mercy." And they said, "Listen, hang this cord in your window and we promise you'll have mercy." People don't know that they're asking for mercy sometimes. And they may hand us a cup of water. They may stand up for us at work. They may help us out in our home. They may give us a pat on the back. They may encourage us somehow. And we can stand there on that day and say, "Lord, they asked for mercy. They didn't know it, but I want to stand and ask for mercy for them." Let me tell you, our attitude matters so much, church. There's a reason why we need to get sweet in the spirit every morning. That we don't go out all grumpy. Amen. Sometimes I go out grumpy. Sometimes I go out grumpy and it never works out well for me or anybody else. We need to sweeten our lives with prayer. Amen. to go into the presence of God and dedicate every day to him and say, "Lord, let me be a hand of mercy rather than cause somebody to be the carnal beast that they are. Lord, let me pull mercy out of somebody else that I could be your hands and feet and your mouth today." But I want you to catch this thought. Brother Bram says, "What is it that caught Rahab's attention? It was a child of God following his commission. Not being swayed, not being moved, not trying to inject himself. Amen. It was a child of God doing what God told him to do. It was a child of God crossing Jordan the way God had told him to. Put the word before you. And then what happened then, church? When you put the word in front of you, the supernatural always follows. And what did it do? It stood a flooded river on its head and it backed it up for kilometer after kilometer while those people crossed over. Not only did they cross over, but it held it up while they went into the middle and pulled out 12 stones as a memorial of the supernatural power of the word going before the people. It was a child of God under supreme authority by the word of God that Ra Rahab saw. [Music] You say, "Well, that's Joshua." Caleb had the same commission, church. It's for, that's why I said at the beginning, it's for everyone that's a part of the covenant. We want to put the commission on the leadership. No. Behold, I send unto you. It's your commission. It's your message. It's your inheritance. It's your promise. It's your word. It's given to you to take it. Caleb was just another He was He was just a person. Caleb wasn't some great guy in and of himself. He was just a a lay member if we could put it that way. But if you look at Caleb's story in Joshua 15, he come remember he said Joshua give me my mountain in Joshua 14. And so Caleb went up and he defeated the father the the the chief of the giants and then he defeated his three sons one after another. So he's killed four giants now. But then Caleb starts to think because remember he's 85. He knows what happened to Joshua. As soon as Joshua stopped fighting, he got old and died. Caleb sees, he says, "My battle's almost over, but this is going to take a strong believer to hold the the kingdom." And so what does he do? He leaves the fifth one and he says, "Whoever can kill this giant and take this city, they can become my inheritor. They can marry my daughter and they'll get it all." And so what happened? A young man rose up, took the city, married his daughter, and he inherited all of Caleb, all of his inheritance, church. God's looking for young people that'll continue in the covenant. That's what he's looking for. Young people that'll pick up right where mom and dad left off. You know what? We're better off than we were because we've had people like Brother Mark and Sister Moren and Brother Bob and Sister Brenda and Brother Gerald and Sister Betty and our parents that have raised us up in the message of the hour. We don't have to start from ground zero. There's a foundation that's built. There's a character that's been shown to us. There's a there's a way of living that we've seen that works and we've seen the results of it. So, we don't have to make mistakes. We start further ahead. I've said before that there's, you know, I've talked about brother Paul. I admire brother Paul as a young man. He's not so old anymore, but I believe he's further ahead than I was at his age. Why? Because he picked up where others left off. He learned from their mistakes. He took their wisdom and he applied it so that he could start out faster and he's moving faster and faster. I've said this about some senior ministers around the message. They say the young ministers are catching things faster and faster. Things that took us 30 years, they're getting so fast because why? They're not trying to build it up again, but they're stepping on the foundation that was already laid and they're building from there. Amen. God's looking for a generation of young people that'll take him at his word, that'll stay with it, that know that it's proven, and they'll put their lives on the line, and they'll start out the right way. And that puts them so far ahead. Church, we're not getting out of here unless all of us have rapturing faith. Do you know that? We all got to catch up at some point. Listen, Brother Bob and Brother Mark and their their their spouses, they might have rapturing faith tonight. I don't know. But listen, they don't get to go until you and I have it. from the youngest to the oldest. We've all got to be in that unity with Christ. We've all got to know who we are and we've all got to know what our time and our commission is. We've all got to get out of here at the same time. Amen. In this age of rights and offenses and self-entitlement and all these things that are rolling around, there's going to there is a there's not going to come. There is a generation that will overcome that'll take God at his word and will walk out of this without seeing death. You might not have known your Moses. Listen, I wasn't around to see all the things Brother Brandham did. And they're fast dying out the ones that did. But listen, we've got to know God's still alive. What was God saying to Joshua? He's saying, Joshua, the God of Moses is the God of Joshua. The God of William Brandom is the God of you. He's not dead. He's still alive. He still wants to have the same relationship. He still wants to do the same things. Remember what brother Brham said? He says when the when the bride or the church recognizes who she is and that she can do the greater works. See, it's not just about knowing who you are, but to know what he wants you to do. Now, when we do that, he says the rapture will go. It's a bride that recognizes who she is from the young to the old, from the toes to the top of the head. Amen. God's looking for people that'll take up their commission. I was reading in my devotions again on Monday. Monday was a very good devotions morning and I read the scripture and I'd read it before and I didn't have a single thing underlined in it. It's just the way things work sometimes, you know. But I it really struck me as I was reading it just with these things on my heart knowing what I would be preaching. And watch how God speaks now through David. It says when Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people of strange language, it says Judah was his sanctuary and Israel was his dominion. Now that word sanctuary means a place that is set apart. It is the consecrated and holy dwelling place. So Judah was the consecrated holy dwelling place of God. And then he said Israel was his dominion. And that word dominion means his government, his rule, his realm or his kingdom. So I want you to notice something, church. When God is with you, when God is in you, you are identified with God. Now that seems like an obvious thing to say perhaps, but so often we forget what it means to be a Holy Ghostfilled child of God. I think you're not just a child of God. You're not just a son of God. You're not just a a daughter of God. You're not just a Christian, but you are you are identified as he says here as the consecrated kingdom from which God rules and reigns. Now, that puts a whole different spin on it, doesn't it? It's not just God dwelling on me, but God rules and reigns and expresses his dominion through his people. And the sea saw it. What the sea saw? Judah his sanctuary and Israel his dominion and fled and Jordan was driven back. Church, what caused the Red Sea to separate? God and his people. What caused Jordan to roll back? God and his people. Paul said, "You are the temple of the living God." Jesus said, "Greater works than this shall you do." God is literally ruling and reigning from inside you tonight. And it says it caused the sea to fall back. Jordan was driven back. He says the mountains skipped like rams and the little hills like lambs. In other words, an earthquake shook them all. It moved them because of the presence of God with his people. He says, "What hailed thee, oh thou sea?" We sing. We we talk about the mighty oceans. And in Newfoundland, we know a lot about mighty oceans. Remember we had that storm a couple years ago on CBS where it took stones that were were dozens of tons and threw them up on the bank and pulled them off. That's what a mighty ocean does. And he says, "What do you a thou sea? Oh mighty ocean, what happened to you, buddy? You thought you were so strong and then all of a sudden you fled." He says, "What a thou see that thou fledest? Thou Jordan, you flooded river that nobody could cross. What happened that thou was driven back? What was it, church? Was it the people? Did they see brother Joshua and say, "Wow, what a man." No, it was God and his people that caused that to happen. He says, "Ye skip like rams and ye little hills like lambs." He says, "Tremble thou earth what? at the presence of the Lord and at the presence of the God of Jacob. David wrote that under inspiration of the Holy Spirit. But he wrote it by personal revelation cuz David had seen mountains dance and rivers pass away and giants fall before him and the supernatural take place in his life. Why? Not because of David, but because God had identified himself with a piece of flesh called David and done signs and wonders through his life. I want to remind us this evening how David got this victory, how David got this revelation, how David got this testimony because I want us to see that we have the exact same thing. When you look at David, David lived about 300 years after Judah or sorry after Joshua. So David was not alive to see the great conquest of Canaan. David was not around to see all the giants killed. David was not alive to see Jericho fall flat on its face without being touched by any uh battering rams or or anything like that. David was not alive to see Caleb take hein from the giants of Anch. David only had his Bible to tell him about that. And yet David writes about this. David had no personal knowledge of God killing a giant with a common man. But David had two things, church. He had a commission and he had an anointing. He had a commission and anointing. David didn't have sword lessons. He didn't have military training. He didn't have armor or great weapons. Church, what I'm trying to say is you've got what it takes if you've got the word and you've got the spirit to anoint it. You don't have to be some big shot. You don't have to have all this training. I was reading in my office there. Brother Bram said, "The weakest Christian," this is a direct quote, "the weakest Christian causes the devil to tremble." Brother Bram says, "If you will take him at his word." That's it. That's it. Once you what? You've received the spirit and you recognize that the word is meant for you, that's it. Hell starts to tremble because they know their time is short. They know there's a battle coming and they've got to lose. Amen. But the B says it this way. He says, "Look at David. Little David. David's about 15, remember? When he's out with the when he's out with the sheep, he's we between 12 and 15. So younger than my son. More like uh Levi, I guess, maybe. Or or Gabe. Gabe would be a good one. Gabe is David. this this evening if we want to think about this. Okay, we we we ascribe so much greatness to David. But let's put Gab's name in there tonight. Okay, Gabe. Gabe is David. Little Gabe, no doubt raised in a lovely believing home. His father Joseph, a great man of God, no doubt gathered all those boys around that night and had family prayer before they went to bed. probably read the scrolls, talked about great Jehovah that had opened up the Red Sea, and a great prophet, William Brandham, had brought them out following the pillar of fire. All these things. Why am I saying it, church? Because you've got to do the same things to get the same results. Fathers and mothers, we've got an obligation to raise our children in the fear and admonition of the Lord. He says, what happened that created faith? Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the word of God. He says, little David got to thinking of that. Little Gabe, start thinking, buddy. Church, too often we're waiting for us to get old, to have faith, to take God at his word. I'm using David for purpose this morning because David started at a young age and it carried him all the way to his death. We don't have to wait to get the Holy Ghost. We don't have to wait to take God at his word. We don't have to wait to have the supernatural in our life. We don't have to wait to hear from God. We don't have to wait to worship, to praise, to lift our hands. We don't have to wait to experience the reality of a living God in our life. If you want it, you can have it. It's that simple. He says, "Oh, of course, he was kind of the smallest one of the family." That's not Gabe. He says, "So they put him out to watch a few sheep and he was responsible for those sheep. And one day a lion came in and got one. And he thought, now what am I going to say to my father about the sheep being missing?" And he happened to remember that my father read from the scrolls and told me that God was a great God to deliver his people and that he would bless Israel and he was with Israel and all that circumcised are in that covenant. God's blessing is upon them. Now watch this. He says, "And I'm one of them. I'm circumcised and God's blessing is upon me. I have a right." He says, "One of my father sheep's gone, so I'm going after that sheep." Church, we've got to get out of this mentality that we're getting out of our rights if we insist on something. Not something that makes life easier. Something that he promised belonged to you and I. It ain't wrong to claim your promise. Like I said, we've got to go through trials. We've got to go through temptations. We've got to go through difficult times. But the way we go through it is not up to Satan. We've got a choice if we go through God's way or we go through a different way. And there are things that we have an absolute redemptive right to say you have no place in my life, in my body, in my family. Amen. Watch when we get in the book of Acts church. Nothing stood before the disciples. Nothing. Death, disease, demons, ministry, self-righteous people. None of it. None of it stood before them. fakers, pretended brothers, it doesn't matter. All bowed before the power of the disciples because it wasn't them. It was almighty God working through them. Amen. David was commissioned to be king of Israel and he was anointed by Samuel. And from that day, the scripture says the spirit of a king, the spirit of God came on him, left Saul, went to him and that spirit of God was there to guide him into the fullness of his commission. Remember, powers given with purpose. And God poured out his spirit on David to get him ready to be king. But what's the first thing God does to a believer, church? He always brings them to the word. God doesn't fill you with his spirit and then take you to his word. He gives you his word and then he brings his spirit to make it live. And we see that in the scriptures in Acts in particular where Peter comes down and he preaches and what does he do? He gives them the word. They receive it. They see themselves in it. and they receive the power now to go and do it. Then Peter goes to uh the house of Cornelius and while he's speaking it, they're eating what he's laying down. They're picking up what he's laying down. And God gave them the spirit then. Why? Because they had received their word. They recognized it was for them. And so God filled them with the spirit. Why? So they could go out and be his witnesses and testify of the living grace of Jesus Christ in their life. Amen. So God gives you the word and then when you receive it, he anoints you to step into the reality of it. That's the way that God's working in us. Amen. That's what the Holy Spirit is given for is to bring the reality of the word of God. And so David now, he's anointed to be king. And he goes out back to being a shepherd. Now, that's great for the sheep when you got a king that's watching over you. And David goes out, he has all these supernatural experiences. And what was it? It was God teaching David that if you believe in your commission and you take me at your word, nothing can stand before you. That's it. It's that simple. Now, it wasn't that simple. But it is that simple because the first thing he gets is a lion. Now, I don't know if you know anything about lions, but one thing's for sure. You don't want to mess with a lion when you're a 13 or 14 or 15 year old. Even with a rifle or a spear, you don't want to do it. But guess what? David learned to tango with a lion and win. And then he learned with a bear and he had the exact same experience. Amen. God was showing David what? I'm with you. You don't have to fear. And when you're in the line of duty, as humble as it may be, come on, as humble as it may be. Too often we think what we're doing is just our life. It's too humble. No. If you're in the line of duty, you have a commission that backs you up with the power of God. If you can remember, you have a commission. From our mothers at home to our fathers at work and everything in between, the young people, if you are walking in the line of duty, there's a commission for you in the word of God. Daniel had a commission. Look what it did for him in a land of slavery, in a land where they tried to force him to do things. And he says, "No, I'm going to keep myself clean." And he did. And God blessed him for it. David was being prepared for greater and greater things. And how many times have I said it? The things we face today are to prepare us for things tomorrow. And we're going to preach on this in a couple services. But the faith that we have today, the experiences we have today are imperfect. there in part. But there's coming a day where we walk into perfect faith and perfect and absolute power. And it'll take us right off of this planet. What we're doing today will transition us into eternity. It's here for time, but it's going to take us into eternity as we step into it. As Christ comes down, that's really the absolute. When Christ himself unites with the body, then nothing will stop us. We'll walk out of this without seeing death under the perfect headship of Christ. But remember, David is sent. David doesn't go find the battle. He's under headship. And headship sends him to where he's needed. Amen. David was not, as his brother accused him of, going out to try and get in the battle or or or be just a sly little kid or or whatever. David went because his father told him, and he did exactly what his father told him to do. David comes up just as the as Goliath walks out and he hears his challenge. And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, "What shall be done to the man that kleth this Philistine and taketh away the reproach from Israel? For who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he should defy the armies of the living God?" I've preached on this before. Why is David talking about circumcision? Because David has received his commission and he understands that there's a requirement to receive that commission. David's saying, "I've got the evidence of being a part of the covenant of Almighty God, and this guy doesn't. So why is he still alive?" He's he's putting himself in Joshua's shoes, and he's saying, "No man shall stand before thee everywhere that the soul of your foot shall tread." So he's saying, "How is this guy still alive? We got an army of circumcised sons of God standing here and we've got an uncircumcised guy standing there. Why is he still alive, guys? He's trying to wake them up to who they were. Trying to remind them. David's saying, "We're children of the promise. We're the seed of Abraham. We've already killed these guys before. What are we waiting for?" Abraham has this beautiful quote. He says, "David said, 'You mean to tell me that uncircumcised Philistine?" He says, "Otherwise, that uncchristianized, that man who doesn't." He says, "What is circumcision?" He says, "That man out there with the Holy Ghost." He says, "That uncir that uncchristianized man with all of his deities can stand and defy the living God." He says, "Oh my, how can he do it?" Said, "He's uncircumcised." See, David's David doesn't have to do this. I love how Brother Bram says this about David. He says, "David didn't have to get prayed up, David was already prayed up." See, when David was sitting there with the sheep, he was sitting around and he's reading his word and he's singing his songs and he's sitting there and he's got a checklist in his hand and he's saying, "Okay, this is what God said to Joshua." God said, "This is the land that I've given you." Okay, where's that land? It's here. Okay, check. I'm in the right land. Now, who is this for? It's for the seed of Abraham. Am I a seed of Abraham? Yes. How do I know it? I've got the circumcision in my body. Check. So when David comes up on the Philistine, he's got who he is all checked off on his list of the covenant. So when he comes up and he sees this, David is saying, "Guys, you got to wake up. Look on the side of the covenant this guy is on. We're on the winning side. He's on the losing side. He's a Philistine. God named them by name to say that we can kill him." David's coming in prepared. He's read his word. He knows his commission. He knows which side of the word he's on. And everything that's contrary to him has to be on the losing side. He doesn't have to go prayed up because he already knows who he is. He knows who's with him. He knows what he's doing. He knows God is with him. And so when the situation presents itself, he says, "All right, let's deal with this once and for all." and he shames them because grown men bigger than him, remember his his brother was big and strong. But his brother didn't believe God was still alive. And that's one thing David knew was God was still alive and he's with me. David says he's a defeated enemy. He's literally named in our scriptures, guys, as a defeated enemy. Brother Ramwood tells time and time again, "You're facing a defeated enemy. You're facing a defeated enemy." But all he's trying to do is make himself look bigger and bigger and bigger so that you don't even try and fight him. Cuz the minute you start fighting, church, he's going down. He's going down. Remember, Brother Bram talks about that, I think it was that dream where the devil came up and the devil kept saying, "Boo, boo, boo." He says, "And as he said boo," I it pushed me back and I got smaller and smaller. But then something struck and I said, "Boo back and he started to take a step back and he got smaller and smaller and smaller until I could defeat him." Sometimes we need to remind ourselves who we are. Listen, when David went to Ziglag, remember David was all messed up, church, he was backsliding. He was with the Philistines. And remember the the the king's captain said, "Listen, don't take this guy out against the Israelites cuz he'll turn on us and we'll definitely lose." So the king sent him back, but while he was gone, the enemy had come in and they' taken his family and his friends families and everything. They burned Zigleg. And the scripture says David what? He strengthened himself in the Lord. Listen, we make mistakes. Sometimes we're not where we ought to be, but it doesn't change the fact that we're a child of God and that we can come back to him and say, "Lord, help me out. I'm sorry. I messed up. I made a mistake. And then David said, 'Lord, what do I do? And God said, what? Pursue, for thou shalt recover all. All backslid in David, living where he ought not to live. And God said, "Pursue and recover all." But David encouraged himself in the Lord. He reminded himself of his anointing, of his commission, of his promise, and of his purpose. And then he said, "God, what do you want your servant to do?" and God led him back to victory. Amen. You're meant to defeat Satan. You're meant to defeat anything and everything that stands before you without exception. You know what I love? I was thinking about this before service. God is so confident we're going to overcome that he's already got a prize for us. You know how they have these things where they they have a prize and um there's a guy in the Olympics, I don't know if you know this, a little sidebar. He's the world's greatest high jumper. And the way it works with high jumping is if you have to beat it by um I think 1 centimeter to break the record. That's the only increments they go in is one centimeter. And so he knows he can jump higher, but every time he breaks the record, he gets $100,000. So he always every meet he raises it by one centimeter at a time because he gets 100 grand every single time. Even though he knows he can jump 10 centimeters higher, he only goes a centimeter at a time. Why? Because there's a prize for those that can pass the bar. Brilliant. And he's making a lot of money doing it bit by bit, gaming the system, right? But what am I saying? God doesn't have prizes for things that aren't going to be won. To him that overcomemeth. To him that overcomemeth. To him that overcomemeth. To him that overcomemeth. He's got a commission and he's got a power because he's know there's something he's going to take it. Somebody's going to stand up and move with it. Amen. We look at David. We say, "Well, he's a giant killer." We look at Caleb, he's a giant killer. We look at all these things. Listen, church, we're all giant killers. That's where we'll finish this evening. Look at this. David said to Saul, "Let no man's heart fail because of him. Thy servant shall go and fight with this Philistine. And Saul said to David, thou are not able to go up against this Philistine. Church, this is the same anointing that was on the 10 spies and the children of Israel. We're not able to go up against this Philistine to fight with him, for thou art but a youth, and he is a man of war from his youth. Listen, Saul had forgotten rookies beat him last time. And old men, old men and rookies had beaten the the Giants the last time because Saul's under an evil spirit. an unbelieving spirit. There's no faith there. Says, "And David said unto Saul, thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock, and I went out after him, and smokeote him, and delivered it out of his mouth, and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smokeote him, and slew him. Thy servants slew both the lion and the bear, and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he had defied the armies of the living God. See, Saul had forgotten his position. David's saying, "Listen, we're all children of Abraham. We're all circumcised. We're all under the covenant." And this guy's standing here laughing at us because we've forgotten who we are. He says, "I know who I am. I know God's with me. and I know God's alive and well. He says, "David said, moreover, the Lord that delivered me out of the paw of the lion and the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine." And Saul said unto David, "Go, and the Lord be with thee." David had three things. He had a sign of the covenant in his body. He knew he was in the land, and he knew he was commissioned and anointed to destroy Israel's enemies. Remember, power comes with purpose. And David's anointed. Everything that David's experienced thus far is to take him to Goliath. And then after Goliath, he's got a bunch of things. And we see that David's character is already welldeveloped here. But his character will stand him there. He doesn't put everyone down. He doesn't say, "King, how are you king and you don't even believe? How are you leading it?" No, no. He just says, "Listen, I'll take care of it." And then he walks out. Listen to this quote. I love this. I'm trying to encourage you tonight. Amen. I'm trying to let you see where you are. That you've got power in the commission of the word as a believer that's received it. Brother says, "I like David." He knew that Samuel the prophet had poured the oil on his head. He had a commission. He came up there to the army that day and there stood big old Goliath over there making his boast and the armies of God all backed up with their theology. They were Israelites and circumcised and so forth, but scared. He says, "Oh, that reminds me of the church today. Scared to make a move." Notice they had everything they needed. They were everything they were supposed to be except one thing. They didn't remember who they were. They had no revelation. And so fear dominated. He said he came out and made a boast. But the wrong man heard it. I love that. A little old scrawny runy looking boy with a piece of sheepkin wrapped around him said, "You mean to tell me you cowards will stand there and let that uncircumcised Philistine defy the armies of the living God?" He said he was ready to put what he had to action. Now, I want you to realize what did David have to put into action physically. I'm talking about he had a shepherd's staff and a shepherd's sling. That's it. Brother Abraham said, "What? An inch of armor on on Goliath and you're going to go up with him with sticks and stones." Which is why Goliath laughed when he came up. He says, "You come to me with sticks and stones like a dog." Really? But church, remember, God had used that before. It's not about what you have. It's is God behind it. That's the lesson we're trying to get here. It's not what you have, it's will you put it into action? Will you put it into action? He says, "Hallelujah. That's what we need tonight is to get somebody who will take what you got and put it into action." He says, "Let your faith go." Why? He told Saw, "Your servant was hurting his father's sheep. A lion came up to get a lamb, and I took a slingshot, knocked him down. He rose up against me. I took my knife and killed him." He said, "A bear went after another one. I took it out of his mouth." He said, "God, help me to do that. How much more will he, that uncircumcised Philistine who's defined the armies of the living God." Church, we've got to build on our experiences. Amen. Let's let God be God today, not just God yesterday, and not put him off till tomorrow. Let God be God today. He's the I am. He's the everpresent help in time of trouble. He says, "Now I don't see where any great big names and so forth, but it's a real man of God. The Holy Ghost saved me. The Holy Ghost gave me this. The Holy Ghost is good enough for me to trust." He says, "I know if I just put him to action, it's his word. God will bring it to pass. Certainly, if you only knew what you know and put your faith to work, God will do the same thing for you. The God of Moses is not dead. The God of David's not dead. He says, "This God still alive." Amen. I'm preaching to you that the God of J Joshua, the God of David, the God of Brother Brandham is still alive tonight. We've seen him move. We've seen him heal. We've seen him deliver. We've seen him provide. We've seen him change hearts. We've seen him restore. We've got testimonies in every family here of these things. I know cuz I've talked to all of you. God's not dead. Amen. Notice David under this revelation, he did not stop to consider, but having given his testimony of who he was and that God was with him, he ran toward Goliath. He did not walk, tread, or tread carefully. He did not skullk, you know, just trying to duck, make sure that spear didn't get him before he could get in range. David ran towards Goliath. Church, that's what faith does. We don't have to stand back, treat it with kid gloves. We can say, "I'm a child of God." You're going down. [Music] David said, "Everything you've said to me, Goliath, you said you're going to feed me to the birds and this one and that one." He says, "Everything you said to me, I'm going to do to you." He says, "Why? Because you've defied God. This ain't about me. It's about God." Amen. He went into action. He killed that giant. Church, David called his shot. I like what brother Grant was saying on Wednesday night. You know what David did? David prophesied. David called a shot. We know what it means to call your shot, right? Remember Babe Ruth? He's standing there and he take he takes his bat and he points at center field and then he comes back and he hits the monster homer, right? He called his shot. Mark Messier did it in in one of the playoffs or one of the games that was critical for them. I think it was a game six and then they went on to win game seven and he called his shot. He said he was going to score and he went and he scored. David called his shot standing and facing a 10-ft giant as a 15-year-old with a shepherd's sling and a stick. That's faith, church. That's knowing your commission. That's accepting your commission. That's trusting the power of the word of God. Amen. David doesn't God didn't come down to David and say, "Now, David, here's what I want you to say to Goliath." See, we think prophecy has to come lip to ear. Church, if you're repeating this, you're prophesying. Remember what the what the angel said to to John in the in Revelation 10. He says, "You must prophesy again." Same thing. The message doesn't change, but you got to put it on your lips. You got to take it in your life. When we take this on our lips, and it is anointed by God because it's the right time and the right season, we prophesy just by taking the word and repeating back what God has already said. Amen. David knew who he was. He knew his anointing. He knew his commission. He knew all these things. So all he did was say out loud what he already knew about himself. That's all God's asking us to do. Church, I've said it before. We have to speak to the mountain, not think about the mountain. Speak to the mountain. Say what you know about the situation. Say what you know about yourself. And when you speak it out loud, it allows the word to go forth. Because until then, it's a thought, not a word. But when you speak it, it becomes word. And what did go what did David say to Goliath? He says, "Goliath, you're a dead man standing and you don't know it. You don't know it." And what did he do? He ran towards Goliath. And Goliath got a taste of what prophecy felt like. He didn't feel much. Hit him in the head, knocked him down, chopped his head off. That's what prophecy feels like for Satan. That's why he's up in a tizzy because he knows his time is short. But I, if you notice something, and we're closing here tonight. As soon as Goliath gets knocked down, what happens to the rest of the Israelites? Right? All of a sudden, they're like, "I'm a child of God. I've got weapons. I got skills." No, you don't. But you're a child of God, and that's what matters. Enthusiasm will get you killed. Faith, on the other hand, will keep you alive. But notice, David knows who he is. He kills the the the giant and all of a sudden everybody's like, "Hey, I'm a great warrior, too." And they chased them all the way back to Gaza. They chased him all the way back to their capital city, killing them all along the way. Took all their stuff and then came back. Look at us. Yeah, you stood there for day after day after day letting this guy mock you. But church, all it took was one son of God reminding them of who they were and showing it by his actions that it was a reality in his life. I've said it before. Sometimes the reason you're going through this is because you've got faith to go through it and the person next to you doesn't. So, you're going first so they can get faith for theirs. That's why God picks us cuz he knows we'll go through it with grace. And we'll come out victorious on the other side. Amen. David didn't just recognize he was a child of God. He knew he was a child of God. Big difference. Why? He acted on it. when we look down at David's life and as far as we know he never killed another giant but what we see is that when you kill a giant other people realize that giants can be killed you know we see this in the sports world especially that there are records that people think will never be broken and then what happens is somebody breaks them and usually what happens is right after that a couple more people will continue and extend that record even further because nobody thought it was possible posible until somebody did it. And once somebody does, they realize if I just train that little bit harder, if I just go that little bit more, I can break it, too. And they just start to fall like dominoes. And you'll see records that people thought could never fail, never fall, get broken. Why? They realize you can do it. And when David killed a man that nobody thought could be killed, they realized, guess what? There's more giants out there. And if Goliath can be killed, the rest of them can be killed. You look through and and you know, we look at this and David, like I said, we look at him, we say, "Well, he's a king. He's got the spirit of God on him. He's got a special commission. He's a great hero. He's got, you know, he's a a man like unto God's own heart. That's the one that killed the first one." But I want you to look at the men that killed him, the rest of them. Because David didn't kill. There's four more coming. David didn't kill any of them. In fact, one of them almost killed David. But what I'm trying to show you is that it's not not many mighty, not many wise, right? The way the world looks at it, church, we're nothing. But when God calls us, it doesn't matter what we look like. Doesn't matter how strong or how weak we think we are. Some are called to more, but all are called to overcome. You look at this. These men start to realize they can kill giants. And 1st Samuel 17, David gets to goes to war and he gets knocked down by a giant, but Abashai jumps in and kills him. Kills the giant and saves David. And that's when they said to David, "David, you're not going to war anymore cuz you're the light of Israel. And if we lose you, we've lost everything." But you know what? That got David in trouble. You're not allowed to stop fighting, Brother Bob. Sister Brenda, you're not allowed to stop fighting. Sister Morin, Brother Mark, Brother David, you're not allowed to stop fighting, Brother David. Because when you stop fighting, you get in trouble. Amen. But what happened is Abashai, now you look at Abashai. Abashai is one of David's top. He's listed in the top 30. He might have even been in top three. I didn't look it up. But he's one of the mighty men of David. You say, "Well, there you go, brother John. Let's look at the next one." A while later, they go out to war again. They were they had a great giant as a champion, and now an Israelite captain kills him. Not one of the top 30. Maybe one of the top 100 kills him. You say, 'Well, those are great warriors. I'm not. Look at the next one. In another battle, Goliath's brother comes out and now he's killed by a common foot soldier, just a regular grunt, not some big shot. He's only mentioned once in the Bible, and that's for killing a giant. He doesn't have any big rank. He's not a big leader in the army. He's just a soldier. And then lastly, this sixf figured, six-fingered, six-toed giant comes out, and he's the last of all of them. And then a nephew of David walks out and kills him. And look at what it says here. It says, "These four were born to the giant in Gath and fell by the hand of David and by the hand of his servants." Amen. What happened, church? someone got the victory and everyone else realized if they can get the victory, I can get the victory. And it just started to spread through the ranks until the lowliest of the lowest soldiers realized I'm a giant killer. I'm a son of God. I'm a sinkilling daughter of God. Amen. I'm a child of God. These men had the same commission David did. They just didn't know it. The common people have the same commission the prophet has. The ministry has. There's no difference. You're all a part of the same promise. We're all a part of the same promise. There's no difference between me and my wife in the eyes of God in terms of the power that is behind us to take God at his word. Because his power is behind his word, not just behind you. That's what really matters in these things. Amen. Like brother Bram said, the weakest of saints cause sat causes Satan to tremble. How long do you think those giants terrorize that land? Cuz this is 20, 30 years later and they're just still fighting and causing issues. How long did they let them live? How long do we let things go, church, before we say, "Not today, Satan. You've taken your last breath. You've had your last moment. You've been walking around my mind long enough. You've been walking around my body long enough. Time for you to get out. Time for you to die." Amen. Once one fell, the rest started falling like dominoes. Now 30 years doesn't seem like much but when they had been there for decades for centuries breeding and terrorizing the people and then in an end all of them taken down in one one one span of time it's a wonderful thing. The people took courage as somebody stood up and said we are more than able to take the country. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand. Brother Bram says God's just looking for one person. Just one person that'll surrender, that'll put themselves in his hands, that'll take him at his word, that'll let their faith go to work. Brother B says that's the way revival happens. He says one person gets their fire lit, and it goes to the next person, the next person, the next person, and you'll find it's not all these special people. I'm amazed at the ones that stand out in scripture, their names memorialized. You look at Mary of Bethany, a woman that was of ill ill fame. You look like a you look at the woman that had a blood issue, known for disease or known for a condition, and then she says, "I got to get to Jesus." And she touches the hem of his garment and she's healed and she's memorialized in scripture for the rest of time. Amen. You got a Roman centurion that comes up and says, "Just speak the word." He's just a centurion. He's just a soldier. It's just common people, church. It's not big eyes and little U's. It's not anointed men only. You're all anointed. You're all commissioned. You're all authorized. Remember what a commission is? Permission with full power. You've got permission with full power to beat up on Satan every single day. Yo, we try and teach our boys, don't fight. I'm here to tell you, we're taking we're taking the cuffs off this evening. Fight. Fight. Don't let them walk around on your land. Don't let them walk around in your mind. Don't let him walk around in your home. Stand up and say, "I'm a child of God. I'm a daughter of God. I'm a son of God." Satan, time for you to get out. And then start praising God. Start worshiping God. Start repeating the word back to him. That's what defeats him. Remember what brother Ram said when Jesus was tempted. He said he didn't use any of his power. He used the word and the word alone because the word has the power to defeat Satan anywhere, anytime. You got to know your Bible and you got to know that it's yours. Amen. You do that, Satan starts to tremble. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Lord God, Lord, how thankful I am. How thankful we are, Lord, that from the least to the greatest, Lord. From the weakest to the strongest, from the least gifted to the most gifted, Lord, the only thing you're asking us to do is take you at your word, Lord. To just believe what you've said, believe what you've offered, Lord, and to act on it. So, Lord, I pray through this little service we've had, Lord, this humble thought, Lord, that you'd just inspire our faith. Lord, you see the battles we face. Lord, you see the things that keep us up at night. You see the things that cause our heart to just kind of clench and tighten at times. Lord, that takes away our appetite. Lord, you see these things that take away our peace and our rest. Lord, you see the giants that have been walking around our properties. Lord, I pray tonight, Lord, these days, these weeks as we move forward, Lord, we see the dominoes start to fall. Lord, that chains would be broken, Lord. That people would see the reality of you in their lives, Lord. The things that they've sought and prayed for, Lord. The things that they've looked for, the things that they have testified that they believe. Lord, Lord, I pray that you bring them to a reality of that. Lord, be with us, Lord. We need your help day by day. Lord, lift up our courage and our faith, Lord. Help us to just encourage oursel in the Lord to keep ourselves Lord in a right atmosphere Lord to dwell on the right things to feed on the right things Lord to look to the right things to fellowship on the right things Lord and just watch you come and move back up your word in our lives Lord we thank you for these things in Jesus Christ's name amen shout to the Lord 7:25 Five. My Jesus, [Music] my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your might. Mighty love, my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days. I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Amen. Praise the Lord. My comfort, my shelter, town ofu and strength. Amen. Hallelujah. All that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Power and majesty, praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Work of your hand forever. I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. In you I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Brother Vic, can you look up? Faith is the victory. Amen. Encamped along the hills of God. Remember that one. Faith is the victory that overcomes the world. I bet you that's it. Encamp along the hills of light. King Christian solders rise and press the battle near the night shall veil the glowing skies against the fall in veils below. Let all our strength be heard. Faith is the victory we know that overcomes the world. Faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. His banner over us is love. Our sword, the word of God. We tread the road, the saints above with shouts of triumph. Amen. By faith they like whirlwind spread swept on our field. The faith by which they coner death is still our shineing shield. Yes. Amen. Oh, faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. On every hand of fall we find drawn up in dread. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. were to the salvation's helmet on each head with truth all of our earth shall travel our tread and echo with our shout and faith Faith is the victory. Yes. Praise the Lord is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. To him that overcomes the foe, white rain shall be before the angels he shall know his name. Confess in heaven. Yes. Praise the Lord. And onward to the hills of light our hearts will love. We'll vish all the host of night in Jesus conquering name. Faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. Again, faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Faith. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We've been made more than conquerors. Let's sing that. We've been made more than conquerors. [Music] overcomeers in this life. Hallelujah. We've been victorious. Hallelujah. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made. Hallelujah. conquerors, overcomeers in this life. Praise the Lord. We may make victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. And we've been made more than coner all the covers in this life. Hallelujah. We may victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. I will praise the Lord. Not sure the number of that one either. Amen. No matter what tomorrow will bring, we will still praise the Lord. We'll say boo devil by the grace of God. Amen. I will praise the Lord. Amen. I will praise the Lord. Hallelujah. No matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store, I will praise the Lord and I will praise. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. Amen. No matter what tomorrow brings and what it has in store, I will praise the Lord and I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. Amen. No matter what tomorrow brings and what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Before we go, let's u let's sing Spread Your Wings, Little Eagle. It's 11:87. I'm going to ask brother Joe if he'd close in prayer tonight. Amen. So remember to pray one for another. Remember to pray for brother John as he would study to bring the word on Sunday if the Lord carries. and uh just keep each other held up in prayer because it's so it's so important that especially at this time cuz we we we know what brother Random said that it's later than we think and there's a lot happening behind the scenes that we may not see but God's getting ready to take his bride out of here. I believe it. Amen. Let's just sing that and brother Joe will close in prayer. R your wings. Amen. Little eagle [Music] and fly. Amen. You weren't born for the valley. You were born. Amen. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. of when wings little go and fly. Spread your wings [Music] and fly. Hallelujah. You were born for the valley. You were born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down. Drive your spirit to the ground. mount of with wings little and let's sing it one more time. Spread your wings little eagle. Spread your wings little eagle and fly. Oh, bless the Lord. Hallelujah. You weren't born for the valley. Hallelujah. You were born for the sky. Oh, let your trials get you down. Praise the Lord. And let your fear to the ground. M down with wings, little eagle and fly. [Music] Amen. Father, just thankful Lord for your word tonight. Thankful for that reminder, Lord of David. just a young person, Lord, and but with that simple childlike faith, Lord, that could just see who he was so clearly, Father. Lord, just understood his commission. And Father was willing to act on your leading, Lord, and putting his whole faith, putting his life, Lord, in your hands and and in your word. And Lord, that's what we desire, Lord, is to is to have that faith, Lord. And we know, Lord, that if you've filled us with your spirit, Lord, that that same faith, Lord, is is ours, Father, to be able to hear your your voice and to know your will, Lord. All of those things are in our possession tonight, Lord. And I just pray you help us, Lord, that we would just look at our lives, Lord, to examine ourselves, look for anything that might hinder us, Lord. And Father, we just want those things to be burned away, Lord, by your spirit. And we're asking, Lord, that you just help us each day, Lord, to be more and more of a a reflection of you, Father. Lord, to just each day, Father, to ask you what you would have us to do, Lord. And knowing, Lord, we're just not here, Lord, to kill time, Father. We're not here to just uh sit to the side, Lord, but you have something for each of us to do, Lord. And Lord, that's our our desire. And we know that's the the hallmark, Lord, of the children of God is that they're led by the spirit of God. And that's our desire, Lord. So, I just pray you help us each one, Father, to to seek that out, Lord. And I know you'll you'll speak to us, Lord, and you'll show us, Lord, your heart and and your will, Lord, when we desire those things when we when we seek you, Father, with with all of our heart. Help us to do that, Lord. We just thank you again for this service. Bless brother John, Lord, for his efforts, Lord, and his sacrifice, Father, tonight. and we just pray that you'd restore his strength. Be with him in the coming service. We pray for all the needs that were mentioned here tonight, Lord. And just all the unspoken requests, Lord. There's there's many needs, Lord. But there are promises, Lord, for every need, and we're just trusting in those tonight, Lord. And we just uh ask that you go before us now as we as we journey home, Father. Keep us through the rest of the week, Lord. Help us to feed on the right things, Lord. and Father, just to be sons and daughters, Lord, that you can be pleased with, Lord, and that you can use. We love you and ask all these things in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Holy [Music] I want you. [Music] I am going all I need and anger is of the souling [Music] King of sword. [Music] Victory is one. It's already over. Victory is one. already. It's already done. It's already done. Victory is won. is already done. I'm already here. I'm already here. The battle is over. Victory is one. I'm already here. It's already is already battle over. Victory is one is already done. I'm already here. I'm already here. The battle is over. Victory is one way.
