################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-03-20 - Deliverance Service & Prayer Line - Bro. Theo Ovid & Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-03-20
Title:   Deliverance Service & Prayer Line - Bro. Theo Ovid & Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJAwMm73jzU
========================================

is the king of kings and messiah is the lord of lord. Oh he is the king of kings and he is the lord of lord. Oh messiah is the king of kings and messiah. Give the lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh he is the king of kings. Oh, he is the Lord of lords. Oh yes. Well, he is the king of kings. And he is the Lord. Oh, how long? Oh, Messiah is the king of kings. Oh, and Messiah. Oh, one more time. Well, Messiah is the king of kings. And Messiah is the Lord of lords. Oh, there's one in Messiah. Oh, we praise Messiah. Oh, now now he is the king of kings. Oh, he is the Lord of lord. Oh, Messiah is the king of kings. And Messiah is the lord of [Applause] lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, have you come to praise him this morning? Where's your palm branches this morning? This is Palm Sunday. Let the whole world know that Messiah is a king. Messiah is a king. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, you come to praise him this morning. You come to worship him. You come to get in the spirit. You know when you're in the spirit, the devil can't get a hold of you. All your depression leaves you. Frustration leaves you and you're in the presence of God. Then he could drop down the Holy Spirit. Then he could drop down your promises for you. Then he could speak to your heart this morning. Oh, how many want to get in the spirit? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Give me a key for this song. Uh I have decided to follow Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. How many decided to follow Jesus this morning? Praise God. Amen. I have decided oh to follow Jesus. Well, I have decided to follow Jesus. Oh, and I have decided, oh, to follow Jesus. No turning back. Oh, no turning back. I have decided. I have decided. Oh, to follow Jes. Oh, I have I have decided oh to follow Jesus. I have decided oh to follow Jesus. No turning back. Oh no turn. Turn around and tell somebody one more time. Oh the cross before me. Oh and the world behind me. Oh the cross before me. The world behind me. Oh the cross before me. Oh, and the world behind me. No turning back. Oh, no turning back. Oh, say Jesus took my burden and he roll in the sea. Oh, he rolled them in the sea. I know he rolled him. Oh, and now I have a pass. Oh, that he has given me. Oh, cuz all my sins have he rolling. Oh, tell the devil where his burden is. Come on. Jesus took my Oh, and he rolling. He rolling. He rolling. He rolling. Oh, well. He rolling. Oh, and now I have a peace. Oh, that he has. Oh, because all my sins and Oh, he ro Oh, Jesus took well. Jesus took my Oh, and he rolled them. Oh, he rolled and he roll. Oh, he roll. He roll in the sea. Oh, and now I have a peace. Oh, that he has given me. Oh, cuz all my sins and [Music] burden. Oh, sing. He brought me out of the my way. Oh, he set my feet. He set my feet on a rock to stay. He put us on. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Let's sing it up. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty. Well, he set my feet. He set on a rock to say. He put a song in my soul to pass a song. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Well, the cloud of glory is Oh, this morning with a clap. Oh glor of glory alone. Oh Lord with a clown. Oh Lord. Oh well let your spirit run and let your strength be renewed. Come let us move on together. And as we follow the way he leads for new life we shall receive and we live with a cow. Oh. Oh. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh hallelujah. Oh our God is here this morning. Our God is here this morning. Oh let the redee say so. Say so this morning. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh I am covered. Oh covered. Well covered by his blood. Well and I am walking. Oh and I am living it. Oh now I am covered. Oh come. Oh covered by his love. Oh Jesus has rescued me. Oh one more time. Oh I am cover. Oh come well covered by his blood. Well and I am walking by faith and I am living. Oh, I am covered. Come over by his blood. You see Jesus have rescued me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Many many. Hallelujah. Oh, worship him this morning. Worship him and praise him. That's what we were created for. That's what the devil tried to take from us. But he can't take your by your praise this morning. He can't take my praise. Worthy is a lamb. Worthy is a lamb. Py is a lamb that was slain. Oh, we join the heavenly courts. We join the 420 elders. Oh hana, we join the four beasts. Oh, singing blessing and honor. Glory and power be unto the lamb forever and ever. Forever and ever and ever. Forever and ever and ever. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worthy is the lamb. Who? Oh, you can lift your hands this morning. Oh hallelujah. Oh crown you now with many crowns you reign victorious. You are high. Hallelujah. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory to your name Jesus. Hallelujah of God. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. The present heaven [Music] crucified. Oh, worthy. Worthy son. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy. Well, sing it. worthy. Oh, with all your heart. Seated on the [Music] throne. Throne. Oh, with all your heart. We crown you now. We crown you now. Oh God, with Oh God. Oh you victori. Oh, you are high and hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus, son of God. Of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven, theure of heaven crucified. Oh Lord. Oh, get lost in his presence. Hallelujah. Oh, get lost in his presence. Hallelujah. Oh, get lost in his presence. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Applause] lamb. Give the Lord a shout of praise. [Applause] [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Glory to God. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. Oh, we worship the Lord. We worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Let us bow heads forward a prayer. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Father, your prophet prophesied that we're going to have king lamb worship. All we see is Jesus worthy and honor and might and power, dominion unto the lamb forever and ever. For thou was worthy. Come and inhabit the praise of the people. Bring great victory today. Bring great deliverance today. Bring great breakthrough today. Confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Before you have your seat, just turn on and greet somebody in Jesus [Music] name. Come on, greet them with a smile on your face. Oh, singing worthy. The land [Music] seed to glory. You are high and lifted high. Oh [Music] Jesus son of God. Oh the treasure of never [Music] [Applause] crucified. Oh worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. God bless you. You may be seated. Oh, praise God. It feels so good to be in here this morning. Oh, it just feels awesome. Hallelujah. It just feel wonderful to be in his presence. unworthy creature we are that the mercies of God would come down and just show us with his blessings and his presence in this presence there is no fear presence there is faith there is expectation there is an assurance there's a peace there's a love hallelujah there is an anchor that he going to work all things well and he going to work things out and there's confidence of his love towards us that we were blind and miserable and wretched and God mercy come to open our eyes and and the grace of God we are where we are what we are how we are things might be bad but could have been worse so we are grateful hallelujah we doesn't have all what we want but he give us what we need we are grateful we not as strong as we we want to be but but we have strength we are grateful ful. We are thankful this morning. We we we appreciate him this morning. We want to say, Lord, we appreciate you for your goodness, for your grace, for your mercy. You didn't have to wake us up this morning. You didn't have to bring us out this day, but but you did. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. You give us a roof over our head, a bed to sleep on. You put food on our table. We are grateful this morning. How many want to give God thanks and praise for his goodness and his mercy? You may be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. Your wife may not be the best coconut country, but she's the lady of your life. Oh, hallelujah. We thank God for your wife. Your husband might the best man to clean around the yard, but he is the man in your life. Thank God for your husband. Thank God for your children. Thank God for your mother, father, brother, whoever wrong you. We are grateful. Praise God. We have one life to live. Oh, glory to God. This is the life God give us. We have one life to live and God put in our heart to praise him and to worship him. Oh, glory to God. And the beautiful thing about praising and worshiping God, God doesn't have to do anything for you, for you to worship him. He just deserves worship. He just deserves honor. He just deserves glory. Whether he heal you or he don't heal you, he still deserves honor. He still deserve praise. Whether you get a new job or you get a raise of pay, he still deserve honor. He still deserve praise. Whether he touch your body, touch your soul, he still deserve honor. He still from eternity to eternity, we be praising him. We have one life to live. And we want to live that life for his honor and his glory. It doesn't make no sense living for the devil. It doesn't make no sense working for the devil because the wages of sin is still there. But the gift of God is still eternal life. There is eternal life in Christ Jesus. You making me feel religious this morning. You're making me feel oldfashioned. Praise God. Sin killing, demon chasing. Oh, hallelujah. Heaven raising glorious gospel of the kingdom. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. To the world, we preach foolishness. But to you that are saved, it's the power of God. It's the cross of Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. Thank God I'm saved. Thank God for his salvation. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, praise God. Oh, God has blessed our life and God has blessed my life, blessed my family, blessed the church. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. I want to thank God for you, the church. standing with me. Oh, you're standing with this ministry. I want to bless you this morning and say thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you for your prayer, your support. Praise God. When all hell was against this ministry and the church and my family, you stood with me. God bless you. You didn't stand in vain. Hallelujah. Your faith was not in vain. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. certainly love and appreciate you. Amen. And what I've been preaching for the past years has been my core belief like core in terms of this is my inner being. Sovereignity of the local church, the freedom of the spirit, the holy ghost, certain things are just in resonate in my system, not the system of man and the power of of bishop and and and mother church and whatn not. All these things that's not part of my system. I have always been a feel that the saints should have that liberty of God. I see legalism over the years trying to conform people and pong them and push them and run with it. But there is nothing when the love of God take your heart and you understand the grace and the mercy and the opportunity that God has given you. Some people take it for granted. They're just carefree with it. But I can't be. Every day I'm grateful. Every day I'm thankful because he doesn't have to give me another day. Just think about Just think about it now. Many people not going to even reach your age, but God give you another day, another year, another time, another season. Praise. I didn't come to say all of that this morning, but such an atmosphere as I don't want to leave, but we leaving today coast. So, you got to pray for us as can I. But we have service on Easter uh Easter morning 8:00 and Easter Friday 5:00. So, be there. give support and God going to bless you tremendously. Do remember us in prayer for every coast and also in April when I get back have some meetings in Kentucky uh two churches have some services there also remember us in prayer. So in a great uh great uh expectation for God and God has given me real strength. I know it is strength of the Lord. God have touched my kidneys, touched my body. I can do what I've done for the past 2 years that God didn't help me physically. So I am very very grateful to God. There was such a great need and remember my testimony 2010 when the Lord spoke to my heart and said I'll be back on the fields. I wasn't in the field for many many years. The Lord spoke to me told my wife I said the Lord told me I was back in the fields. There was nobody. There was no calls. There was nothing. And 2012 the calls begin to come in and God fulfill his word. God never speaks something that he can't back up. God can't lie. If God speak it, if it's God, if it's God, he will vindicate [Applause] it. But there's a need. There's a need out there. And and now that God has opened up the word to us in such a positive way. Then you realize that a lot of things is like you say mirrors and shadows. It's just shadows. It's not the real thing. The real thing is Christ and you. Christ in you. That's the real thing. Not the church, not the organization, not the group, not the body a people, but Christ in you the hope of glory. And when you see that, you are individual powerhouse. You you become a source of God's. You see, you you become your own power source. Then afterwards, you have to plug into nobody. You plug into the source himself. The source coming inside of you. Then you become a source of God to go out to the world, to your family, to your loved ones. Isn't that beautiful this morning? Oh, hallelujah. And as you're growing, God, the the the weight of the world falling off of you, the old leaves of your life falling off of you. Depression begin to fall. Frustration begin to fall. You begin to grow in God. You get closer to God. You get more mature. The things that you couldn't overcome, you start to overcome because you recognize those things are petty. Those things, you're called to overcome it. Your struggle is great. It was a great struggle. You struggle whole week to be here, but you thank God your victory. You made it to be here. Oh, glory to God. This is the Sunday we call Palm Sunday. This when Jesus come down a little donkey. Praise God. Right in Jerusalem. He tell them, "Go and tell that man that donkey is for me." Go and tell them the master have need of that donkey. Hallelujah. That man going to release that donkey. Oh, glory to God. And you, God have need of you. Come on now. The devil have to Hey, devil have to let you go. The devil have to loose you because God want to ride you this morning. Oh, don't let me try to preach this morning. The preacher going to come and preach, but God want to ride you. Want to ride you this morning. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. My God. My God. Are we ready traveling? My look like we're having a revival the rest of the evening. Okay. Okay. So, we are sharing the service this morning and uh we would like you to stand and we want to go into the word Luke chapter 14 and Revelation chapter 18 for scripture reading by the grace of God. Luke chapter 14 reading from verse 16. Luke chapter 14. So when I finish Isaac but I'm going to come afterwards and minister to you and we have special service today. Then we have the prayer line reading from verse 16. Then he said, this is and then said he unto him, a certain man made a great supper and bade many, sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, come for all things are not ready. And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground and I must needs go and see it. I pray thee have me excused. Another said, I have bought five yolk of oxen and I have to prove them. I pray thee have me excused. Another said, I have married a wife and therefore I cannot come. So the servants came showed his lord these things. Then the master of the house being angry said to his servants, "Go out quickly into the streets and and lanes of the city and bring in hither of the poor and the mean and the halt and the blind." And the servant said, "Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room." And the Lord said unto the servant, "Go out into the highways, into the byways, go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled. For I say unto you, that none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper." Amen. Reading from Revelation 18 verse 1:5. And after these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory. He cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, "Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and has become a habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of a fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are wax rich through the abundance of her delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, "Come out from her, my people, that you be be not partakers of her sins, and that he received not of her plagues, for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God had remembered her iniquities." Let's bow our heads with a prayer. Father, we thank you for your word. Bless it. interpret our hearts, confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. And bless your people, your needy children that are here looking for a breakthrough, deliverance, touch, healing from you. Grant it, Father. Honor your word, Lord. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Just give God some praises as you are seated. [Music] I have a title this morning. And yet there is room. Amen. That's my title. Amen. I have an inspiration. Come out of Babylon. Come out of confusion. Amen. Because that is what Babylon is. I want to bring back something we said two Sundays are back from the seal of God. But was saying this, the first church started off at the pentecost where the Holy Spirit was poured out on believers. That is where the church started off. Started off where? At Pentecost. We saw the reaction of these believers and how it acted upon them, what they did, and the signs and wonders that followed them. Now after the closing of the church age about 300 years they sprung up a heresy among them called the doctrine of the nicolatan. It was a heresy and that word nicolatan means to conquer the ley. It was the introduction of men reign in the church without holy ghost structure of men. Okay we find out it was deeds to begin with the next church age to become a doctrine and then become persecution in the dark age. Then when Martin Luther come out seeing the spirit of God lead him out instead of letting the people stay free he organized the church and the image likened unto the beast. So clearly the prophet revealed what the image of the beast is. Any organized church is image unto the beast because the beast system is the Catholic church which was the first organized church and on her revelation 17 said she had blasphemous names and these names are like Baptist, Methodist, Pentecostal, Jehovah Witness. All these names are names of blasphemy because God didn't make that. God only making sons and daughters. In the last days, God promised sons and daughters. Methodist produced Methodist, Baptist produce Baptist. Pentecostal produce Pentecostal. But God's word produce sons and daughters. Amen. So God promises send Elijah the prophet to turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the fathers. So God called the mother church a and called it that she had daughters which is Protestant churches. So pot call black because both all are filthy in God's sight and it's a spirit. It's an organizational spirit. And once that take church, once that take over, then the people don't speak as individuals. They speak with a church voice. And that is the B system. When you're speaking with a church voice, when you no longer have the voice of God as an individual by revelation, Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Peter didn't speak for nobody. Jesus said, "Flesh and blood hath not revealed this unto you, but my father have revealed it unto you. And I said, thou art beaten, upon this rock, I will build my church, and the gates of hell will never prevail against it." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So when Martin Luther come out, seeing the spirit of God lead him out, instead of letting the people stay free, he organized the church, an image unto the beast, a political power lightened unto it. Watch. So then they organized the church and made an image unto the beast, a political organized power purpose to bind the people to to a creed instead of being free to worship and walk in the light. Hallelujah. Watch. Do you realize, Christian friends, that the antichrist, which is the mark of the beast? The antichrist. Anyone knows that the mark is a power? The beast is a power. Here we go. Are you ready? There's a power of the Catholic Church. There's a power of the Methodist Church. There's a power that's that is beast power. The Baptist church the same. All of them, the Pentecost are just as bad. So the prophet prophesied in 1955 around the 50s that there will come a message among the Gentiles that will bring the bride out. So many are being people being marked by the beast system and don't even know it. Listen to what the prophet said. He said, "Well, God bless you from seed of the antichrist." He said, "If you want to see real Christian genuine gifts and not impersonation, if you want to see real solid Christians walking and so salty till the earth is thirsting, we can't go down the street and tell what a Christian is anymore." They go down the street, they act the same, they talk the same all the time, cracking all kind of jokes, everything like that. When God said, "You'll give account for every idle word that you speak." What happened? Because, brother, you are let the devil come in and put it over your eyes. The first thing you know, hear the prophecy. The time will come when God will give a message and you'll be sealed in or out of the kingdom. There is the prophecy. That's right. A message will come that will produce the sealing in oral sealing out. No other thing. Sealing or sealed out. So therefore, when God give that message, you are sealed in or seal out the kingdom of God. Isn't that right? And the seal of God is the Holy Ghost. The mark of the beast is rejecting it. Amen. Or unbelief in the Holy Ghost or turning down the Holy Ghost. That is the mark of the beast. So the Holy Spirit come to seal you into the body of Christ. Not into a church. Hallelujah. That means you could go anywhere and worship. You could go any country and worship. You could go any church and worship. Because you're not sealing the church. Come on now. You are sealing the Christ. Oh, give the Lord a shout. So all this thing you have to come to this church is foolishness. You have to come to that church. That's nonsense. That's Babylon. Come out of her, my people. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. That's confusion. [Applause] My God. I always wondered about that in Revelation 18. I was wondering about that why the message was come out of Babylon. Now I know with all this other confusion there got to come aboard message a genuine echo message to say come out of Babylon. Babylon means confusion. In other words, when you come out there can be no confusion. Nothing messing your mind. You should know where you come from. You're supposed to know where you're going. You're supposed to know who you are, what you're going for. No confusion. Oh, thank God. We out of Babylon. Babylon is fallen. Babylon is fallen. Babylon is fallen. Oh, glory to God. The Holy Ghost is here. Babylon will come down. Every man's system will fall. And let me say it plain. Every man system built in this message of seven seas and seven thunders will fall. The only thing that going to stand is the word of God. Bible said we have received a kingdom that that that cannot be moved because everything that can be shaken will be shaken. Everything that can be shaken will be shaken. But we have received a kingdom that cannot be moved. Oh, hallelujah. When God put you in the kingdom, who could take you out of the kingdom? Who are these intellectual giants trying to put people out? They don't have a heaven. They don't have a hell. They can't keep anybody out. And yet There is room. Oh, glory to God. There is room for your family. Come on, preach back to me. There is room for your loved ones. There's room for the prostitute. There's room on the drunkard, call the lame, call the halt, call the blame. Yet there is room [Applause] Oh, give him praise. Give him worship. Give him glory. Glory to God. Yeah, there is room. You say, "But I'm a sinner." There is room. Lord, I'm back. I'm backing. Yeah, there is room. Lord, I'm struggling. There is room. Don't let the devil tell you otherwise. Yeah, there is room. Don't don't put put nobody out. You you didn't design the kingdom. You you didn't lay the foundation of it thereof. You you you didn't build it. You don't have the key to the door of it. So So you can't put anybody in and neither could you put anybody out. You you can't say this one not going to make it because they did this, that, and the other. You you you can't say this one can't make it because they fell here and they failed here and they did this here. You you can't say that. The the the the master said, "Go and find him. Find him. Find him. Find him. Find him." And the voice said, "It is done." But there is room. Come on now. Help me preach somebody. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Find him. Find him. Find him. And yet there is room. You may be seated. So much room. So much room. He tell them compel them. That's different from asking them to come. You know, that different from inviting them to come, you know, tell them I come to pick you up. I come here to wait on you. I carry a service this morning. I waiting until you come out. I buying a dress for you. I bring in a pants for you. I go buy you a tie. You have to be there this morning. This deliverance day. This is victory day. This is healing day. This is firefalling day. Don't let nobody think you they will kick you out the kingdom. They could put you out the kingdom. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Just a little more. Hallelujah. And the preacher going to preach something to you this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I love that parable. I love that story. You know what the master say? None of them who make the excuses. None of them who got invited will be receive taste of his supper. Remind me of the 2 million people that came out. 2 million people didn't go in. They just come out. Don't be like that. Don't be satisfied to come out. I'm not a Baptist. I'm not a par Catholic. I'm not a Pentecostal. You come out, but have you gone in? I'm in the message. I believe William Brown 4. That's good. You come out. But have you gone in? Hallelujah. Because the prophet himself, he brought a message. Amen. To go in. Message the Ephesians. Oh, praise God. All right. Now, let's go. Now, watch. This is from Christ the mission. God revealed. Here we go. God holds the key to the revelation of Christ himself. Schools of theology can never find it. That's right. Jesus said so. Amen. scripture Matthew 11:25 and 27 Jesus said, "I thank thee, Father, God of heavens and earth, that thou has hid these things from the eyes of the wise and prudent, and has revealed it to babes such as would learn." Jesus himself said he hide it from them, but revealed it to his elect. [Applause] So watch Isaiah said you have ears you can't hear, eyes you can't see. Cuz Isaiah said in the spirit, God has blinded your eyes. You're doing like Eve accepting the intellectual side and know nothing of the spirit of God. Won't they fall in the ditch? Both the leader and the blind too. The leader will fall with the blind cuz he's blind also. The leader fall, he's blind. leading the blind. They both fall into the ditch. Jesus said, "Let them alone. Let the blind lead the blind." We not responsible for the blind leading blind. We're responsible to bring the word to the elect. Thank God. God open your eyes. That you could hear and see and be free. Oh, hallelujah. God alone holds the key. He expressed the same thing in a previous scripture. Who do men say the son of man I am? And he told Peter thou art when Peter said thou art the Christ blessed thou Simon Jonah flesh and blood hast never revealed it to you but my father which is in heaven has revealed to you. So therefore here we go. There is no school, no theologians, no teaching of the Bible among any school that knows anything about it. They cannot know nothing about it. It's impossible for them to know anything about it. God has hid the senses of knowing it from the very elected teachers. Hallelujah. It's a personal individual affair with the person that Christ has revealed to them. Did you get that? It's not a group thing. It's a personal affair that Christ has revealed himself to you. Hallelujah. Sometime you wonder if people have ever met Christ. Have you met Christ? Have you met the Lord? Has he softened your heart? Speak to your heart. Has you shown him? Has he shown you his cross? Have you fell at his feet and experienced the dripping of his blood from off Calvary? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiply to me. There my burden soul found liberty at Calvary. Had you had a Calvary experience when you could sing at the cross? At the cross where I first saw the light tongue at the cross where my savior died. Hallelujah. There from cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood applied singing glory to his name. That is rich Christian experience. Not this intellectual mumbo jumbo sitting in a pew saying you're in the message. No. They got to have a heart shaking, demon chasing, blood covering, Holy Ghost anointing gospel. That's what's lacking. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Let's go. If you say he's been revealed to me and then the life that Christ produced here in the Bible doesn't produce life in you, you got the wrong revelation. Amen. So they not a talk thing. They not a talk show. You have talk show and comic show. This is not that. This is you have to have backing with your testimony. Isn't that right? Every denomination will bear fruit of itself of its own life. And if here we go that original vine ever put forth another shoot, it will bear grapes like it did the first time. Now this is what I like. the life of Jesus Christ ever puts forth another body of believers, it will bear the fruit of the first one did, they will write a book of acts behind it. Oh, you should give a scream on that one because that is the original church. That is what the prophet was sent to back to. In the book of Acts, who was in charge? Who was the bishop? Who was the pope? Who was the man in charge? Who was the man of the hour? It had none like that. The Holy Ghost sent Peter. So, the Holy Ghost sent Philillip. So, the Holy Ghost sent Paul. So, come on, give the Lord a scream in the [Applause] house. Here we go. So, if the church is to put forth another branch, it will be another book of Acts. It will be the acts of the Holy Ghost moving through the people. God is not known by education. That's right. That's right. You want a bigger bum? I'll keep reading. God, he is not known by how to explain it. Let that soak a little bit. Somebody want to explain the Trump. God is not known by that. Somebody want to explain the the new name. You can explain it. God is not known by explaining it. Explain the millennium. Explain the seven seal. Explain the seven thunders. God is not known by explanation. He is known watch by simplicity and revelation of Jesus Christ to the most illiterate person. You don't need education to get revelation. [Applause] Moses had education, Egyptian education. Moses was qualified. He had his degree and masters in the Egyptian arts. But when he killed the man, he ran with his degree, with his masters. He ran straight out of Egypt and went and established himself with a family relaxing for 40 years. That same man that ran when fire when fire came upon that man he said I can't talk. God say make mouth come continue. Come on now. Give me that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh you can't I can't do this. I can't press. I can't stand. Let that fire come once. Let that fire come upon your life once. When I get in peer pressure and all them young people trying to push me and all my friends trying to push me and this one trying to pull me. Let that fire come upon you once. Just once you be seated that fire wrecked Moses intellect when God finished with Moses and he meet his wife. He said where you going? He said, "I'm going to take over. I'm going back to Egypt. Not by might nor by power." The man going back to Egypt to take over. That's when a man met God. Nothing blocks him. Nothing stops him. Nothing interrupts him. That man is focused. That man don't care. That man is unstoppable. That man is invincible. That man cannot become con conquered. Oh, glory to God. That man is a oneman invincible. Help me. Sent by God. He is one sent. Some went, but this one was sent. Come on, say amen, somebody. Oh, glory to God. We not bother with who just went. Oh, but when God sent that something else, the whole heaven behind you, all the angels behind you, the fire behind you, the anointing behind you. Oh, glory to God. What a revival we're going to have. [Applause] So God is known by simplicity and a revelation of Jesus Christ to the most illiterate person not your the not your theology is a revelation of Jesus Christ upon this rock I'll build my church nor the rocks accepted nor the things accepted nor the Roman rock protestant rock nor the school nor the nothing but exactly the revelation of Jesus Christ through the new birth I hear ministers preach and you never hear Jesus Christ name once It's astonishing. A whole service and you're not even hearing name Jesus. My God. Every other thing could nobody do that. The Bible is the revelation of Jesus. John, all these mystery John the revelation of Jesus Christ which God give to him. All these symbols have to do with Jesus Christ. He's the mystery behind it. John say white horse rider bow with no arrow red horse pale horse that was John C but behind that had Paul Martin Arenas they couldn't see all of that that was stars in the right hand of God symbolized [Applause] so wherever you see the enemy don't just look at the enemy alone behind that have something hidden there come on now come on now give me a scripture preacher whenever the enemy come like a flood The spirit is always there to raise a standard. So the enemy come like a flood and you're feeling wrong and you're feeling drunk and and you're feeling like you're sinking. But God is here today to raise a standard in your life. Okay, here we go. Amen. So exactly the revelation of Jesus Christ through the new birth he he is born in there and listen he injects his own life your life is gone and the life of Christ is projecting itself through you with the preeminences to the people and they see the very life and works and signs and wonders that he did is doing the same thing through you. Outside of that, the rest of it is not even called to at all. Watch God's great revelation unfolding. By lack of this revelation is why we have so many different divisions among us. So much mockery, so much divisions because the people lack that revelation. They lack that revelation. The teachers, he didn't saying revelation making divisions. He is saying lack of revelation. What revelation? The lack of the revelation of Jesus Christ. Because if you understand it's the revelation of Jesus Christ, then no man will want to rule over no other man. Come on now. The five-fold ministry is not a permanent post. It's till we all come. Come on now. To the unity of the faith, to the knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man. Give the Lord some praises. [Applause] You take a little small glass of ocean water. It have the same contents as the whole ocean. You know, so a little piece of God in a son of God is just as God in a son of God, you know. Little piece, small piece, big piece. God have different offices and role. Like Elijah said when he passed through Giggal and Bethl and Jericho, he said, "What do you want?" He said double portion. He says ask a hard thing. My God. He says ask a big thing. That guy had faith. That guy had courage. He pressed after being told stay here. Stay here. You belong here. Put sit down here. He said no. I see something. That's when a man have a revelation. Not even the prophet could stop him. Come on now. You see, Elijah didn't give Elisha revelation. It was the Lord. It was the father. Did you get that? You may be seated. That is the prophet Elijah. The prophet say stay here at Jericho. He said no. Amen. Now our next obedient denominational group thinking believer said to the prophet tell me say some of them stay away the prophet tell them but that man you see you see you see think about it the Lord told Elijah what to do throw the man and pull it off gave him a taste to pull the fire and pull it off because when you pull it off it put a deep to call to a You see, he had to grow into his passion. He had to grow into his desire. He had to grow into power. He had to grow into vision. You don't born big. Come on. So, you have to grow into the mantle. So, first you just drop the mantle, pull it off, and walk away like you ain't do nothing. I a season. Drop it and pull it off. Wait, wait, wait, where you going? Where you going? Afterward, you had a cursing in your life. Like you're saying, you're crazy. Husband can't satisfy that. Man can satisfy that. Woman cast. Wife, husband, children, brother, money, house, car. It's a longing. It's a deep calling to a deep. You don't know you're hungry in the morning. You're hungry not for food. You're thirsting for God. Oh, it's a joy to preach to you cuz the Bible said the love of many going wax cold. But I feel your love waxing warm. Your love for Christ because of iniquity. The love of many service going harder and colder and dry and people just shaking their head. And God don't want to. God want you. Amen. God want you glory. God want Hallelujah. That's what God wants you to [Music] do. And when the joy come back, you know, bring back the joy. David say, I was glad when they said unto me, bring back the joy. The joy of the Lord is my strength. When you have a love for God to serve God, to service people. Oh, glory to God. The love of God breaking upon your soul. It too short to have. It too late to have grudges. Hallelujah. Short to hold enmity against people and despising this one. Why are you saying I believe the kingdom have room for your enemies too? For people you don't like. [Music] [Applause] Look, look, look. The people don't want to say amen on that one. Oh. Oh. Remember the prodical son, the big brother, the big brother thought he alone was getting everything. You know when the younger brother come and the father killed the fatted calf and give him the ring, I give him the robe. He outside. He don't want to come in again fight. Man had no revelation. Pure intellectual. Father tell him but son but but everything I have is yours. Al cow. You getting on so far? Cow. One ring, one robe, and a cocoa. Come on. You could do better than [Applause] that. Well, when I I was washing the car all along and I thought I was going to cook the car myself. I thought I was going to invite my friend. But father said you could have do that already. It's that one car we have. You could pick anyone. Fatted one, medium size one, slim one, thin one. But this my son was lost. Yet there is room. This my son was sick. Oh, tell somebody there is room. [Applause] So I don't care if your daughter wearing mini skirt, there is room. I don't care if your son smoking cigarette, there is room. [Applause] You may be seated here where there is no room. There is no room for you to say you're coming now. You now see the light. No, it have no room for that. It have no room for you to make style on them. So look at you now. Look at you now. Church long time. for 20 years ain't church waiting on you. That's what you have to do. Have no room for that. You have to be like God. Let the let the sun just shine on them. Let your blessing fall upon them. Oh, glory. Let your grace move out towards them. Let your grace reach unto them. Oh, glory to God. They can't stop you. They can't touch you because there is no fear in love. Love without love there is without with fear there is torment. With love, there is no torment. Nothing could hurt you when you're walking in that kind of love. Nothing could touch you. Come on now. It's supernatural. It's heavenly. We forcing we forcing some of you to stretch this morning. Might don't want to say amen, but we forcing you to stretch this morning. Yeah, you got a troublesome son, daughter, cousin, aunt, auntie, mommy, daddy, who houseman, wife, whoever it is, whoever giving trouble, you have to understand there is room. That's why that's why the door is shut yet. That's why the anointing has strike home yet because there is room that marking angel want to put a mark. Come on now. Glory. Right now, some of you being marked by God. Your reward comes after. Put a seal. Put a [Applause] mark. Watch. The Holy Ghost alone is the only revealer of the divine revelation of Christ. Notice he didn't say the five-fold. Hallelujah. Amen. Notice he didn't say apostle. or prophet or teacher or pastor or evangelist. He said the Holy Ghost alone. Even if the prophet preaches, it will be the Holy Ghost alone. If the prophet come here and preach this morning, it will take the Holy Ghost to reveal what is being spoken. So do you understand? It's the Holy Ghost alone. The Holy Ghost alone is the revealer of the divine revelation of Jesus Christ has been in all ages. Who does the word come to the prophet? That is right. And the prophet had to be vindicated first. Not because he said he was a prophet because he was born a prophet. Proved to be a prophet. And everything he said was exactly on the word and come to pass. Then men of old moved by the Holy Ghost. Look, John the Baptist would have never known Jesus if it hadn't been for the Holy Ghost pointing him out upon whom you see the dove descending. That's the one John could never know it except the Holy Ghost. Reveal it to him. Look him there. That's the Messiah. Listen close now. I want you not to fail to get this. No other church, no other sign, no other fellowship, no other government, no other testimony, no other creed, no denomination is accepted outside of this. God accepts nothing else but Christ in you. Amen. The hope of glory. The only thing that God recognizes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. No fellowship, no church, no creed, no denomination, no nothing. Everything else is dead. It is fragments that has to be cut off, pruned off, that Christ might live with preeminences in you. Hallelujah. You said it's my organization. That's got to be cut off, too. Yes, sir. I got so and so in there. This says, "My mother will tell me I'm a holy roller." That's got to be cut off, too. My husband want me to wear these shorts. That has got to be cut off, too. It's got to be cut off and pruned till it's you and Christ alone. Where does your friend come in now? And is that person really your friend? Or is it the devil with a mask of a friend face? That person that influencing your life, they influencing your life positively or negatively. They influencing you the right way or the wrong way. Is that really your friend? Jesus is a good friend. [Applause] And and he has love the kind of love that he has rebuked. Hallelujah. He say, "As many as I love, I rebuke." I'm chasen. Be zealous therefore and repent. Oh hallelujah. That's the kind of friend you want to have. A friend that will correct you. A friend that rebuke you. A friend that tell you when you're going wrong to encourage you in wrong. But say no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not the way we are going. Remember, think of it that people born of the spirit in this day in this great denominational age that we live in. That's why we going to be a paradox. You know, got everybody connected to this beast system and image system. So who are you? Nobody. Your son or son? their son. Amen. Amen. Remember what Jesus encountered? He he encountered Pharisees, Sadducees, Herodian, scribes. He encountered all of these people. He was a solo. Then John the Bapt was solo before him. Talking about there's one standing among you. Here come Jesus getting the crowd, the multitudes. He's be popular, healing the sick, raising the dead. He the Pharisees and scribes to get fight. Then have those who want them to to rebel and and fight Rome. And Jesus had to tell him, well, listen fellas, my kingdom is not of this world. So put on your swords and behave yourself. We talking talking different. Count it with all joy when you enter the dantations and trials. Forget Rome. We have a next kingdom coming. Isn't that right? So Jesus is doing what now? He's bringing and introducing a new thought into the whole system of things. Cuz this is all new. This shaking the system. It rocking the fire of the Pharisees, rocking the scribes. What he introducing? A new birth. You must be born again. Hallelujah. Your life have to change. You can't continue as you are. You hate I I tooth for to truth. But I say unto you, love your enemies. Start to jam the mind, interfere with the thoughts, jam the processes of of of of generations of law. He said to introduce grace, they find the woman in adultery act. And Moses law said stone. He said, "Yes, stoner if you have no sin." And all them have excuses to go. But yet there is room. Jesus said, "Who where are thine accusers?" Come on, say, "Amen, somebody." He said, "Woman, go and sin no more. Just go into the kingdom." Come on, give the Lord. Give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. So this is Jesus flipping things, turning things upside down, shaking up the community, shaking up the system. Amen. Hallelujah. One time try to squeeze them and say, "My hour is not yet come." They can't touch me. They can't touch me. They can't touch me because my hour is not yet come. Glory to God. And when you overcome, when you overcome, you say, "My come, what more shall I say?" Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And when your hour come, the devil can't stop it. When your hour of healing come, your hour of breakthrough come, your hour of deliverance come. And I believe it's here now today. But I believe your hour has come. The devil can't stop when your hour has come. Oh, let me finish off here now. [Applause] God vindicating in your life. He said something that you cannot do. proven himself. It's not you, it's him. You become a love slave to him to be bride. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Almost done. His presence in the individual only in an individual. Never in a group. An individual. Not in a group. Who said that? The prophet said that. Who could speak contrary to that? We challenge that. Not a group. Hallelujah. It's with the individual. That means no man could stop you from receiving your portion today. You didn't get that. You did not get that. Oh glory. You see brother Bam and discernment on the platform. People are coming up there. He's praying for them. And so all of a sudden pillar of fire move. He said that woman across there, God, I'm hanging over there, you you're sick with so and so. Your name is so and so. Jesus Christ just heal you. She didn't have a prayer card. She didn't have a card to line up with the group. She only had faith. Her faith hit God. God hit the prophet. The prophet has to hit back her. Come on now. Come on now. You know what that tells me? with your faith it's unstoppable. What? What? You may be seated. What about the woman with a dead baby in Mexico that they wanted to bury a baby? She heard about the next child that raised from the dead. She said, "No, not this baby. She going to the big convention." How much? Thousands and thousands of people. And she coming through with the dead baby. She's coming through. She passing through legs. She pushing through the ushers. She diving on top the deacons. They couldn't hold her back. Roxion. That's a mother that is desperate. She doesn't want the She want the life of that child come back. The prophet tell somebody she don't know who I am. Go and somebody pray for her. That wasn't stopping her. She said something on that platform there. I have to get there. She moving through. Crowd didn't matter. Numbers didn't matter. Moving through. That's the attitude you have to get. You come today to move through to get something from the Lord. All of a sudden, I'm on the prayer line. He see a baby smiling. He said, "Wait a minute. That's the woman. Let her come." What happened? She touched Helen and hit the emergency line. When you hit the emergency line, a red light does that show up in heaven. The blue light is when you're taking it cool. But when you're desperate is a red light, angels assemble. They say, "You see that red light? Emergency downstairs." Oh, hallelujah. Let's activate that red light this morning. Glory. Don't give me blue. Don't give me blue. Don't give me blue. So in not in a group, his identification with individual watch. Not with the Methodist, not with the Baptist, not with the Presbyterian, not with the Lutheran, not with the Pentecostal, with the individual. I'll take one and leave one. Hallelujah. Not I'll take one group and leave one group. Amen. That's right. Amen. There'll be two in a few. I'll take one and leave one. It's not a group. Not say my church. No, my church has nothing to do with it. So when you hear people talk about my church, forget it. That's saying like my Catholic church or my Methodist church. What on earth does that have to do with God? asked a woman, "Do you believe in Jesus Christ?" She said, "Have you to know I burn three candles at night?" He say, "What on earth that have to do with anything but Jesus Christ?" But the church tell her, "Burn three candles. Say to our father and three holy Mary and you're good for the weak." The church says so. As long as the church is God, she good. Yeah. But God is the word. Sorry. Sorry. God is not church. God is the word. God is not ironing message. God is the word. Hear me. Brandon Tabernacle Baram says, "Apply the talk and perish." [Applause] Here we go. This is the part I want to get to. Not say my church. My church has nothing to do with it. It's an individual. one person. Are you ready? All hell is against this teaching. [Applause] Hello mind we preach group. Hello mind we preach. We right there all wrong. Hello mind that. Satan say come on now. You just like the mother church too. That's right. But when it comes to the individual, oh, hell is against that. Because when you come as individual, you cannot be deceived. [Applause] Because you are moving by revelation. Say revelation. Tell somebody, I'm moving by revelation. Tell somebody that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] them but him. Yes, sir. An individual, another group. All hell is against it. Yes, sir. But this mystery, his mystery is only revealed to his beloved bride. I'm closing. Why am I against organ religion? That's the reason I spoke against the church, the lodge. I call I can't call it a church, brother. There's only one church and that church is the body of Christ. Amen. But these lodges that call church, my Bible tells me that they are blasphemous names all of them. All organizations what they are blaspheming. Blasphemy is to be contrary to or speak against against. When God say come be born, they say come join. All right. All right. Come and be a Jehovah Witness. Come and be a Methodist. Come and be a Pentecost. Come and join. And Jesus message was you must be born again. You didn't join your family. The mother b you. That's why you have the name that you have. You didn't come up on them. But could I join the Williams family, the Jones family? Permission, please, to join. Nobody did that. You were born. Therefore, you can't join God's family. Come on now. You got to be born of good. Born of good. Watch this is so powerful. He said when the baptism of the spirit is forcly took for a wafer in the Catholic church, a handshake in the Protestant church, in the Catholic church is a wafer. Hold that. Protestant church take that. Same thing. Mother have wafer. Daughter have shake hand. Listen to this. When the baptism of the spirit is falsely took over for wafer in the Catholic church, a handshake in the Protestant church, emotion in the Pentecostal church instead of the person of Christ. Here we go. coming in with all that pyramid building that we had. Hallelujah. Add to your faith virtue and so forth. Amen. And godliness and purity and holiness. And then you are sealed by the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So what he is saying, getting into the pyramid is getting into the church. That's the body of Christ. Not this building here. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. What is it? We in Exodus. The first Exodus was a natural land to a natural land. The second Exodus from a spiritual condition into a spiritual baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now he's bringing them from a spiritual baptism of the Holy Ghost to the land of the millennium. Hallelujah. This is the last quote I believe. Yes. Last quote here. Wow. So we find out our message is today. The message we have is come out of Babylon and be free. Be filled with the spirit. Amen. Your lamb's trimmed and clear. Look up your redemption draw near. And yet in the midst of all of that, we don't have nothing against those people, those nominational people. They all right. They're fine. They are associates in the gospel because Jesus said, "No man can come except the father draws him." We are only responsible for sewing seeds. Some fell by the wayside. Some fell on different grounds. We just sewing seeds. Amen. May the Lord bless you. Let's stand. Hallelujah. As Bante will sing a song and you get an exportion and then we're going to have some time of prayer. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen, many men. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We appreciate the Lord this morning. We appreciate Pastor Top over this morning. Yet there is room. Oh, hallelujah. Why don't you turn around and greet your brother, greet your sister this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Are you in the church triumphant? Oh, are you in the Savior's breath? Oh, come and be baptized into the body. and forever. Are you in well? Are you in the church triumphant? Oh, and are you in? Oh, the Savior's bride. Come and do well. Come and be baptized into the body into the body and forever more above. Oh, have you been baptized into the body? Baptized with the Holy Ghost. Baptized with the Holy Ghost. Oh, there is but one way. There is but fun way to enter in it just as they did. Just as they did. Oh you highway. Oh the church triumpant. Oh and are you in the savior's bride. Come and be well. Come and be baptized into the Oh, into the body and forever more. Oh, one more time. Where you triumphant? Are you in the Savior's? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more of my for the last time. Oh, are you in the church triumphant? Oh, in the Savior's bride. Come and be baptized into the body. Oh, and forever more above. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? You appreciate the Lord this morning. You appreciate our pastor this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated for a few minutes. I'm not going to be long with you at all. We do have a prayer line right after this, but I do want to make some announcements once again. What can we say about our pastor? I really want to salute him for his burden, for his labor. And what can we say about brother Anthony with his exaltation last week, lessons from the pool of Bethesda. Then brother OIT spoke on let no man deceive you. And it's been every service going higher and higher and higher. It's good to be in the house of God. In a few hours, as brother said, at around 400 p.m. we are supposed to be in the airport. So, the desk keeps going higher and higher and higher and higher. Amen. So, but God is good. And uh so for this week, we will have service on Tuesday in Maraval. So, we encourage you to make uh the effort to be there. And then this weekend we have service on Friday at 5:00 p. p.m. and Sunday morning at 8:00 a.m. Brother Waldron and his church will be here with us as well. So we are in expectations with God to do great things. And you know on this Palm Sunday we remember when Jesus rode into Jerusalem the city of peace and caused a disturbance. You know, he came against what was expected and there was ruction. You know, people woke up that morning thinking it was just like any other morning. And then they start to hear all kind of noise. And I don't know how many people were there when it started, but the noise just started to build and build until it start to pull out palms and I don't know if they ever did that before. So, it was not just that Jesus came into Jerusalem, but people found themselves doing things they had never done before. And I feel that's the season we are in right now. We are doing what we have never done before. What happened last week Sunday, we never did before. What's happening today, we never did before. Why? Because Jesus is riding into Jerusalem. Jesus is coming to see his people. He has something for you this morning. And I believe that this service, it's a deliverance service. It's a prayer line. And I believe the message has already gone forth. I don't think I have to preach anything to you, but I just want to encourage your faith because I believe that God is not going to leave you empty today. And I believe if you came in here this morning with sickness, with affliction, with mind problems, you came in this morning and you are backsliding, you are struggling, there is no reason for you to leave the same way you came this morning. If you came with desperation to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, there is no reason that you cannot leave with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Because in Acts 19, when Paul laid hands on them, they didn't know about the Holy Ghost. But when he laid hands on them, they were filled with the Holy Ghost. So, we are on the word this morning to lay hands on the sick and see them recover. We are in the word this morning to lay hands on those who want the Holy Ghost and see the Holy Ghost pour out. We are on the word this morning because the time is here for you to receive your promise. Can the church say amen? So I am so excited this morning. Just before we read the scripture, let's just sing a song in F. Pass me not. Pass me not. Oh gently say [Music] hey my [Music] heart thorn. Oh, do not pass me by. One more time with your hands lifted from your heart now. Make it your prayer right now. Pass me not, oh gentle savior. Today, today is your day for deliverance. Oh yeah. My humble cry. Hallelujah. Oh, why another thou my calling? He's calling somebody this morning. He's calling somebody this morning. Oh, you to not pass me by. Blessed Savior all over the building. Let's just sing it now. Oh, save our [Applause] sing. I [Music] humble cry. Oh, oh, I love thou art calling, calling, calling. You're calling me this morning to not pass me. Do not pass me. Won't do not pass me. Just say that. Do not pass me. One more time. to not pass. That's my prayer today. Lord, do not pass me by. Can we bow our heads in a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, as we approach this second part of the service and prepare for the prayer line, Lord, Lord, as I look all through the building today, we see people, Lord, who have come with needs, all kinds of needs, Father. And Lord, you are the God who could meet needs. Lord, they haven't come to hear from me. They haven't come to hear from a man, but they come to be ministered to by the angel of the Lord, the angel of the covenant or Holy Ghost himself, Lord. And I believe, Lord, that Lord, the atmosphere is right for the miraculous to take place today, Lord, for the next few minutes, Father, may you take my thoughts out completely and may you speak lip to ear to your children, Lord. They are your people. Father, use me as your instrument this morning. Anoint the ministers and the elders, Father, for the prayer line. Anoint the people today, Lord, that today would be a day of breakthrough, a day of release, a day of deliverance. If there's any sinners in the house today, may they repent today, Lord, and ask to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If there's any backsliders in the house this morning, Father God, may the Lord, the angel of the Lord, convict them today, Lord, that they will look no more back, but they would look forward unto Calvary. Father, may you break every chain, break every shackle, house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. We serve notice today for every sickness, every disease, mind battle, frustration, demons of lust, demons of alcohol, demons of whatever it is, filth and ungodliness. We serve notice this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you are finished this morning among these people. These are the sons and daughters of the living God. Almighty God, may you move through the camp. May you stir every heart. May you stir your people this morning. May you bless the reading of the word. And may you get glory in the precious name of Jesus Christ. We pray. And the church says, and the church says, amen. Thank you musicians. Can we just go to two portions of scripture reading from the book of St. Luke 4 and reading from verse 14 and reading from Revelation chapter 10 reading one verse there verse 7 reading St. Luke chapter 4 and reading verse 14. And Jesus returned in the power of the spirit into Galilee. And there went out of fame of him through all the region roundabout. And he taught in their synagogues being glorified of all. And he came to Nazareth where he had been brought up. And as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day and stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He had sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And I want to go on to two more verses. And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." And reading from the book of Revelation chapter 10 and reading 1 verse verse 7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his servants the prophets. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated for a few minutes just to encourage you before the prayer line this morning. So for a title this morning, the mystery of God and my inspiration this day this scripture is fulfilled. You know brother Oid really blessed me and as he was speaking he was speaking about Christ and it's all about Christ and in the message brother Brandon preached Christ is the mystery of God revealed he said now God had a purpose and a hidden mystery and that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning the hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began and how it's unfolding itself right down to this present hour that we're living Then you'll understand clearly then I believe what is being done. And brother Brandham goes on to say now a scholar could read the Bible the word till he can just tie your mind up in any way if he wants to do it because he is smart brilliant. Get a Catholic priest or not so much as that as a real good trained theologian in the Bible brother a Baptist or a Presbyterian or something. He'll make you think you don't know nothing when it comes to talk. See, because he has known him in the flesh, brother Brandham said, and he pats his Bible. But the only way you are saved is by know him by revelation. But the Brandham goes on. He said, I can take the Presbyterian doctrine and tie you Pentecostals till you won't know. I can take the Baptist doctrine and show you Pentecostals a million things you know nothing of. That's right. But that's not it. That's not his church. That's not his church. His church is himself revealed and expressed by the word. Now I'm going somewhere. We're talking about the mystery of God. Now this world is full of mysteries. This very world itself is a mystery. To this day, scientists are still trying to figure out some of the mysteries in this world. Everything that cannot be explained is a mystery. Brother Brandon said, "A mystery is something that was previously hid but is now divinely revealed." God was a mystery, but he wanted to express himself. He was bigger than everything, powerful than everything. He was everything itself, but he had to find a way to express the magnitude of this mystery. Books can't write enough about it. Movies can be made about it. You can't build buildings because it's too great of a mystery. The mystery was so big that God took centuries and centuries and piece by piece he was trying to get this mystery out to people because he didn't want to be complicated. He didn't want to be misunderstood. He didn't want to be unapproachable. He wanted to be approached. He wanted anybody to talk to him. But when he was all by himself, there was nobody to talk to him. So he had to find a way to take this mystery, the mystery of God, and bring it into simplicity. Are you with me this [Applause] morning? You may be seated. Brother Brandham said when David was living and when Abraham was living and when Moses was living, brother Brandham said they had no idea what they were living out. Let me say that again. God spoke to Moses and Moses went and did what he did, but he still had no idea what he was doing. I got to say that again. David as a shepherd. God spoke to him. God called him. And when David died, he died not even knowing what he was about. Because brother Brandham said David was just a shadow revealing the mystery. So David as a shepherd, he was not just a shepherd, but there was a great shepherd that was coming. and Moses and David rather was that little mystery being spoke about just a shepherd attribute of God's nature God as a deliverer he couldn't just express all of that so he found Moses and say Moses you are going to express this mystery of deliverance that I have David you are going to express the shepherd that I am Joshua you're going to express the warrior that I am somebody preach to me Elijah, you will express the prophet that I am. Come on now. Somebody with me. Daniel, you will express the scribe that I am. Paul, you will express the apostle that I am. But everyone was expressing a part of the mystery of God. You may be seated. So I want to say something. Hallelujah. There's a difference when it's part of the mystery and it's the fullness of the mystery. So up until the Old Testament, all of the scriptures compounded, it was just part part. But when Jesus stepped out, it was not part of the mystery because Jesus Christ was the mystery of God revealed in his fullness. You may be seated. We are going somewhere this morning. So you are here this morning and that's why sometimes young people sometimes it feels like your life is so confusing and it's so mysterious because you haven't in seen the fullness of the mystery of who you are because brother Brandham said the mystery of who you are is also a secret because you are part of God that mystery gene you also carry that mystery gene. So when you were saved, that is only part of the mystery. When you are here this morning, that's only part of the mystery. When you are filled with the Holy Ghost, that also is part of the mystery. There's coming a time when you will manifest the fullness of the mystery of who you are. And when people see you, it'll be Christ in you, the hope of glory, because Christ is the mystery of God revealed. You may be seated. Oh, somebody say amen. So, what are we here to do this morning? We are here to give you a snapshot into who you really are. We are here for revelation because only revelation could show you who you are. The pastor cannot show you who you are. The minister cannot show you who you are. But if you get a revelation, because a mystery is something that was previously hid but now divinely revealed. So we are looking for divine revelation so that when you walk through the prayer line you are just not just going through a prayer line but you are coming with divine revelation that you are an attribute son of God attribute daughter of God. You may be seated. You might be living in sin. That's part of the mystery because you don't even know fully who you are. You're not hearing me this morning. You might be going through depression. That's only part of the mystery because who you really are can't be revealed just yet because God doesn't even want the devil to know who the bride is because she has to be a secret. So all your situations, all your past, all your mistakes, all of your ups and downs, it's all a great mystery that God created to allow you to happen. Something on the inside that nobody could see. Not one of these days uh you will be able to say this day this scripture is fulfilled. [Applause] I'm not going to be much longer with you. Hallelujah. When you wake up to go to work, that's a part of the mystery. You are living out something. When you pay the bills, that's just part of the mystery because you got to have a roof over your head. You got to eat. But that's not who you really are. There's a mystery behind that flesh, man. There's a mystery behind your mind. There's a mystery inside of your soul. And that's why when the parent said, you are not even the believer, but the word in you is the believer. So, you didn't come here this morning, but the seed in you is fighting to express himself. David couldn't explain why he acted that way. And we preached it a while back and after all of his mistakes, God still said, "That's a man after my own heart." Because David was expressing attributes that were part of God. So even in your up and down, you are expressing attributes that are part of God because you are from the same genetic structure as your father and no devil in hell could stop it. That's why we can say this morning, you are going to be healed. You are going to get a Holy Ghost. You are going to be adopted. You are going to be manifested sons of God. Hallelujah. I'm not going to be too much longer with you. Brother Brandon said, "What is it?" The mystery of God. Then he says it here, "Is God in you, the hope of glory shining forth the baptism of the Holy Ghost." He said, "When these things take place, time shall be no more." So when we hear about time shall be no more, God is just waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God, waiting for this season when you will come to full realization of who you are. Yes, sir. Now, let me drop something in there. Jesus is born, he's growing up, working with his father. He's with his family. They think he's all normal. No wonder when Jesus is going around, they say, "Is this not Joseph's son?" Because they knew Joseph's son. But what Jesus was displaying was a little different from what Joseph's son was. You don't hear me this morning? Jesus wasn't in church that day for the first time. He was in the synagogue, the Bible says, as was his custom. So, he was always in church, but they never really paid attention to him because he was just walking like everybody, shaking everybody's hands and doing everything else like everybody else. It was his custom. He was always in church. But that day was different. That day was different. And I believe this day is different. There's somebody this morning who's going to get a revelation of who God is, who they are, who the devil is, and realize that that demon of cancer, that demon of arthritis, that demon of female condition, that demon of high blood pressure, low blood pressure, high sugar, low sugar, mind battle, that demon has got to go because there's no legal right for that demon to be in your body. that sin, that condemnation, that lust, that unbelief that has got to go because you are realizing who you are. And when the devil asks you a question, you can look the devil in the face and say, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." You may be seated. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said it like this. He said every scripture in the Old Testament was pointing to Jesus Christ. And I'll give you another example. When Isaiah said, "A virgin shall conceive," that was scripture. That was word. It was spoken. But it had to wait until the body came for that scripture to be manifested. So people could look at it as scripture. But when God opened the book, he wasn't seeing scripture. He was seeing names. [Music] I don't think you got me. Brother Brandham said God is coming for the book, the book of redemption. He said it's a book of names. [Applause] We see the book as scripture and God is seeing the book as names. So when Isaiah say a virgin shall conceive, that's in your book. In his book, he seeing Mary. It's a book of names and he's coming for the book of names. When the book said a voice of one crying in the wilderness, that's in your book. But in his book, that's John. Brother Brandham said, "When the Bible says the people that know their God shall do exploits, that's in your book." But in his book, he's seeing George Kangali. He is seeing Joshua. He is seeing Gideon. He is seeing your name. And he's coming for your names to Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. That's a revelation to you, church. Uh it's not just words. It's your name. Uh the words in the book. Uh you are not a believer. The word in you is a believer. You are going to be filled. You are going to receive the Holy Ghost. And don't care what the devil tells you, he's coming for you. You may be seated for a moment. You may be seated for a moment. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. For the backsliders in here this morning, the book said in Joel that in the last day I'll poured my spirit upon all flesh. That's the words in the book. Peter came and say this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel. So Peter was the words in the book. I want to make mention of something friends. Peter didn't know he was the word in the book. When Peter was denying Christ, he was still the words in the book. You don't hear what I'm saying? Peter said he made mistakes. Peter say, "I don't know this Jesus." But Jesus wasn't looking at that. It's the word in the book. It was going to take some time for Peter to get a revelation, a divine revelation of the mystery of who he was. But what he did didn't change his name in the [Applause] book. Everybody should be on their feet. Everybody should be shouting your mistakes, your past, your failures, what they say about you doesn't change the words in the book. Hallelujah. So when my Bible tells me there'll be a manifestation of the sons of God to God, that's not words. He is seeing you coming out of your condition, coming out of your depression, coming out of the world, coming out of sin, coming out of your past and being adopted, being perfected. Can the church say amen? [Applause] Hallelujah. You could begin to play something softly. As the deacons begin to get ready for the prayer line, I don't think not much more needs to be said, friends. God is here. But it depends on your attitude this morning. Brother said, "The right mental attitude towards any divine promise of God will bring it to pass." What's your attitude this morning? Did you just come because it's a service or a special service? Or did you come because you realize that the needs in your life are more than you could bear? The needs in your life could only be fixed by God himself. You have to come to that awareness. You have to come to that conclusion. You have to come to that position yourself. I'm not talking to groups. Brother Oid made it clear. It's to the individual. So if your brother doesn't want it, your father doesn't want it, your wife doesn't want it, you got to know why you are coming into the prayer line today. You have to know what your need is. You have to know what you are struggling with. And you have to come knowing that God is able to heal you, to deliver you. He promised to restore you. He promised good health. He said, "If my people will humble themselves and pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, they will hear from heaven. I will heal their land." That scripture is just as real today as when it was first written. And when God says my people, that's words to people who read it on the outside, but to God, he is seeing you being reconciled to himself. Part of this great mystery of God. I believe there are sons in here this morning. There are daughters in here this morning. You have not been living right. You come through this line with true repentance, with a contrite heart, with a desire to not go back and do what you did before. But the Brandon said, "Repentance is not just saying, "I'm sorry." It's a turn away from what you used to do. That desire must be real in your heart. He promised to put a mark upon all those who sigh and cry for the abomination in the city. [Music] When you come through this line this morning, God give us a sigh. Give us a cry. Let it not be just for a show. Let it not just be just for an occasion, but let it be for a reality. God, I cannot live anymore without a personal experience with the Holy Ghost itself. I don't want to face tonight. I don't want to face tomorrow. I don't want to face my boss. I don't want to face my job. I don't want to face my wife. I don't want to face my husband. I don't want to face life without a personal experience with God. I'm not talking about coming to church, signing up for church. I'm talking about being identified by Christ in you. The hope of glory, revelation, and experience and encounter with God. fire in your soul to burn out all the sin, to burn out the lust, to burn out. David cried out. He said, "Lord, restore unto me the joy of my salvation. I haven't lost my salvation, but God, I lost the joy. My prayer life is not what it's supposed to be. Lord, I've not been spending time on you. I've been so caught up in my own world and my own things and my own desires. I've I've completely lost myself. But this morning, God, I'm coming back home. It's a homecoming service. May we be like a prodigal son this morning and come to our senses. The Bible said he came to his senses. May each one of us, I'm including myself in that this morning, friends. God, I want to come to my senses. I want a closer walk with thee. I want a real walk with you. I just want to be a church member, but I want an experience in my soul. I don't want to know God from hearing what other people said, but I want to know him for myself. For myself. Can we bow our heads in a word of prayer? As the elders get ready for the prayer line, can we bow our heads? Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, as we approach your throne of grace, Lord, we pray you forgive our sins, forgive our past, Lord, where we have fallen, where we have made mistakes, Lord. The things that we are supposed to do that we have not done, Lord, we repent. Things that we have done that we should not do, Lord, we repent this morning. Lord, we lay our lives down at your feet. We prostrate our lives before your august presence this morning. It's only through blood we could be here this morning. Only through your grace we could be here, Lord. And as the church of the living God, we submit ourselves to the Holy Ghost right now, Lord. You are in charge. We turn it over, Lord, completely to you, Lord, for what you want to do with each one. Lord, it's an open door this morning. The Holy Ghost is that open door, God. We all come to you this morning. May you heal your people. May you touch. May you deliver. May you break the chains. Lord, those have been struggling for many years. As brother Anthony spoke last week, for 38 years, he had been coming, but the day has come of will thou be made whole. We commit the prayer line into your hands. We commit the believers into your hands. We commit the ministers and elders into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ and the church says amen and amen. Remain seated, remain in the spirit and the deacons will usher you to the line. Brother Anthony [Music] Bless me. I sing to you. I [Music] call [Music] you. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. [Music] I [Music] keep bless me [Music] now. I say I [Music] come to you. [Music] There is a [Music] river that flows from deep within. [Music] And is a [Music] fountain that frees the soul from sin. [Music] Come to these waters. [Music] There is a past [Music] the [Music] blood and there is a river that never [Music] shall There is a river that flows from deep within. [Music] Oh, there there is a fountain that frees a soul from sin. Oh, come to these waters. [Music] There is a supply. Oh, and there is a [Music] river that never shall endure. Oh, through the blood. Through the blood we have come into his presence. [Music] through the [Music] blood in Jesus [Music] hand a way that we can go to his presence. Oh through the world. Oh, through the blood, through the blood we have into his presence. [Music] Oh, come Lord [Music] Jesus. Oh, and we his presence through the Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Stay in the spirit this morning. You pray for those going through the prayer line right now. Oh, just be real reverent this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Lift up your hands. Worship him. Oh, be in prayer. Oh, just be in reverence this morning. The Holy Spirit is moving this home. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Keep your head bowed. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Jesus has made a way that we can present true power of love. There is power in the name Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. us to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain, break every chain. Break every chain. Here is he in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is healing here in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is healing in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is [Music] power here in the name Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is [Music] power in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Hallelujah. To break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain, Lord. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every [Music] chain. All honor, all gloryy, all power to you. All [Music] honor. Yes. All glory. All power to you. You begin to pray in your own way this morning. All power. All power. You begin to worship him this morning. Oh. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah to you. Oh, holy father. Oh, we worship you, precious Jesus. [Music] my savior. Holy Spirit, we wait on you. Holy Spirit, we wait on you for fire. Oh Lord, we wait for fire. [Music] Oh, all glory. Oh, [Music] power to you. Oh [Music] Lord. Oh glor. Oh [Music] power to you. Oh, holy father, we worship you, precious Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. My savior. The Holy Spirit is here. Oh, his presence is here. Holy Spirit. Oh, hallelujah. We wait. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Holy Spirit. Oh, we wait on you for [Music] far. Oh, we pray for far. [Music] I enter the holy of holy. I enter through the blood of the lamb. I enter to worship you only. I enter to honor. I hallelujah. Lord, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, I worship [Music] you. I wor I worship you. for your name is [Music] so oh for your name is oh Oh Lord, oh Lord, so holy, holy, your name is holy, so holy, holy Lord. Your name for your name is holy. So holy. Oh, oh, so holy, Lord. Oh, for your name is holy, so holy, oh, so holy. Oh, for your name is holy. So holy. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Holy. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God on praise on. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Elohim, we praise you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sh. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, great shepherd. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeshua. Yeshua. We praise you. Oh. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let his power Let his power fall. Let the power of God fall. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. [Applause] Oh yes. Yes. Heal, seal, deliver. The chains are breaking. The chains are breaking. The chains are breaking. The chains are breaking. The chains are breaking. The chains are breaking. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] How should be worship? [Music] Sh. Worship him. Worship him. Worship him. Worship him. [Music] By [Music] him, worship [Music] him. Oh, worship him. Worship. Worship [Applause] him. Bow and worship him in suffering. Oh worship. Hallelujah. Bow down and worship. Worship him. [Music] Entering. Oh, enter. Oh, you worship him this morning. You worship him this morning. You worship him this morning. Give him praise this morning. Give him glory. Give him honor. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank him for your deliverance. Thank you for your healing. Thank him for your ceiling. Thank him for your breakthrough. You just begin to worship him this morning. Lift up your hands. Oh, make a joyful noise unto the Lord. Whoever you are, wherever you are, bow down and worship him this morning. Worship your God this morning. Worship him. Worship him. Worship him. Worship him. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. [Music] You are alpha and omega. We worship you. you worth to praise all over the building. Lift your hands and sing. You are a oh hallelujah and oh may God wonderful we worship you are oh you are worthy to be praised. We give you all. We give you all the Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. We praise ship you. You are worthy, Lord. You are worthy, too. Oh, we give you all the glory. We give you all Oh, we give you all all the glory. All the glory. We worship you. We worship you Lord. Oh, you are worthy. One more time. Oh, with every voice we give you all. We give you [Applause] all we worship you. We worship you Lord. Oh, you are worthy to be. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. We give you all the glory. We give you all the glory. We give you all the honor. We give you all the praise. We give you all the thanks. You are worthy. You are worthy. You are worthy. He is king of kings. He is lord of lords. He is your healer. He is your deliverer. He is Jehovah Gyra. He is Jehovah Shana. He is here this morning. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. How many thank God for today? How many thank God? Hallelujah. Oh, what a time. What a prayer life. What an anointing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. You appreciate Isaac over this morning and pastor over this morning. You appreciate the ministry that's going forth today. My God. Oh, what can we say? Why don't you turn on greet someone one more time? Share a blessing with somebody. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God can do it again and again and again and there's no reason to doubt that God can do it as the brothers get ready to pick the offering. Amen. than the day before. He is always the same. And there's no reason to doubt that God can do it again. Well, God can do it again. Well, and again and again. Well, and there's no reason to doubt that God can do it. Amen. Let's just bow our heads as we want to pray for the tithe offering this morning. Heavenly Father, we pray a blessed tithes offering that's about to be picked up. Lord, bless it and use it for the fullness of your gospel. Lord, Father, in Jesus name we pray and ask. Amen and amen. God can do it again. Well, and again and again. And there's no reason to doubt that God can do it again. Well, yesterday and the day before, he is always the same. And there's no reason that God can do it. Well, my God can do it. Oh, and again and again. And there's no reason to doubt that God can do it. And now yesterday and the day. Oh, I know he is always the same. And there's no reason to doubt that a God can do it. Oh, and my God can do it. Oh, and again and again. Oh, and there's no reason to doubt that a God can do it. Oh now, yesterday and the day before, he is always the same. And there's no reason to doubt that a God can do. Oh, give the Lord a praise offering. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. No reason to doubt that God can do it. Well, now yesterday and the day before, I know he is always. Oh, and there's no reason to doubt that. God can do. Oh, one more time. God can God can do it again. Oh, and again. There's no reason to doubt. God can do it again. Yesterday and the day before. He is always the same. There's no reason to doubt. God can do it again. Praise the Lord. You're blessed to be here this morning. Amen. God bless you. And I want to welcome sister Karen Williams. Sister Karen, God bless you. Good to have you among us. Praise the Lord. We have a praise. Good day, brother O. We like to give God praise for healing me and my family. Two two Sundays ago, I had severe chest pains. And after prayer was offered for me, the pain stopped completely. Also, two Thursdays ago, Naomi had high fever and body pain. Nicholas had headaches and body pain, dizziness. And prayer was off. After prayer was offered for them, they were both healed. Sister Christine, giving God praise. also uh sister Rishel Ko giving God praise. Uh she has a safe delivery of a healthy baby boy. So we want to say congratulations to sister Rishel. This time we want to bow our heads uh from brother Clarence. His brother Renault suffered a semi stroke had to be taken to MTO hospital and also for Salvin Hoy for all to be well when he visited the doctor for injection in his eyes and that God will heal him completely from diabetes. Let's bow our heads and close our eyes. Father God, we pray for brother Clarence, brother Renault, Lord, that you would visit him and if you don't know you that you will come into the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ. May you be merciful to him and heal him Lord completely for your glory and honor. We ask it in Jesus name. Father and we bring for the salv before you that your love will surround him and heal him completely of diabetes and his eye condition that a miracle a miracle will come his way. Touch him in a special way. And any other person here looking to you father may you visit them in a special way and honor your word in Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. You have your seats as we have the final announcements. [Music] Thank you, Lord. [Music] Just before we make the announcement, can we just bow our heads once more for us to close in prayer? Heavenly Father, what can we say? Lord, truly we don't even have the words, Lord, to thank you for what you have done for us today, Lord. Father, and as we Lord prepare to leave this house, but not from your presence, Lord. May you be with us during this week, Lord, may we be so drawn closer to you. We can't wait to be, Lord, together again to worship and to hear what you have in store for us. May you grant traveling mercies to your people as we leave. And Lord, may you, Lord, bless brother O and I as we, Lord, head to the airport, Lord, in a few hours. And may you bless the meetings, Lord, both here and in Ivory Coast, Lord. And Lord, your wonderful people around the world. Father, may you bless the ministers, the elders, the helps, the governments, your people, Lord, for their labor, for their love, for their sacrifice. Lord, may you anoint each one today in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. So, just to recap the announcements, uh this coming Tuesday, there will be service in Maraval at 7:30 p.m. There will be no services on Thursday. We will have Easter Friday service at 5:00 p.m. here at the church and Sunday morning at 800 a.m. uh this coming Sunday. Uh may the Lord richly bless you. Um I want to invite brother Steven Kangali um to just speak of the event for the church which will be I believe next week, the holiday next Wednesday. Um, maintainance group four, could you meet with brother Marlon Alexander after service at the back and the choir? There'll be a short meeting as well. And brother Steven has some [Music] announcements. Amen. God bless you. Um, I'm just here to remind you all of the event that we're having on the 30th of March at the Lava Estate. I know many of you may have given your names to Sister Abigail uh Nicholas and Sister Misella Thompson. If you haven't uh done so and you're still interested, please uh see them at the deacons desk at the front entrance after service. Uh the event it's $25 a person. You don't pay today. You pay when you reach there at the La Estate. Um for persons who have interest who were interested in seeking transportation, we are organizing transportation. All right. A cost is not yet finalized for that but we we will uh contact you and advise you of such cost. We're trying our best to you know minimize the cost of transportation as much as as possible. So please have no fear. Don't let that be any uh deterrent to you wanting to come out. Uh again at the at the estate there are things like uh fishing available. All right. For $30 a rod you're advised to bring your own bait. Dumplings will suffice. All right. for, you know, additional bait. They will provide bait for you, but for additional bait, you could, uh, bring your dumplings. All right. Apparently, fish like dumplings. So, um, I think that's it. Uh, musicians could play us off. Want to go? If you have any further questions, you can feel free to speak with uh myself, Misala, uh Abigail, Adrien, Ayana, Karen Knight, and so on. All right. Thank you. Amen. You appreciate the Lord today. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing a song. There there is no one, no one like Jesus, come. Amen. Oh, there is no one. Oh, no one like [Music] Jesus. Tell me who could die for me just to set my spirit free. Oh, there is no one no like Jesus. Oh, there is no there is no one like our Jesus. There is no one, no one like Jesus. And tell me you could die for me just to set my spirit free. Oh, there is no one. Oh Jes.
