################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-01-03 - Cast Not Away Your Confidence - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Isaac Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-01-03
Title:   Cast Not Away Your Confidence - Bro. Isaac Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohVps-Q_0NE
========================================

Oh, there. Oh, there is none. Oh, there like you. Oh, no one else. No one else can touch my heart like you. And I can see eternity. Lord and I know my redeemer. Oh, I know my redeemer. Oh, let all creation testify. Oh, let this life be. And I know I know my redeemer. Oh, I know. I know. My redeemer. Oh, my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer. Oh, so let all creation testify. Oh, let this life be cry. And I know my redeemer. Oh, one more time. Every lifted. I know. I know. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer is my redeemer. Oh, let all that all creation testify. Oh, there is light within my redeemer. Want to give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know my redeemer lives this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's alive this morning. He's alive in this house. He's alive in this place. He's alive in my heart. He's alive in my soul. I know that I can make it. I know I can overcome. I know my redeemer this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let his life with every cry of us. Hallelujah this morning. Let's cry out to a real living God. He is the creator. He is Lord and Master. Oh, shout unto God this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let us cry. Let us cry this morning for reality. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he's alive this morning. The Holy Ghost is here this morning to baptize you into the kingdom of God by the fire of the living God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, don't you give up. Praise God. Hallelujah. All God is able. I know my redeemer lives all [Music] creation. Let his life be cry. I know. Oh my redeemer. Oh hallelujah. His presence is here this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's right next to you. Praise God. Don't let the devil lie to you this morning. He is right next to you. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. You made it this far. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. I want somebody lift your hands right now. Sing crown you now with many crowns. You victorious. Oh Jesus. Jesus son of God. Oh the treasure of heaven. Crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. See the lamb. See, tell us worshiping with many cry. Oh, you retor. [Applause] Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh the treasure of heavenship. Oh worthy is worthy is the lamb. Oh worthy, worthy. Lift your voices and sing. Oh seated on the throne. We ground you now. We ground you now with many ground. You victory. You are [Applause] high. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh God. Oh, you are the treasure t was [Applause] crucified this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we bow before you. We lay our crowns before you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you. We worship you. We worship you. You are king of kings. You are Lord of lords. You reign. Hallelujah. The strength of the hills. He belongth unto our God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Holy and matchless is his name. Oh hallelujah. Give him glory. Give him honor. Give him praise this morning. Father, we love you, Lord. We love to sing your praises. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We here to worship you. We here to bow before you this morning. Great victory. We are Jesus. Oh, the treasure of the conru is worth. One more time. Oh, hallelujah. Worship him. Praise him. Hallelujah. His presence is here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Hallelujah. We worship you. We glorify you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Let's pray. Almighty God, we thank you for your grace and mercy towards us. Yes, Lord. Lord, you had your prophet to put a little sliver of light to represent a bride in the last days. The whole earth was covered with darkness. Your prophet Isaiah said, "Gross darkness cover the earth and gross darkness covered the people." We are so blessed this morning to have evening light to shine in our path. We so grateful for sending a true end time messenger to turn our hearts back to the faith. We love you this morning. We ask you to forgive us where we fail you and fall short and quickness to your righteousness, quickness to your purity, quickness to your word. May your word become flesh in us. Humble our hearts as we wait upon you and look away to you, Jesus. Have your way. I pray in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You have your seats. [Music] Wonderful. Wonderful. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. I just feel the spirit of God so much in this place this morning. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love that song. Worthy is the lamb. Has nothing to do with you. It has to do with him. Has nothing to do with your problem. Have to do with who he is. Oh, he is worthy. He Hallelujah. He gave us a chance. When nobody else would. He gave us a chance. Gave us a second chance. He gave us a third chance when we did didn't deserve a chance. He gave us a chance for us to love him and serve him, worship him and appreciate him for he is worthy. He is worthy. Didn't have to do it, but he did. He gives us space of grace. He gives us space, an opportunity to repent, to be reconciled to God. Opportunity to make feel whole again. Can you imagine the prostitute in those times? The unloved, the troubled and Jesus minister to them and they could see the heartbroken, blind Batimas, different ones. And his compassion going from place to place, village to village, heart to heart, life to life. Somebody's sick, a child just died, Lazarus died. There's so many cases. He was active in ministry, active in healing, restoring, redeeming. Amen. Bringing joy even at the wedding. He turned the water into wine. Hallelujah. That they wouldn't have a depressive reception. He keep doing things. Hallelujah. To uplift. Take five loaves, two fishes, and multiply it. Come on now. For the multitude, he was giving. Hallelujah. He was sharing. Hallelujah. It wasn't about him. It was about the rest of the world. Hallelujah. He knew he can do it all. So you get 12 men and get a bunch of disciples and train them and anointed them and inspire them that they could spread that word. Hallelujah. And through every age he has disciples. Amen. Who will anoint and inspire to press that word. Oh, we love him this morning. Amen. Well, we in for time this morning. Could we stand for the reading of the word? I'm not the preacher this morning. The preacher going to preach this morning. Amen. But I would certainly want to share something with you before he comes on. Is brother Isaac going to speak to this morning? Appreciate brother Isaac. Amen. I appreciate him. So you want to turn to Job chapter 14 verse 14 and you want to turn to Matthew chapter 25 for scripture reading this [Music] morning. Job 14:14 says, "If a man die, shall he live again? All the days of my appointed time will I wait till my change come. Matthew 25. Then shall the kingdom of heaven be lightened. The 10 virgins which took their lamps went forth to meet the bridegroom. Five of them were wise. Five were foolish. They were foolish took their lamps took no oil with them. But the wise took all in their lamp vessels with their lamps. While the bridegroom tried and the all slumbered and slept. And at midnight there was a cry made, "Behold, the brideman cometh, go ye out to meet him." Then all those virgins arose and trimmed their lamps. And the foolish said unto the wise, "Give us of your oil, for our lamps are going out." And the wise answering, saying, "Not so, least there not be enough for us and you, but go rather to them that sell and buy for yourselves." And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went with him to the marriage, and the door was shut. This barheads, we want to pray for Romel Ko, the virus, and for guidance, new school from his dad. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we thank you for your presence, and we pray that Lord, you would bless Romel in a special way. Heal him, Lord. May all work out well for him this coming term. May you bring things back to his membrance Lord and as we approach your word this portion of the service may you edify us strengthen us and bill us in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Well we had a great tremendous time in Ghana and I spoke a message there a time of lingering a subject waiting on the promise of God and an inspiration. I will wait until my change come. Amen. and I wanted to bring that back to you. I also sent out uh a greeting email to all the ministers that we associate with all whom I know for all the over the years and I wrote this fellow servants and ministers of Jesus Christ. Greeting in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, happy new year to you, your family and your churches. May God bless you abundantly and continue to use you mightily for his kingdom as we earnestly contend for the faith restored by Malachi 4. Truly we are on the verge of the manifestation of every promise for the bride. Sir, is this the time for the dynamics to connect to the mechanics? My prayer for 2016 is to see sons come forth be vindicated and placed according to the prophecy in blasphemous names where and I have a quote you become one see you and Christ live together at that day you will know that I'm in the father the father in me and I in you and you in me see then that's a sealed unit of the lord god now and where and then they are vindicated and placed when that time takes takes place and have that in bold. When that time takes place, they become vindicated sons and daughters of God. Amen. May 2016 be the year of when that time takes place. May God richly bless you and grant the desires of your heart yours in your service Junior Pastor Headstone Tabernacle. So that's what we sent out by the grace of God. Amen. So Olia's night changing of timel time of sealing a time of judgment. Amen. And I know that is like a time as we said you have a clock on the stove and you pass seen the time but when you want to cook something you press the timer you have an hour and the hour counts down. So once the timer is on is a countdown. Amen. Countdown to judgment. Amen. Because that's what we heading to. Yeah. All this blood, seven drops of blood sprinkled eastwards and so on. All this mercy seat, it's really a judgment throne with blood on it. Once that blood is removed, it's over. It's done. You can't cry anymore. It doesn't matter how you plead anymore. Sincerity doesn't count anymore. It doesn't even matter anymore. The door is shut. Hallelujah. We have an opportunity to enter in and to be free. Amen. I mean, free indeed. Not just free for the devil to hook you back. Free indeed. Could we say amen? Praise the name of the Lord. So, there's really something else talking about this changing of time. Hallelujah. Because you see, I believe that God is about to knock out the rocks that will fend on this holy mountain. I believe the message hasn't seen judgment yet. That is why everything people do what they want to do, act how they want to act, get angry, stomp, walk out, do what they want to do, say what they want to say, preach what they want to preach. That's okay under time. But when it changes, it's no longer okay. It was okay with Anastasia. But when the time changed, when that Peter had the God upon the throne of his heart, it wasn't okay to lie. It wasn't okay to be dishonest. Amen. No, it was not okay. The time change, the season change was another book of acts. And there's a prophecy that there's going to be another book of Acts. Someday that going to change. We timing is running now. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Do you love him this morning? Praise the name of the Lord. Just a little bit of news. Russia has named the US as one of the threats to its national security in a new assessment by President Vladimir Putin on Thursday. According to a public report, it is the first time Russia has officially named the US as a national security threat. According to routers, Russia claims its heightened global reach has caused counteraction from the US and its allies, which are striving to retain their dominance in global affairs. This document claims that Western pressures will likely lead to increased political, economic, and military andformational pressure on Russia. So that's just a word a news for you to think about. Oh hallelujah. Because brother say wait till Russia go over that oil. Watch out. We are ready for it then. They don't have to build any more bombs. The bombs is ready. It's just set there. Just wait until the countdown. Amen. Right now it's under time. But then there's a countdown. But Abraham saw the vision of America blown up. He saw these things. He saw the bride being pressed. He saw the people that follow the pillar of fire will be a hunted persecrated group. But it'll be ready for the rapture. So, what you thinking about? What are you worried about? Do you have any worries? Not yet. It's coming. Everybody should be smiling right now. Woo. Amen. I thought I had worries. That's right. You thought you had worries. It's quiet inside of here. Maybe you don't have enough worries. Oh, hallelujah. You know what Baron say? If love don't get it desperate, condition will. Is either love or condition. Pick one. If the loving not loving enough, you could get conditions and condition will get you desperate. God will light fire under you, around you, above you, to your left, to your right. This will happen, that will happen. God will make you uncomfortable until you get in your place. There's a place for you and your God going to push you. Amen. Praise God because he taught about you as a son. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Walen preached. He said that son wanted to humble himself and take a lesser role and be a servant. And the father could not accept that. Once a son, always a son. Once a eagle. You could never be a chicken. Once a eagle, always a eagle. You might be a wounded one. You might be a old one. You might be a tired one. You might be a sick one. But you are one. One's a eagle. Always an eagle. Oh, hallelujah. Devil's a liar this morning. How do you know he's a liar? Every time you open his mouth. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You come here for the word to transform your soul. Glory to God. Don't do like Israel. Now they had a prophet that word that message and their word what didn't mix with their faith. So they didn't benefit from it. There's only killing time. Amen. And sitting on pews wasting time. But Joshua and Caleb, every word that was spoken, they snatch it. They grab that's minds. I ain't come to waste time in church. I grab the word God is speaking to me. Hallelujah. There's a time of lingering. That's what I speak on in in uh Ghana. Just want to bring back something to you. But what I'm talking about, they chose Matias to take the place of Judas because the church had to be set in order before dynamics fell before the spirit fell. They couldn't leave it with 11, had to be 12, had to be right. That's why we are striving and passionate now to set the church in order and set things in order. Isn't that right? And he said, I believe, here we go. This is where I get his vision from to preach in Ghana. I believe that all these things has a time of lingering waiting waiting for a time for scriptures to be fulfilled. Amen. Couple of weeks ago, I spoke a message that the scripture might be fulfilled. Jesus wasn't just doing things. He was doing things to fulfill scripture. Amen. So watch. Many times we get impatient like a child. We get great anticipations and many times jump way ahead and that just hinders the workmen and many people don't understand that that you have to follow instructions not emotions when go Joshua say when I begin to shout shout somebody can feel led to shout now amen and Joshua I give instructions when they was reading a book and they feeling shoutish you seal your mouth Hallelujah. If God said when I begin you to shout, that's the time to shout. Wait for the timer. Hallelujah. Wait for the God say shout now. Hallelujah. Shout to the voice of triumph. For the Lord has given you the city. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That means you have to be trained. Amen. So watch watch. So unlike a great child great anticipation many times jump way ahead that hinders the work until the work get caught up here the spirit now we must move reverently and have a purpose in heart that God if he would desire to use us in such and such a way but wait till he makes the opening cause he has to go ahead of us and that's what I keep saying we can't challenge comes to churches, silver and gold have I none. We have books and tapes. We had that for the last 50 years. Yes. Yes. We can't do that. So we have to wait till God go ahead and then we could know the Russian and malberry tree. We know victory is ours because the spirit is going ahead. Are you with me? So in this time of lingering several things are supposed to happen. This is the time of the revelation of these things being made known. We are still in the time what call it the revelation of these things being made known because God told Daniel go thy way. The book is sealed till the time of the end. God sent a prophet to reveal the whole secret of God for the rapture of the church. And God also said in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. So the prophet flesh has gone 50 years ago but the voice is here. And there were men and ministers speaking back what the prophet said that you will know you are still living in the days of the voice not in the days of the interpretation of the voice because the spirit and the prophet and the bride says the same thing and what they say will have already been said in the word. So what you're hearing from this pulpit is what the prophet said. What he said we believe. Hallelujah. And we are resting on that. Hallelujah. Your faith have to rest upon something. We are resting upon that. You're not resting upon politics. You're not represent of who this man think he is or where he come from. You're resting solemnly on the word of God. Cuz this is our strength. This is what can fail. Heaven will pass away, but this word can't fail. I could fail, but this word can't fail. The church could fail, but this word. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And when we say the word, we mean the revelation of the word. And revelation comes from God. And revelation is faith. Isn't that right? And faith knows no retreat. Faith can't back down. Faith don't give up and let go and get tired and weary. Faith stands anyhow. Oh, glory to God. And God want to give you a rock in your soul. Upon this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. Don't Don't worry. I'm not the preacher. The preacher said coming. He might want me to preach this morning, but I said, "No, we Hallelujah." If he think he's escaping this morning, he's not going to escape this morning. He's commissioned to come here and bring forth the word of God. Hallelujah. So, we're going to linger a while cuz we speaking about a time of lingering. All right. So, this is a time of the revelation of these things being made known. Number one, the revelation of the seven thunders to gather the bride together to show how to be pure to to give a faith revival. And then but Ram said it specifically wait till them seven thunders utter to the voices don't run ahead wait they'll come back with more books and tapes wait no we had that for 50 years after we wait and we get this thing because it's saying you we have some books to hand out after service we wait 50 years to hand out more books no it has to be the word made flesh it has to be a manifestation of God has to be the literal life of Jesus Christ sir back on the earth. There had to be seven living voices that the devil could watch and can't touch. You think the devil really God had to invite him to look at you. The devil just bringing on his own. You know, he gathering his own. He have his own mysteries that will gather his lady together. This woman I don't know bride one call she hell has opened up God have to send seven thunders seven voices that was through seven ages every age overcome every age had overcomer so God know we need all the horsepower from every age every age had overcomer every age had overcomers you can't tell me we ain't have a bunch of overcomers in this life we got to have overcomers Go to send your wife to test you, your husband to test you, your children to test you, your family to test you, your boss, your neighbor, your [Applause] children. God will send sickness to test you when you come on now. Job said, "Don't tell me I trust him. I will wait till my change come." Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Don't give up. Now, you can't give up now. Oh, hallelujah. You come too far to turn back now. [Applause] I'm too close to this revival to get tired and weary. I'm too close to this revival to let all this hinder me and this hinder me and nothing going to hinder me. Hallelujah. And I would tell God will not allow anybody to hinder this church. God will move them out. God will set them down. God will throw them out. It doesn't matter. Nothing going to stop this. This is not the kingdom of man. We talking about the kingdom of [Music] God. You may be season watches a minute. 400 years between Malachi and Matthew or so that Pharisees scribes elect there message to gather them. They lost in space under time of lingering. Amen. Waiting for scriptures to be fulfilled. Hallelujah. Amen. Pharisees think they it statuses think they everybody Herodians all them have the long gong the long thing the scroll everybody healing them out who are bo who wouldn't fool that fightful in that time whatever who in this position that position or what not all of a sudden all of a suddenise angel come take this a little bit get pregnant baby not moving angel talk to Mary no this now watch this behind the scenes Yeah, this is not broadcast on television on newspaper. Well, angel talk to there is no newspaper. There is no text. There is no WhatsApp. There is no facts or email. This is going on behind the scenes. A baby is born. What's what's that time has start? This baby John. Hallelujah. He have a six months ministry to introduce Messiah. He was the He's the voice of one crying over. Isn't that right? So God pull him out. Give him John going over and he waiting for appointed time. The clock of God is ticking because Messiah is coming. Let's say it this way. Dynamics is coming. Clock of God is ticking. Oh hallelujah. We in 2016 now. All of a sudden John come out of the wilderness. We thank every one of you. Amen. That's a disturbance. That's an interruption. The minister association can handle that because he not joining with them. He's not part of their movement or thinking or atmosphere. He's just different. He is radical. He is dressed different, preaching different, and they can't handle him. But he say, "I was sent to make a way." There is one standing among you. John was just different. So all them church people who are accustomed with the Pharisee anointing and the Sadducey anointing and the hypocrite anointing and the joker's anointing and all the entertainment and the pulpit anointing. They couldn't handle John. He said because the axe is laid to the root of the tree and every tree that don't bring forth fruit will be cut off. What's that? Time is about to change from the prophet to the prophecy. prophecy about to be fulfilled when Russia going to get that oil. Watch out. Therefore, the bride have to break into the supernatural realm to get the mind of Christ to know what he wants done with the word to know what God want spoken. And if we get a word in due season, how good it is. You should be blessing and praising and giving glory to God. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. All of a sudden, John John was so convinced he say one stand among you. Jesus had to listen and wait because his spirit had to go in front of him. Then he went. Then the season changed again from the prophet to the prophecy. And that's how Jesus come on the scene. Hallelujah. Call of men called elected. And then afterwards Jesus said my hour is not yet come. What's happening there? He's had to wait fulfill things. When he said my then he said my hour has come. He has to be crucified. He know the pattern. Well, well, you know what's approaching us? Our hour is approaching us. Whether you are ready or not, our hour when I say our hour around the world, all them message people, whether they have interpretation, six seal, no seal, half seal, whatever seal, they have all all cuz the devil is saying what you believe. What you believe? What you believe? What you believe? They deceive with that foolishness. Many that are being in a movie looking for the total. Amen. There'll be two in the bed, one taken, one left. Not two groups, not two church. You're not safe inside of here. You you you can't hide inside of here. How much groups promote theel and test and the church and the church and the ministry and what kind of feeling good about itself right and then what when you read the Bible now you see there's two people oh it's not all are we it's not that I belong here therefore I am okay everybody got a stamp on the passport or something so oh this is not the angel stamp in your book you mean you have to get your mark yourself You mean brother over is not the sealing angel? No. Bible said I saw another angel from the east having the seal of the living God. You mean all this church politics is foolishness? Yes. Hallelujah. You mean this church against that foolishness? Yes. You mean the token is everything? Yes. You mean when I see the blood? Yes. You mean that mighty angel coming to see the B? Yes. [Applause] Hallelujah. The time of lingering brings out who is who. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. My God. My God is awome. Hallelujah. He can move mountains. Hallelujah. My God is awesome. Amen. Who then is that faithful and wise servant whom his lord will a male ruler over his household to give them meat in due season? Blessed is the servant whom his lord when he cometh shall find doing so doing. Verily I say unto you, he shall make him ruler over all the goods his goods. But if here we go that evil servant that evil manvant all them to the servants God say evil servant by over trying to cast a thing on people. No I'm reading the word is that evil servant shall say my lord delay is coming. Aha and shall what? Smite the other servants. Yesmen and shall begin to smite his fellow servants and to eat and drink with the drunken. The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he lookth not for him in all that he not aware way of shall cut him a sand and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites that shall be weeping and nashing of teeth. Yes sir. So I told them in Ghana there are three kind of believers make believers unbelief true believers and there are three kind of ministers good ones evil ones and um true ministers who barang says misunderstand that Elijah And the Holy Spirit told Baran that when he said, "Pick up a pen and write that good, evil, and I call them true ministers that misunderstand that Elijah." Oh, hallelujah. So there's no such thing as a holy church because church have three kind of believers, please. Okay. So therefore, the time of lingering filters out from the shout to the voice. Baram said, "I wish I had the voice of the archangel to bring it to a place where you can see it." So within this time, the seven seed prophetic vision is to be made plain or made clear. So as we get closer, you're not supposed to have more questions and your head hurting you and you're scratching your head while the minister speak because you're clueless about what he is saying. Hallelujah. Jesus opened their understanding to the scriptures that they might know clearly what they're supposed to receive. Hallelujah. So there ought to be no question in your mind as we get nearer. The word supposed to be clearer. The word supposed to be easier, smoother. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. He opened their understanding and he opened the word. They couldn't miss it if they tried. Peter was unlearned. Peter was a fisherman, but yet he stood there and said, "This is that [Applause] that the prophet Joel spake of." Why? Because Jesus revealed to them this going to be that. When this happened, this vindicates that. Come on, say somebody. This is the promise here. This is the promise of God. Wait for it. Don't take it by faith. Wait for it. I will wait till my change comes. Oh, give the Lord. Change is coming and I'm going to wait for it. Nobody going to tell me I have it already. I've got it to get it. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. I'm not buying no paper. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Okay, because Habac says, "Write the vision." Almost done. I'm going to wrap up. Habac said, "Write the vision." I make it plain that he has read me a run. So the third pull comes to bring the bride to the opening of the word. Hallelujah. But the prophet brought the word. So the third pull going to bring you back to the what the prophet said. But now your eyes are open. What's the sense God show you when you can't see? God have to open your eyes then he brings your word. You hear what I said? He open your eyes and bring to you your word. [Applause] When you see the word, you see you in the word. Then it becomes your word. Oh hallelujah. So you get caught up in being part of the prophet's prophecy. The people that know their God shall be strong. You know, tears and weeping and frung and depression all these years, but you're going to know him. You're going to know him. You're going to know at that day, you shall know him. And the father heal me and I you're going to know him according to 14:20. All right. Okay. Job said, "I'll wait till my change come." That must be our testimony. Men who run ahead always causes problems in God's program. God is about to remove the rocks that will fend on his holy mountain. Every obstacle in the way of dynamics, every man in the way of dynamics, God will move out of the way. There will be no more delay. Noah had to wait 120 years plus 7 days. Abraham 25 years. Jesus 3 and 1/2 years. John 6 months. Disciples in upper room 10 days. The waiting had to do with proving and testing his sons and also God's appointed time. But abandon calls it the process of character development, waiting on God and waiting for God. Amen. But abandon was born a prophet born and yet God commissioned him to do work of evangelist until he was positionally placed by God after being tested and tried. He became a placed vindicated son. Amen. Malachi 4 said that these virtues of faith, virtue, knowledge, etc. are to be proven to be in us. Then we are vindicated and placed. How dare any man claim to be in the five ministry per se without being proven, tested, vindicated and being placed. This is not talking by faith. This must be a manifested reality. Hallelujah. There is no true Bible fivefold ministry outside the process that was laid down by the prophet William Brown. Amen. There are no shortcuts. Amen. This time of lingering introduces the space of grace according to Revelation 22:17 to pick up our families. Hallelujah. And our loved ones along with Thomas who will not believe except be touched. We are in the time of judgment between the four angels stopping the wars of World War I and two and the sealing of the Jews. We are right in that time. We in a time in America 13 begin to speak like a dragon and will kill freedom of religion. What a time we are living in. This is going to be happening that the scriptures might be fulfilled. And I'll close with this one scripture. You have to find it. And I read it across there from Exodus 32 verse 1-4. This is when Moses went up and have his time of lingering to get instructions from God. Listen to these words. And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves unto Aaron and said unto him, "Make us gods, which shall go before us. For as this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we don't know what become of him. Aaron said unto him, bring off break off gold earrings and your ears and of your wise and so Aaron gain revelation say give us a god and he looking to make a god one time for them. Bing gold bing. All the people who bring out the golden earrings were in the ears and brought them to Aaron and received them at their hand and fashioned it with a graven tool. And after he made a molten calf, he said unto them, "These be your gods, O Israel, who brought you in the land of Egypt. You wore God. Look one, take that." And that is what happens when people don't want to wait. when they don't want to wait upon instruction supernatural God's guidance they make confession God but notice when Moses come down about who on the Lord's side Aaron is stupid enough to go and stay with that hol you know Aaron was one of the first one to run towards Moses side you know all the god he fashion all the molten thing he do Aaron do that wrong you know so when Moses say who on the Lord's side say I'm not with them you know I got this for you only pressure me to make mol god and what I g You better know. Don't be a stupid virgin. Don't be a foolish virgin. Come on. Don't be a stupid because five was stupid. Five were idiotic. They had lamp and no oil. However, light. Come on, say somebody. Hallelujah. Praise God. Be a wise virgin. Give me oil in my lamp. Oh, give me all in my lap. Give me burning. Give me oil in my life I pray. Oh, give me oil in my life. Keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the break say give me oil. Give me oil in my l. Oh, give me all in my life. I pray today. Give me in my life. Give me b keep me burn till the break of day. Oh, praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Well, this morning, brother isn't going to come to us to preach the word of God. But today, I want to say he'll be acting. He's standing in a position of acting assistant pastor. Praise the name of the Lord. So that is where he's going to be. So the assistant pastor going to come and minister to you this morning. So in my absence, Isaac going to be the point man accountable and responsible for the church operation. And when we are not here, both Isaac and I, but Steven Ali, he's going to stand in the gap there to be responsible and accountable. We will talk more about things after the service. Amen. But give me oil in my lung to keep me burning. Oh, give me I pray. Give [Music] [Music] me sing to the king. Oh sing to the king. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Give him worship. Give him glory. Give him honor. Give him thanksgiving. Amen. and blessed be the name of the Lord. Will you may be seated for a few minutes? Happy new year. And I pray that this year would be your year of harvest and blessing and outpouring to you and your family and your loved ones. And for your loved ones that are not here, this will be the year to see them come into the house of God. for your family that's not here. I believe that this is the year when God is going to with a mighty hand deliver his sons and his daughters from whatever condition, whatever situation, whatever bondage, whatever sickness, whatever confusion, whatever depression, whatever frustration, whatever tiredness, and God is going to with a mighty hand bring them out in this year. We got to speak it. We got to claim it. We got to accept it. We got to believe it. and we going to see it happen. Can the church say amen? You appreciate the pastor. Amen. Many amen. Well, I'm humbled by the confidence to serve and by the grace of God, I'll do my best. He knows I'm I'm a reluctant preacher. I'm a very unwilling preacher. I always like to be in the back and somehow God seems to have other plans. So, by the grace of God, we're going to endeavor to do what God wants us to do. Amen. And um it was really a great convention in Ghana. It was a great honor to be there and to serve and to see God's people go free. And every service was so tremendous. And the Lord placed on my heart a message, one taken, one left. And just to echo what Brother said, God isn't coming for one group and taking one group and leaving another group. He's not coming for one church and taking one church and leaving another church. He's looking for individuals. He is looking for people who are called out, who are separated, and will do everything because they count eternity more than what is natural. They place more importance on the things of God than the things of this world. Can the church say amen? So I'm here to encourage you as the first message of 2016 because I believe time is short and when you read the news and all of the news is just confirmation of what God's prophet said so many many years ago to see Russia bearing its strength to see America doing what they do getting into position. What about the bride? What about the bride of Jesus Christ? And you know it's so sad how many people have gone through this message and you don't see them anymore. There are people walking who know the truth. There are many people who were here in the 60s7s 80s 90s. There are people who know of the prophecies and they walk the streets and they live anyway they want. They drink, they smoke, they carry on and yet they still know the prophecies. And sometimes when you meet them on the road, they shake your hand and they ask you how things going and they they actually quote scripture and quotes from the prophet to you and they talk about, you know, judgment is coming. And some of them are quick to preach. You know, are you on fire? And they're living there and living any kind of life convinced but not concerned. They know God sent a prophet. They know the Bible is real, but there's no desperation in their souls. Amen. They know Los Angeles is going to sink. Glory. And I always wonder because I believe the bride will be here when Los Angeles sings. You know the kind of service is going to have after Los Angeles sings [Music] because people are going to come running out of the woodwork saying, "Lord, I'm coming home." But who knows? It might be too late. Amen. Amen. Because God's clock and his countdown, I believe, has already started. God already is counting down to get his bride out of here. Oh yeah. So before we leave this place, we got to put everything in position. Cut everything out that not supposed to be there and put everything in that's supposed to be there. Can the church say amen? Thank you musicians. Before I get to the message, I just want to share a few things to kind of lay a background before I get to the text this morning. And um I believe that the season has really changed and in the message the world is falling apart. Brother Brandham said, "Friends, we are not promised a system. We not coming to church just to have church. Jesus wouldn't have nothing to do with a system. We wasn't promised a system. We were promised a kingdom." And how do you get into it? By one spirit. We are all baptized into this kingdom. So, I'm not sure what you came to church for this morning. But I pray that you came to church to be in that kingdom. And if you don't have the Holy Ghost, if you don't have an experience, people make all kinds of New Year's resolutions. You should have only one resolution. Lord, I want an experience. I want the token. I want the Holy Ghost. Because God is not asking you what church you belong to, who your pastor is, how long you're in the message, what books did you read. He's not interested in that. He's interested in one thing. and one thing only. Do you have the token? Do you have a testimony? Do you have the life? Do you have what it takes to get out of here? Can the church say amen? So that is my focus this morning. That's the only thing I'm interested in. Not to be another message church, not to just come to church, but Lord, we have a need this morning. I can't live on his experience. I can't live on brother Pam's experience. I can't live on Moses's experience. I can't live on Joshua's experience. I can't live on my mother's experience. I need an experience for myself. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. You don't hear me this morning. If you don't have an experience, you should be shaking this morning. Because without an experience, you're not going to make it. Uh if you don't have the Holy Ghost, uh you are not going to make it. Uh and the Holy Ghost will make you behave a certain way every single time. Uh so if you're up and you're down and you're in and you're out, you need another experience. You need another touch from God. Can the church say amen? We're going to preach in a minute, but I want to nail down. We are not part of a group. We are not part of an association. We are individuals uh who have come from the east, from the west, from the north and the south. And we have gathered because the words of the son of man are being echoed in plain view so that the living reality of the living God can be made real to us. It is not good enough to know that God is real. What I want to know is he's real to me. I don't want to know about what he did for somebody else. But this year, I want to know what he did for [Applause] me. Hallelujah. It's easy to talk about what God did for the prophet. It's easy to talk about what God did for the pastor. It's easy to talk about what he did in the scripture. But what has the Lord done for you? What is your testimony? When I see the blood, I pass over you. Can you testify that you have met the pillar of fire that was Moses's testimony? What is your testimony? Young brother, young sister, because if you have a testimony, then the world has no attraction for you. Sin has no attraction for you. Can the church say amen? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We serve notice this morning against every sickness. Yes, I serve notice this morning. Satan, the blood of Jesus is against you. We serve notice against the demons that try to stop you from worshiping. We serve notice about that demon that tells you you should backslide and you should give up. We serve notice this morning to every demon in hell, every demon in your mind, every demon in your body, every demon in your spirit. We serve notice. We serve notice to your family. We serve notice to your children. We serve notice to your husband. We serve notice to your wife. We serve notice for you and your house. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. This is the Lord's doing. It is marvelous. It is marvelous. He's not going to lose one. He's not going to lose one. God is real. The message is real. He's the same yesterday. He is the same today. He is the same forever. You may be seated. The message is not the problem. The message is a vindicated message. The prophet is not a problem. The prophet is a vindicated prophet. The problem is the individuals who want to twist the message to their own purpose. But I want all that the prophet said belongs to me. I want all the scripture says belongs to me because one of these days uh there'll be no more church services. One of these days there'll be no more meetings. And it'll take the power on the inside to transform the outside. You may be seated. [Applause] We haven't seen persecution yet. We haven't seen problems yet. And for those of you who feel you're so stressed out and you're so bothered, listen to this. In the book of Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 32, Paul says, "But call to remembrance the former days in which after ye were illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions." So Paul is exalting the church. I want you to remember when you came out of darkness. That's when the pressure started in your life. Uh people like to the Pentecostals can't preach this because they want you to believe that when you come into Jesus, everything will be all right and it's going to be a a bed of roses. But Paul is saying, I want you to remember that when you came out of darkness, there was a heat turn up in your life. Uh there was trouble in your life because the devil doesn't want to lose you. He doesn't want to release you. He want that demon to stay on you. He wants that sickness to hold you. He want that spirit of fornication to reside in your soul. He wants you to commit adultery. He wants that spirit of pornography to sit there. But we serve notice today. We know who our God is. We know who we are serving. We know what we worship. [Applause] You may be seated. Brother Brandon said, "For re for we receive a kingdom that cannot be moved." Cannot be moved. Governments change, prime ministers change, empires change, currencies change. But we receive a kingdom that cannot be moved. You could take that to the bank. People trembling. They're skimming in the accounts. You know, one day your money will be worth nothing because you won't be able to buy or sell unless you take the mark of the beast. It's what skimming got to do. Then all of these things around you just to shake the world, keep the world. And then the Bible calls it men's hearts failing for fear. The situation intensifying because the God of this evil age knows that there are people coming into power. There's a people in the land who are coming into power. Brother Brandham said the moment you realize who you are, then the devil is finished, he calls it an invincible army, an unstoppable people, Joel's army, a people that the devil can't move around, can't push around. I'm talking to you this morning. I'm not talking to your past. I'm not talking to your mistakes. I'm not talking to what you did. I'm not talking a 2015 that's over. Thank God it's over. Paul said forgetting the things that have passed. I press I press I press towards the mark. So I come this morning to say church let's press towards perfection. Let's press to adoption. Let's press to see the seven thunders utter their voices to that group who could take the [Applause] word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm not satisfied coming to church. I'm not satisfied being a church member. I'm not satisfied hearing good messages. I'm not satisfied hearing good singing. I'm not even satisfied hearing good preaching. I'm not satisfied until I see the living God living inside my heart. I'm not satisfied just coming to church. I'm not satisfied with a cold lukewarm religion. I'm not satisfied being in the message. Give me liberty or give me debt. Give me freedom or give me debt. Is that how you feel this morning? These old bones they are rejoicing this morning. Your cells in your body, they are rejoicing this morning. The trees uh they are groaning this morning because they are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Uh those men and women uh who come from the God class. Uh they come from God. Uh they are going back to God. One day you will look at sickness. You wouldn't even have to speak because sickness will tremble at the very presence of sons and daughters of the living [Applause] God. You may be seated. One time there was a lady with a brand was ministering. There was prayer lines. She was watching what was going on. She came to the meeting sick. She was in her crutches. She see people getting healed. And after a while, she humbled her way up to the prophet and just looked at the prophet. He didn't even pray for her. Her fate was so anointed. She just took the crutches and handed it and walked away because the atmosphere was right. The anointing was all over the place. And the word was being spoken and the word carries the anointing. You may be seated. So what are you saying, preacher? No matter the fear and the concern and the situation that the disciples had, they made it their business to be in the upper room because in the right atmosphere, everything could be changed. In the right atmosphere, your situation could be resolved. All you got to do is get to the upper room. You had to be in the upper room. That's why Paul exhorted the church. Don't forsake the assembling of yourselves together because something happens. You might have a little small spark and you have a little small spark and you have a little small spark. But when these sparks come together, there's a fire that begins to connect. But the brand said that's a pillar of fire. It's a little piece over there. It's a little piece over there. But when it comes together, God is pleased because he loves fellowship. He loves communion. He loves relationship. That's why we come into the house of God. That's why David said, "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of [Applause] God." You may be seated. We're going to preach in a minute, but I want to make sure that we are going to the same place. I want to make sure we have the same destination. Hallelujah. Amen. There are people who like to go because of the ride. There are people following Jesus, because of the activity, because of the bread, because of the fish, because for all the years they were in church and never saw what Jesus did, but they had no real revelation. Question. 5,000 people got bread and fish. Next service, 67,000. The church growing. How many made it to the upper room? 120. Where were all those believers who were there listening to Jesus? Amen. Where were they? In the upper room. They heard him preach. They saw miracles. They witnessed bread being multiplied. They witnessed fish being multiplied. And you couldn't find them on the day of Pentecost. Seeing is not enough. Hearing is not enough. There must be a desire to act upon the word of God and apply the token to your house. It is not the responsibility of the pastor to apply blood on your house. He has to apply on his house. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. It is not the responsibility of the minister to come and put blood on your house. You have to apply it in your house. You have to plead for your house. You have to cry out for your house. You have to seek God for your house. You got to carry for your [Applause] house. You cannot blame the pastor. You cannot blame the elder for your house. It's one thing if the word is not being spoken with clarity and with zeal and with enthusiasm, but if the word is clear to you, then it is up to you to act. Moses told him, "Kill a lamb without blemish." There's no argument, no debate, no interpretation, and take that blood and put it on the door because the dead angel is passing by. He's not asking how much money you have, what job you have, how long you a Jew, what tribe you belong to, whether you a Levite or you a God or whatever you are. When I see the blood, I'll pass over you. That angel is not compromising about that. When I see the blood, I will pass over you. But I've been a Jew all my life. That has nothing to do with it. When I see the blood, I'll pass over you. But I'm in church every Sunday. That has nothing to do with it. When I see the blood, I'll pass over you. When I pay my tithe, that has nothing to do with it. When I see the blood, I will pass [Applause] over you. Only blood will speak of your testimony. Only blood will speak of your action. Only the blood. I don't want to hear you explain that you know what the blood is. I don't want you to describe the blood. I don't want you to tell me about the seven virtues and the seven thunders. I want you to apply the blood because the blood for our day is the life of Christ. And brother Brandon taught us anybody could speak, anybody could preach, but the thunder that shakes the devil is that life. So when I see the blood, when I see you forgive, then I'll pass over you. When I see you have temperance, then I'll pass over you. When I see you have patience, then I'll pass over you. When I see you have brotherly kindness, then I'll pass over you. When I see the blood, seven perfect spirits, seven dead, seven birds, then I'll pass over you. [Music] Ezekiel 9 says to seal an angel with the ink horn right now moving through the camp and to begin in the sanctuary. Begin in the church. Begin at the ancient men. beginner. Those who know better, who have been in the message for a long time and they are playing the fool. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Gotten lazy. No prayer, no consecration, no dedication, no zeal to serve God, no zeal to testify. I wonder if some of you really love your families. You have loved ones and you don't talk to them about Jesus. You have families and you don't testify about what God did for you. Have no testimony at all. They are more of an influence on you than you on them because you are weak and you don't have guts and you don't you're not bold enough. That's why be bold. Be strong. Be courageous. Be very courageous. Give us men of God. give us David's back in the church who will say, "I need help. My son needs help and I'm going to come to the church and lay at the altar prostrate before God until my son walks into the house of God. [Applause] People choked by the cares of life, choked by ambition, choked by greed, choked by the desire to make money, choked by the desire for recognition, choked by the desire to be a somebody. And when God is looking for nobody's because he's the only body that matters, can the church say amen? Yeah, I'm going to read a scripture in a little while, but I believe when we come to church now, we come to church to tar in his presence and to get strength to fight the battle because there's not much more time left. That's why the Bible said as the day approaches, we supposed to meet more frequently because we are getting into rapturing condition [Applause] the world is falling apart. says, "I look for a rapture." And this is scary. For just a handful of people, that's right. Just a handful of people, they'll never be missed in the world. Now, when I preached this, I preached this same quote in the message rapturing condition. And a brother called me because when I said this, I said, "Church, if this whole church disappears, that will be kind of obvious." Because if the prophet said they're not going to be missed, it means it's really a handful of people will go into the rapture. If this whole church disappears, that's kind of a red flag. That's right. Amen. So it means from out of the church, God is calling a bride. So I charge you and I challenge you young man, young woman. You could be 99 years old or 9 years old. You make your calling and election sure. This has nothing to do with your husband, your wife, your child, your boss, your neighbor. This has everything to do with the eternal destination of your soul. Because this earth is going to pass away. Heaven and earth will pass away. But not this word. This is going to come to pass. And the devil will be so mad with those who go into the rapture. He will come to h the remnant. The church members who were sitting in the same services but didn't act upon the word. Lord, give me strength. put that burden in my heart to make my heart right with God. Is that your prayer this morning? Is that your desire to have an experience with God that goes beyond coming to church for you and your house? Can we all stand to our feet? Hallelujah. Glory to God. I want to read one portion of scripture to encourage you for this new year. And we're going to read from the book of Hebrews, chapter 10, and we're going to read from verse 35. Hebrews chapter 10 and reading verse 35. And the Bible says, "Cast not away therefore your confidence which hath great recompense of reward. For ye have need of patience, that after ye have done the will of God, you might receive the promise. For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come and will not tarry. Now the just shall live by fate. And if any man draw back, if any man backslide, if any man turns away, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. But we are not of them who draw back unto predition, but of them that believe to the saving of the soul. I want to read this one more time, but from the amplified. It says, "Do not therefore fling away your fearless confidence, for it carries a great and glorious compensation of reward. For you have need of steadfast patience and endurance, so that you may perform and fully accomplish the will of God, and thus receive and carry away and enjoy to the full what is promised. for still a little while, a very little while, and the coming one will come, and he will not delay. Amen. But the just shall live by fate. My righteous servant shall live by his conviction, respecting man's relationship to God and divine things, and holy f and holy fervor, born of faith, and conjoined with it. And if he draws back and shrinks in fear, my soul has no delight or pleasure in him. But our way is not of those who draw back to eternal misery, predition, and are utterly destroyed, but we are of those who believe, who cleave to and trust in and rely on God through Jesus Christ the Messiah, and by faith preserve the soul. Shall we bow our heads in a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we are so touched this morning to be in your presence, Lord, on this Sunday morning service, Lord. There are so many people, Father, who have lost their way. And Lord, we come this morning to be encouraged, to be edified, to be built up, Lord. And Lord, as your word says, to cast not away our confidence, Father, but to move boldly with faith and go forward, Lord. not drawing back to lose our souls but pressing towards the mark. Father, may you touch your people this morning. Father, may you bless the reading of the word, the hearing of it. May you bless those who are connected on the internet. May you bless those who would hear this tape when it is played. May you be with your people for the next few minutes. May you open our understanding to the scriptures and speak to us in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. And amen and amen and amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. I have a title this morning. It is cast not away your confidence. And my inspiration fully persuaded that the promise will be fulfilled. Cast not away your confidence. I want you to turn to your brother, sister, greet them and tell them cast not away your confidence. I just want to make sure nobody is sleeping. Everybody feeling fine? Wonderful. So Paul is speaking here in the book of Hebrews. Cast not away your confidence. Amen. Amen. Confidence is faith. It's trust. It's assurance. When you are confident, you are bold. You are sure. You are persuaded. Nothing can move you. You are fearless. You are aggressive. When you are not confident, you you need permission. You need approval. I'm not I'm not sure. This thing looking good. This tie matching the shirt. I really not too confident to go out there with this door. You're not sure. You're tentative. You are hesitant. You are easily influenced. So Paul is exalting the church in the book of Hebrews. Cast not away your confidence. Amen. which had a great reward. So there's a reward for just being confident. And then he goes on because you have need a patience. He's connecting it after you have done the will of God that you might receive the promise. In other words, have confidence. If you do the will of God and be patient because the promise is going to be fulfilled. Don't be discouraged. Don't don't give up. Don't backslide. Just keep confident because the promise has got to happen because God made the promise and you have been faithful for all these years. So don't cast your confidence. You may be seated. I'm going to teach a little bit then we going to preach. Paul is attributed with writing 14 books in the New Testament. Romans, 1 Corinthians, 2 Corinthians, Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians, 1 Thessalonians, 2 Thessalonians, 1 Timothy, 2 Timothy, Titus, Filimon, and Hebrews. When you read the letters that Paul wrote to the Romans now, we know Paul's ministry was a transition because he was a Jew and his ministry was to the Gentiles. But as he is building in his ministry, he's writing Romans. He's writing to the both Jews and the Gentiles among the Romans. Then he speaks to the Corinthians in Corinth. So he is now not dealing with those in Rome and the heritage of Rome. But he speaks to the Corinthians. Then he speaks to the Galatians. He speaks to the Ephesians. He he speaks to the Philippians. He speaks to the Colossians. He speaks to the Thessalonians. There all gentile nations. And then there are the pastoral letters. letters written not to churches but written to individuals. So he writes to Timothy as you study show yourself approved. He he speaks in a pastoral ministry edifying individuals to Timothy to Titus to Filimon. But then there's the book of Hebrews which is written differently from every other book that Paul wrote. Amen. In fact biblical scholars argue if Paul even wrote the book because there's such an anointing with how it's written. They see who could have written such a book. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The whole of Hebrews is a book of exhortation. Hebrews 11. By faith. Amen. By faith, Noah. By faith, David. By faith. But just before Hebrews 11, there's Hebrews 10 where God is saying, "Cast not away your confidence." What is interesting about this book, he's not speaking to Gentiles. He's speaking to believers. Amen. So he's speaking to people by the kangali who born and grow up in this thing. People who know the thing. They know the thing. They know about this history. They know about Genesis and they know about Moses. These are Hebrews. So he's speaking to people cuz when he says about drawing back, he's not speaking to new believers. That's right. He's speaking of people who have been in the faith because for you to draw back you had to be somewhere to go back. If you in the world you can't backslide in the world where what you backslid and domen. It's only after you went forward you could backslide. So he's speaking to believers and say don't draw back. Hold your ground. You're not healed yet but hold your ground. You don't have the Holy Ghost yet but hold your ground. The winds might be blowing, but hold your ground. Lock your knees. Hold it to the ground. Let the storm blow. Let the wind blow. But whatever you do, don't draw back. Don't cast away your confidence. Paul said in Philippians, "Being confident that he who started the work in you is able to Somebody help me preach in the house. [Applause] So Paul is exulting the church. It's a specific category of believer because there's something happens when you in church a long time. Lord, I've been holding on for 10 years and I'm still not healed. Lord, don't cast away your confidence. Lord, I've been coming for 15 years and Lord, I I'm still looking for that touch. That's that's who he's preaching to. But don't cast away your confidence. 40 years in the message, but don't cast away your confidence. Don't draw back. You have need of patience because the promise is about to be [Applause] manifested. In other words, Paul is preaching, he's in the spirit and he's speaking in veiled terms. He's saying, "Listen, hold on." If he was speaking in today's sermon, he would say, "It ain't over till it's over. Don't give up. We come too far to turn back now. Don't cast away your confidence." And you know what I love about this? Can I preach a little bit? He said, "Don't cast." And he places the power of casting in your hands. In other words, God is never going to take your confidence away. And the devil cannot take your confidence away. All the devil could do is tell you, "But look what you do for God." And nothing happened. Like what he did with the prophet. He said, "But you pray for people and look at your own child. You ministered and look at your own family trying to nip away at his confidence." That's what he tried to do with Job. He said, "Job, look at your condition." And Job, he held on to his confidence. His confidence was not in himself. He said, "Though he slay me, yet still though the skin worms destroy my body, yet in my flesh, I have confidence that I'm going to see God. It might be in the resurrection, but I'm going to see [Applause] God. Somebody help me this morning. [Applause] Pass not away your confidence. Don't draw back. Paul said, "We are not a them that draw back." You know how many people were in the message and they're not here. They draw back. Yes. Yes. Yes. Amen. Situations come and brother Brandham said, "God sends situations into the church." Amen. Amen. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God sends them to shake to see if you're grounded because God is in the character formation business. If God had a company, his company would call character formation limited. Amen. Or rather character formation unlimited because there's no limit with God. Character formation. He's in the character formation business. He said, "Cast not away your confidence. Don't let anything discourage you. Don't keep your head down." You might be waiting for healing, but don't cast away your confidence. Look up. Be patient. Said, "You have need of patience." Because God has approved something. You are waiting, but God is waiting. And the devil is watching and God is talking about you. So be patient because I'm proving something to the devil that you can wait until you can wait until your change [Applause] comes. Turn to your brother and sister and shake your hand and tell them, "Cast not away your confidence. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Applause] Paul slipped this in there and I love what brother Waldron said two weeks ago. He said, "Listen, it's a open book." Open book. Seven sea go anywhere. Old Testament, New Testament, preach anything. This is a hidden mystery in there. Written to the believers. So when the devil says, "Look at your son. He not in church." I'm confident. I'm not going to cast my confidence away. I'm going to be patient because the promise has got to come to pass. Come hell or high water, my son is going to come back. My daughter is going to come back. Sister Christine and I has got to open up the female conditions in this church going to be dissolved. All the arthritis, diabetes, high low blood pressure. You can look the situation in the face and hold on to your confidence. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise. [Applause] You may be seated. This message is real. This message is right. This me is a truth. And Paul, Amen. was looking and I know he they all connected, you know, because Paul taking orders. That's right. From Jerusalem. No, Paul wasn't taking any orders from Jerusalem. That's right. Paul was busting Jerusalem. He was busting Ephesians, Corinthians because Paul wanted to hear from one source. Paul had a vertical relationship. If he didn't hear from God, he has seen nothing. They heard from God or they kept still. No small talk. Paul is not creating stuff. He is looking through the banister of time with eagle eyes from his father seeing the church going through transition, you know. Remember the Brandon when he was here, he thought he was going to make the rapture. And those who were in Brham tabernacle thought they were going to make the rapture too. And as God unfolded time, Paul was saying, you have need of patience because the promise is going to come to pass. But God has some scriptures to fulfill. He going to place a time of lingering. And the only way to go through a time of lingering is by patience. Hallelujah. Waiting on God and waiting for God. So he always places this stamp of lingering because he doesn't want it to be your strength, your might, your ability, not even your prayers. It's all about his timing. That's why brother Brandham said if God is ever to do something, it wouldn't be your pray. It will be the grace of almighty God. That's why the headstone will come with shoutings crying grace, grace, grace, grace. Because if it wasn't for the grace of almighty God, I'd be drunk somewhere. I'd be lost somewhere. But his grace is sufficient. Sufficient. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Are you enjoying the presence of the Lord this morning? So don't cast away your confidence. Be confident that he who started the work in you is able to bring it to pass. He promised to supply all all of your needs. So you don't think God knows what your needs are? He knows your needs. So if God promised to supply you all your needs, just be patient and don't cast away your confidence. And what does casting away your confidence mean? It's the same thing with over red. The children of Israel really and truly they're really troubling her. Yes. Imagine for 400 years you're locked up. You can't help yourself. You can't take yourself out. God sent Moses based on a promise. Yes. He just sent Moses. Moses came as a fulfillment of a promise that God gave to Abraham. So Moses just happened to come. It was God fulfilling his word. [Music] And God comes and delivers them. The plagues, no other kingdom could have beat Egypt. That's right. God wrecked the whole system. Swallowed them up when he opened the Red Sea. Swallowed up Egypt. And Moses going to get the word of God. And the children of Israel, they're feeling antsy. They can't wait for Moses to come back down. So they cast their confidence away. And they say, "You know what? We need our own God." Hallelujah. Religious spirits, you know, build their own gods in the message. Put on men what only God wants. Put on ceremony only what God wants. put in tradition only what God wants. When God only wants to be the object of worship and he wants the praise, he wants the honor, he wants the glory. [Applause] Amen. But as if they should have learned their lesson, they come down to Kadesh Bara. Amen. Amen. And after they saw God deliver them from Egypt, deliver them through the Red Sea. Have grace even with his golden calf. Foolishness, they come to Kesh Bania and they send the spies and 10 men come with a testimony. We need to cast down all confidence. Because we cannot take this land. Hallelujah. These giants, these situations, these problems, we don't have what it take in our own eyes. That is real self-esteem in Israel real self-confidence. In our own eyes, we look in the mirror, we look like grasshoppers. Yes. And Caleb and Joshua, we know they came late because they had not had grapes before. They had not had milk before. They had not had the honey before. Them fellas come, they close so in honey, soak in milk. There was no bib. They didn't invent the bib yet. fellow was pouring milk and honey and praise God come back to see no but everybody crying even the elders crying the ministers crying the deacons crying everybody crying hallelujah why are they crying we don't have it we can't take it amen and said let us cope at once once we are more than able don't let a little trial hallelujah take away your confidence let a little situation get you to put understand this in the amplified it said don't fling away your confidence. In other words, whatever you do, hold on to it. Even if you're scared, hold on to it. You're feeling weak, just hold on. You might lose everything, but not your confidence because your confidence has a reward. Your child might walk on you, but don't hold on to it because your confidence is what's going to bring them back. Whatever you do, don't cast away your confidence. that he who started the work in you is able to complete it. Daniel was confident. David was confident. Moses was confident. His confidence was based on his experience with God. And if you ever get a genuine experience with God, then nothing will move you. Moses had a testimony. What is your testimony? What is your testimony? Enoch had a testimony. What is your testimony? Paul had a testimony. What is your testimony? Brother Brandham had a testimony. What is your testimony? You must have a testimony. You will have a testimony. You have not believed in vain. The devil wants to destroy your confidence. The devil cannot take it away. But if you throw in the towel, if you give up, if you cast away your confidence, the devil knows that you are finished. But as Paul said, I'm going to nail it down being confident of this very thing that he which had begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen? Hallelujah. Don't cast away your confidence. You are going to receive the Holy Ghost. Don't cast away your confidence. You are going to be healed. Don't cast away your confidence. The Egyptians you see today, you will see them no more. Don't cast away your confidence. God promised to take care of you. Don't cast away your confidence. He will put food on your table. Don't cast away your confidence. He will open the word to you. Don't cast away your confidence. He is able to give you a wife. Don't cast away your confidence. He's able to restore your marriage. Don't cast away your confidence. He's able to restore your wife, your husband, give you a wife, give you a husband, give you a job. Don't cast away your confidence. It's only a test. Be patient. It's going to come to pass. The word that was spoken has got to come to pass. Don't cast away your confidence because no weapon formed against you can prosper. Cast not away your confidence because by and through the bride will be fulfilled all that was spoken. Don't cast away your confidence. You may be seated. Hallelujah. All that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was, he poured into the church. Don't cast away your confidence. Hallelujah. I've said it so many times. America banned praying in schools. But when 9/11 took place, they brought tele evangelists to CNN to pray for the nation. They removed their confidence in God as was established by the founding fathers and placed their confidence in the systems and the nuclear weapons and the technology and the systems of men that evolved from Cain's children. In the absence of confidence in God, we place confidence in our doctors and our lawyers. And it's only when the situation is bad, we come back to church when the doctors don't know what to do. So, you want to come to pray when you're supposed to come to pray first because your confidence should only be in God. You don't hear me this morning. We place our confidence in our parents. We place our confidence in our relatives and in our neighbors. When God says, "I am the God that created you. I am the earth is the heaven is my throne and the earth is my foottool." Hallelujah. Cast not away your confidence because in the church of the living God lays the power to cast out demons. There are people in here this morning with all kind of unclean spirits in their souls. But there's power this morning to cast it out. You don't have to go back home with that demon of lust, that demon of pornography, that demon of drinking, of smoking, of whatever it is. Don't cast away your confidence. God didn't bring you out of the world to abandon you, to lose you after all these years you've been holding on. You know God already touched you. You know he delivered you. You know he opened the word and now the devil trying to wrap up your mind for you to give up. But he said stand therefore having done all to stand. He exalted them. Stand with put on the whole armor of God having done all to stand. Stand and don't cast away your confidence. In the church of the living God lays the power to heal the sick. Don't cast away your confidence. So many people have accepted their sickness as if it's part of their condition. It's just something I have to live with. Yeah. Don't cast away your confidence. That sickness has already been served notice. When Jesus died, that sickness was finished. And we plead the blood this morning over every person here battling any condition. We speak a word to those who are not here. Sister Janice Traer, Sister Antoine, we speak a word right now, right where they are. Every condition, every sickness we serve notice today. We are confident. We are convinced. We are fully persuaded that he is the same yesterday, the same today, the same forever. Hallelujah. But let's go a little deeper. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Let's praise God. Let's go a little deeper. [Music] Cast not therefore your confidence, which hath great recompense of reward. For ye have need of patience, that after, now this is the fine print. This is the where the pedal hits the metal. Amen. Amen. And this is why many of us cannot get the results that we are looking for. If you are in school and you have an exam, if you do not study, you will not do well in the exam. Amen. Unless you have photographic memory, unless you were born with some genetically enhanced understanding of mathematics or biology or chemistry, you have to learn from somewhere. If you do not put the effort and the time and the dedication in the material when you do reach the point when you pray, you can't pray for God to bring anything back to your memory because you place nothing in your memory. Yes. So the Bible says, "For ye have need of patience after ye have done the will of God." Amen. And that's the problem with many of us in the message. Amen. We have failed to do the will of God. Amen. Jesus said, "If you love me, keep my commandments." He called David a man after my own heart because he will fulfill all of my will. Jesus himself had to come to terms with father not my will but thine be done. And there is the crossroad for every believer who follow the message of Malachi 4. Their battle or the battle rather of their will with the will of God [Music] because God is looking to see his will because his will is the same way but the brother said full obedience to the entire word of God. entitles you to the token. So if we are saying that you have to have the token to go and brother Brandham taught us full obedience. This is not 90%. This is not 20%. This is not a buffet and I like rice and I don't like spaghetti and I don't like macaroni and I just want this. This is full obedience to all of the word now makes me a candidate for the Holy Ghost to dwell inside of me. Hallelujah. So, I'm here to warn the church. Amen. This is a real kind of mixed up service, huh? Be confident. Be sure warning. That's what brother Random taught us. Let the sword go in and then come out gentlemen. Amen. But we trying to get to somewhere that we because it's it's just in Hebrew. Let me read it for you. I like to go back to the Bible. Hallelujah. In this same Hebrews, this this is this is my context scripture for what I'm doing right now. In this same Hebrews 10, and let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works. Amen. I'm not trying to provoke you to the wrong thing. It's to love unto good works. Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is, but exalting one another and so much the more as you see the day approaching. Amen. In other words, as the day is coming, we need more encouragement because the devil is just trying to throw your confidence away. He wants to make you work more, work over time, do this, do that to distract you. And you know what? The rapture going to go and you're going to be clocking your car to hell because you have abandoned the will of God. I have said to the young people many times, not every job is for you. You got to know if you're in the bride. You got to have a revelation. You got to put God first. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. It's not a system. It's not a religion. You want to be a Pentecostal, go to the Pentecostal church. You want to go to the rapture, then there are certain things you must do. You cannot perfect yourself in your house. Why would we need pastors? Why would we need a church? You have to have a burden because all of the scripture must be fulfilled. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And this is why my wife and Ian Paul says this is the not this church part. Amen. The will of God means you live right. Amen. You dress right, you speak right, you have a testimony. People must look at you and know you are a Christian. They must not wonder, I wonder if No, your testimony must speak. They had to take note that they were with Jesus. They were written epistles. Your skirt halfway between long and short. You're not sure. It might be not short. Maybe if you lean so you're not sure. You lean so you Brandham said if you want the Holy Ghost What did he say to do? Spend time with people who have the Holy Ghost. Who are your friends? Who do you spend time with? Who do you want to be like? You spending all your time talking about this, about that, about the other and abandoning the will of God. But I'm here to encourage you, cast not away your confidence. Because you couldn't even be here this morning unless God had confidence in you to call you, to predestinate you, to put your name in the lamb's book of life, and to create a provision for you. Amen. So that you can receive the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know what brother said? He said temptation is not wrong. You know, it's giving into temptation. He said the Holy Ghost when those women walk on the street supposed to make you turn your eyes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The temptation not going to go away, you know. But the Brandham was panicking in his day. I told the young people, he said he hung a cross in his car so that when he see the woman walk in the 1950s and the 60s, God help us, he would look at the cross. What about our day? I told young people the size of the cross you need could fill the whole car. Amen. Hallelujah. But that's the day we live in where hell is on the earth and the devil is not taking prisoners. He wants your soul. And that's what the scripture said. Don't draw back. You have come this far. What you talking about going into the world? What are you messing with that person with that drink, with that smoke, with that lifestyle? What are you doing? Amen. Amen. Amen. When you're supposed to be in the word, because I told somebody recently, you can't be in the word and then get in an argument with your neighbor. You can't be in the word and you end up cussing out your friend. You were just in the word. It's impossible because the word carries an anointing. When you're in the word, all of a sudden troubles come and the wind blow, hurricane happen, and you don't even know it happened because you are just locked up in eternity. Because you are creatures of eternity. You belong to the God class. This earth doesn't matter to you because heaven and earth will pass away. But this word cannot pass away and you become the word as you as you receive the word and you can't wait to hear. You can't wait to be in church on Sunday. You can't wait for the midweek service. It It's food for your soul. This is better than KFC. Better than jobs. Better than [Applause] Wonderful. Have you done the will of God? Hallelujah. Have you been faithful to his word? Have you been praying? Have you been in the word? Have you separated yourself from the world? If you have done these things, then be patient because the promise is just ahead. I'm not going to be too much longer with you. But Isaiah 40, hast thou not known? Hast thou not heard that the everlasting God, the Lord, the creator of the ends of the earth, faintth not, neither is weary? There is no searching for his understanding. He giveth power to the faint, and to them that have no might, he increases strength. Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Cast not away your confidence, but wait on the Lord, fully persuaded that he who started the work will be able to finish the work. Can the church say, "Amen." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. David said, "Let none that wait on thee be ashamed." David said, "Lead me in thy truth and teach me, for thou art the God of my salvation. on thee do I wait all the day. He said, "Wait on the Lord. Be of good courage and he will strengthen thine heart. Wait, I see on the Lord. Our soul waitth for the Lord. He is our help and our shield. For evildoers shall be cut off, but those that wait upon the Lord shall inherit the earth. I waited patiently for the Lord and he inclined unto me and heard my cry." This morning I say they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. You have not been waiting in vain. You have not been holding on in vain. God is going to pour out the Holy Ghost. He's going to fill you. He's going to seal you. He's going to deliver you. He's going to change you. Hallelujah. The musicians can get ready. They that wait upon the Lord, that's what this message is all about. Cast not away your confidence but wait until your change come. Wait patiently because the Holy Ghost uh he's moving fixing things around uh for the coming of the Lord. And the problem is too many of us we want to do our own thing. But God has always said wait until you be endured with power from on high. He said tar he has always been a God of waiting. He told Abraham and Sarah I will return unto you according to the time of life and you're going to have that son. Abraham didn't know how it was going to happen, but he had to wait. And he staggered not at the promise of God. Uh because he knew there was something about waiting. And we have been waiting, not in vain. But I believe any day and now we're going to see the manifestation of the prophecy. Noah had to wait. Joseph was in prison and he had to wait. He couldn't take himself out of prison, but he had to wait until his change comes. I'm saying we are going to wait and your change is going to come. Somebody say amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Wonderful. Glory. Glory. Wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. So if you are struggling today, Hallelujah. If you are hanging on today, even the youth shall faint and be wary, and the young men shall utterly fall. Man at his strongest is weak, but all God always wanted to find somebody who would depend on him, who would place confidence in him, who would wait on him. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Friends, without God, without Christ, without the Holy Ghost, you are going to fall. But if you seek the kingdom of God and wait on the Lord, uh, you are going to run and not be weary. You're going to run straight into the rapture. You're going to run straight into your portion. Can the church say, "Amen." Amen. Hallelujah. Getting ready to close out. Cast not away therefore your confidence which had great recompense of reward. For ye have need of patience, that after you have done the will of God, you might receive the promise. For yet a little while, and he that shall come will tarry. He that shall come rather will come and will not tarry. Now the just shall live by feet. But if any man draw back, listen carefully. Now the just shall live by fate. But if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. But we are not of them who draw back unto petition, but of them that believe to the saving of the soul. And we read in the amplified that drawback is because of fear. So I want to say this morning, you don't have to be afraid to worship. Hallelujah. You don't have to be afraid to stand up and be a real Christian. You don't have to be afraid to claim your inheritance. You don't have to be afraid to say, "I'm going to be adopted." You don't need to be afraid to say, "I'm going to be perfected." You don't need to be afraid to say no to that friend, to that family member who wants to take your soul to hell. You don't need to be afraid to testify about Jesus the same yesterday, today, and forever. And that God sent a prophet with a message of deliverance, a message of power to take us to the rapture. But before we go into the rapture, we must accomplish certain things. We must see the sick healed. We must see the cripples walk. We must see the backsiders restored. Amen. You must not be afraid to invite your family to church to tell them there is a God that's real. Hallelujah. Don't be afraid. Hallelujah. And most importantly, as that scripture said, don't draw back. Don't draw back. Amen. you draw back, you lose your soul. Brother said uh rather Paul said in that same scripture and a lot of times some of these scripture when you read it, it makes you really really grounded. Listen to Paul in that same Hebrews 10 verse 26. For if we sin willfully, after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sins. Amen. In other words, it's a high calling because when you are illuminated, as he said in this scripture, you need to forget the old things. Yes, there's blood, but you can't willfully sin. You can't go and do what you want. You can't live anyhow because you have a different owner. You are under a different covenant. You're under a different promise. You have a different destination. This world is going to hell, but you are going to glory. Can the church say amen? So, don't draw back. Keep moving forward. Yes, you're going to have up days. Yes, you're going to have downs, but keep moving forward. Don't cast away your confidence. I spoken this a long time ago. We're talking about Lot's wife because she's a classic example of drawing back, of looking back, of turning back. And I said Lot's wife, I don't mention it on Thursday night. She heard the message. She responded to the message. She knew the message. It was impossible for her to have been around Abraham and not know about God. She knew about being in church. She knew about all of this. And when the call came, she responded. She listened to the warning. She started the journey to her redemption. But she draw back. She gave up her confidence. Friends, I'm compelled this morning to challenge everyone, young, old, make your calling and election show. Amen. If you have been not giving all that you're supposed to to the kingdom of God, straighten up this morning. Amen. just before the terrible plague strike. Revelation 22:10 says, "And he saith unto me, seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand." He that is unjust, let him be unjust still. He that is filthy, let him be filthy still. He that is righteous, let him be righteous still. And he that is holy, let him be holy still. We are in 2016 and God still hates sin. Amen. And sin will still be judged. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother said if God doesn't judge America soon, he'll have to resurrect Sodom and Gomorrah and apologize to them. Amen. Amen. Maybe there's somebody here this morning you could begin to play something softly. Hallelujah. And maybe you have been grasping at your confidence, thinking of letting go. Maybe you're here this morning and you're backsliding. Maybe you're here this morning and you just came to church because it's the first Sunday of the year and you wanted to be in the house of God, but you haven't been praying. You haven't been crying. You haven't been putting God first. You have found every other thing to be important, but the business of God and the business of your soul. I want to challenge you this morning to not leave this place until something stirs in the inner man. The door is open this morning. But the Brandham taught us that every age had a messenger. But the Pentecostal age, God slipped that open door, that Holy Ghost door, that Holy Ghost entry there that anybody could come in and have an encounter with the supernatural. Amen. That door is still open today. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, you get desperate and say, "Lord, I don't want to live this way anymore. I don't want to go to school tomorrow for those who go to school without an experience with a pillar of fire. Because outside of an experience with a pillar of fire, it's just death and destruction. Amen. In Noah's day, Noah preached, they didn't believe him, but when God shut the door and the clouds begin to come, they all wish they could get him, but it was too late. Lord, that's the same way it's going to be in our day. Noah's children didn't understand what all the fuss was about because God didn't speak to them. Noah had to make sure his children stayed in there because they were saying, "We're missing all the fun. We're missing all the parties. We're missing our friends are doing this and that." But when the rain began to fall, his children were so happy they were in the ark. Young brother, young sister, you may not understand everything that you hear preach to you, but thank God that you are in the ark of safety this morning. Christ is that ark of safety. When death and destruction hits the land, trust me, it's already here. The judgment is being held while the ceiling angel moves through the camp, looking for those who sigh and cry for the abomination in the city. Those who are trouble in their souls, saying, "Lord, you made a promise. You have been holding on. Now bring it to pass. We're not going to let you go until until you bless me. Those who sigh and cry for the abomination in their houses. Sigh and cry because the evil is everywhere. We complain about the murders and the robberies and the crime. That's not going to stop. It's going to get worse because but the Bible said all the love will be only in the bride. There's still love on the earth, but one day it's going to be only in the bride. And then when the bride leaves, all of the love will leave. You know what kind of place it's going to be when there's no more conviction in the heart? There's no more conscience telling you what's right and what's wrong. There's no love. There's no love anymore on the earth because the bride went to all the love. Where you going to hide? Where you going to run to? This is not to frighten you. This is not to scare you. But it's the reality of what's coming. It's already spoken. And we see the fulfillment of prophecy. Russia waiting. They are in their place. America is in its place. All of the world is in their place. Sodom and Gomorrah is already on the earth. What about you, young brother? What about you, young sister? You make your calling and election sure this morning. You take time this morning. Your school could wait. Your job could wait because God is Jehovah Gyra. He will provide for you. But your soul cannot wait on the Lord anymore. Your soul needs uh to hear from the Lord. Your family needs this. Your son needs this. Your daughter needs this. Your husband needs this. The world needs this. Brother Anthony, may the Lord bless you this morning. Let's stand to our feet. Maybe there's somebody you want to be prayed for. The altar is open this morning. But you don't have to leave the way you came. I don't care how old you are. I don't care what position you are. The altar is open this morning. If you want to be prayed for, you come right now. Don't you hesitate. Don't cast your confidence away. The Holy Ghost is here. The angel of the Lord is here moving from person to person, looking to put a mark, a ceiling mark upon those who sigh and cry, sighing and crying for the abomination. You don't belong to the world. You don't belong to the devil. You don't belong to the lust and the styles and the fashion. Oh, maybe your son or daughter is not here, but you want to come and stand at the altar for them. You could come to as a witness. Apply the blood to your house. Say, "Lord, I'm here for my son. I'm here for my daughter. I'm here for my husband. I'm here for my wife, but I don't want to go home. I don't want to go home. I don't want to leave this presence." When the angel of the Lord is here, he's still in the hearts, still in the hearts of the people to come back to God. Oh, you backslider. You better make things right now. You better come back to God now before you lose your soul. All over the building this morning. All over the building. The angel is here. The Holy Ghost is here fixing things around. He's here moving from person to person. The angel of the Lord is here. He He wants to fill you. He wants to break the chain. He wants to break that spirit. He wants to break the lust. He wants a house of hell give way to the name of Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] We wait on you. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Oh, all to you. All glory. [Music] All power to you. Holy Father, we worship you. Precious Jesus, Holy Spirit. We wait on you, Holy Spirit. Oh God, we wait on you for fire. Oh God. Turn your fire. Enter the holy of holy. I enter through the blood of I toship you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. you. Oh, I worship you. Heat. Heat. Oh, I the blood of the lamb. I toship you all. I to my Lord I worship you. I wor I worship you. I worship you and I worship [Music] you. Heat. Heat. Oh, so your name is Somebody cry out. Somebody cry out before. Oh, so Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. So Jesus is calling. calling for you for me. Tell you Jesus is calling for and come home. Come ye away. Come on. Tender. Jesus is call holy. You love him this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You will find he's [Music] busy to him. [Applause] He is more reach and touch the Lord say oh reach out and touch the Lord where is you your he to We [Applause] don't touch you. [Music] He is by this moment your Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him praise this morning. Lift up your hands and worship him this morning. Glory. Oh, give him a shout of praise. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Give him worship this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's worthy of all the praise this morning. He's worthy of the honor this morning. He's worthy of all the glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Crown you now with many crowns. Sing with me. You reign victorious. You are high. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven. Worthy is the [Applause] lamb. Worthy the lamb. Reach one. Reach your brother. Praise the king. The lamb victori. Jesus the son of [Applause] [Applause] God [Applause] Glor. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Jesus. Jesus. Where is he? You worship the Lord as a music. Let's worship. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh man, what a first 2016 service. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. My Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord. Oh Jesus, son of God. [Applause] worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Oh my god, a word of prayer. Hallelujah. Father God, we thank you for your love as we see the assistant pastor come and minister the word of God. And as we set the church in order and things come right and line up, we would see more and more of the spirit having the preeminences. How we thank you for your mind dropping down Lord to give that word of encouragement to not to cast away the confidence. Father, we are standing on that solid rock word that was revealed by your end time message and prophet Mia 4. And as your people go to their homes, those even connected to us, Lord, that your spirit will drop down and they'll worship you in their hearts and feel the anointing in their homes wherever it is played that you are worthy. Lord, we are worthy. It's not about us. It's all about you and your son's coming back into position. Grant travel your mercies. We pray in Jesus name we ask it.
