################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Walking Through The Fire - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   Walking Through The Fire - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker: Isaac Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU7p4Dm8psQ
========================================

and no one will leave the same way that it came. Lord, that we will lift up such a sacrifice of praise and worship and adoration to you. That you'll be pleased to dwell among us. That you could pour out your spirits among us. Lord, I pray that you'll be with the musicians, the singers, the worshippers, the ushers, deacons, Lord, the ministers. Your word goes forth this morning. Lord, I pray that you have your perfect will. Have your preeminence this morning, Lord. Lord, I pray that you find pleasure in what we do. the songs that we would sing, every word spoken, we want to be careful to give you all the praise, honor, glory, adoration, exaltation in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Sing that song glorified today. I'd like some more voice in the monitors, please. Oh my [Music] Lord be glorified. Be glorified. in my life. [Music] be glorified today. Sing it [Music] glory. Be glorified. in my life. Lord be glorified today. [Music] [Music] Be glorified in my life. [Music] be glorified. [Music] One more time in my life. Be glorified. Be glorified. [Music] [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be his name. Let's You deserve the glor [Music] and worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Oh, we lift our hands and worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do mirales so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands and worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Oh, we lift our hands and worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do mirales of great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do males of great. There is no one else like you. There is no Let's sing it one more time. You are great. Oh, there is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Said you are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great. How great is our God. He is a name above all names. That he is a name above all names. He is worthy to be praised and my heart will sing. How praise is our God. He's a name above all name. He is the name. You are worthy to be praised. And my heart will sing. How great, how great, how great. [Music] Just one more time. He's a name above all names. There's nobody like him. He is the name above all names. He is worthy to be praised and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Give the Lord a hand of praise. is all over this place. Wherever you are, just worship him right now. Yes, Lord Jesus. Father, there is none like you. You're greater than our challenges, our problems, our trials. Whatever you may have need of, he can provide it this morning. He is great and greatly to be praised. He deserves all honor and glory this morning. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me is our God. And all see how great how great is our God. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Give him praise this morning. Give him glory this morning. We're here to create an atmosphere of praise and worship to him who sits on the throne. He is worthy of it all. He is the master. He's the king of all kings. He is the ruler of everything. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, lamb of God. Oh, come and go with me. Oh, to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house. Come and go with me. Go to my father's house where there's peace. Oh king Jesus will be there in my father's house in my father's house. In my father's house, King Jesus will be there. In my father's house where there's peace. We'll pick it up a [Music] [Music] second there. In my father's house, in my father's house, King Jesus will be there in my father's house where there's peace. Come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. I said to my father's house, "Come and go with me to my father's house where there's peace." Let's take it up one more time. Oh, King Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. King Jesus will be loud. In my father's house where there's peace one more time. Sing [Music] to my father. Oh come and go with me. to my father's house where oh give me oil in my lamp keep me burning oh give me oil in my lamp I pray give me oil in my lamp keep me burning oh keep me burning till the break of daying I am. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lap. I pray in my burning. Keep me break. Oh, one more time. Give me oil in my keeping. Oh, give me oil in my life. Give me oil in my life. Give me burning till the break of day. Oh, sing and come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house. said, "Come and go with me to my father's house where there's peace." For the last time, I said, "King Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house, in my father's house, King Jesus will be there in my father's house. Where thereace [Music] blessed be his holy name. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Thank you lamb of God. Thank you Jesus. He is worthy this morning. Amen. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, you got to love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the love. [Music] Let's sing it. Jesus on the line. Jesus. [Music] Tell him what you want. Tell him what you want right now. Jesus. [Music] [Music] right now. Oh, Lord, I need a healing. That is what I want. [Music] Oh, that is what I want right now. Lord, I need deliverance. Oh, that is what I want. Lord, I need deliverance. That is what I want. Lord, I need deliverance. That is what I want. That is what I want right now. Oh Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. That is what I want. Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. That is what I want. Oh Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. That is what I want. That is what I want right now. He's here this morning. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Oh, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main [Music] right now. Let's clap your hands as the music plays. [Music] Jesus on the mainus [Music] on the main Jesus. on the line. Tell him what you want. Tell him what you want right now. One more time on the main line. Tell him this morning. [Music] what you have. Oh, tell him what you want. Tell him what you want right now. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy. He is worthy. Thank you, lamb of God. We need him more than ever before this morning. We need him more than the breath you breathe this morning. We need him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He is here to meet your needs this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Just worship him all over this place. Lord is worthy to worship and adore the lamb of God. Victori [Music] right now, my redemption, my rightous [Music] exalt your name of Jesus. He is worthy. He alone is worthy. alone is worthy to worship and adore [Music] the lamb of God. Victorious my Lord. He purchase my redemption, my rightousness. He exalts his name. of Jesus. He's worthy. Let's sing without the music. He alone said he is worthy to worship and adore the lamb of God. Victorious. My reason [Music] purchase my righteousness and know the name of Jesus. of Jesus and he is worthy. With every hand raised all over this place, let's sing it. He alone [Music] to worship and adore. [Music] He is victorious this morning. [Music] He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's alive and well. Said he purchased our redemption. My rightousness is here. Exalt the name of Jesus that he is worthy [Music] to worship and the Lord. The lamb of God, victory, my lord, [Music] right? [Music] Exalt the name of Jesus. He [Music] is worthy. [Music] Exalt the name of Jesus. He is worth. [Music] Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's worthy of the praise. He's worthy of the glory. He's worthy of the honor. He's worthy of the thanksgiving. Exalt his name forever. From the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, his name is worthy. His name is wonderful. His name is glorious. There's none like him. There's no one like him. There's no God like Jehovah. He is our Lord of Lords. He's our King of Kings. He is mighty in battle. The Lord is here this morning to do battle for us. Hallelujah. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come into your house this morning, Lord. Lord, your house of correction, your house of training, your house of healing. your house of restoration. The question was asked, "Is there a bomb in Gill? Is there a physician here?" Lord, you said they that are well have no need of a physician. Lord, we are all here because we have come with situations looking for a doctor. Not just any doctor, but the great physician who is able to not just look at the symptoms, but dig deep into the root cause of the problem and permanently deal with the issues of life that affect us in our daily walk, in our homes, in our jobs, in our marriages, in our family situations. And Lord, the secret sins, the sins that easily beset us, the chains and the weights. and he's able to write a prescription to permanently reverse the situation. Father, Lord, we thank you this morning for your presence, the angel of the Lord that's in our midst to help us to go through the journey. You promise to never leave us. You promise to never forsake us. You promise to be with us, Lord, and to even go further, to be even in us, Lord, until the end of this terrestrial, this earthly journey, Father, until we leave this place, Father. Lord, we pray dear God for every brother, every sister here this morning that the angel of the Lord would speak to your children both here in the sanctuary and those that are connected online. May the angel of the Lord speak to each one. If there's someone that's backsliden this morning, may they come to restoration. If there's someone tired, weary, may you raise them up and give them strength like the eagle could renew the strength of the eagle. Father Lord, there are many have been standing in the battlefield for a long seen brothers come, seen sisters go, seen wounded soldiers, fallen soldiers, but here they are this morning on June the 22nd. They are still standing, Father. They might be wounded. They might be battered, but they are still eagles at their post of duty. Looking up for their redemption joy, looking for the captain of the host, Lord, who is mighty in battle, captain of our salvation, who promised to lead us through every trial. Lord, we give clearance. We give permission this morning to walk through the doors of our hearts, the doors of our lives. You are a gentleman. You said if any man th you said, I stand at the door and knock. If any man open up, I'll come in. Lord, we thank you that you are not a God that boss through situations, but we welcome you this morning in the sanctuary. We welcome you in the church this morning. We welcome you in our hearts this morning. We welcome you in our situations, the ones we have tried to fix ourselves and then we have come short. We welcome you this morning. We give you permission to move anything that needs to be moved, to throw out anything that need to be thrown out, restore anything that needs to be restored. We we don't care about these natural things, Father. Whatever you want to do, Father, do it this morning. Lord, naked we came into this world and naked we will leave. Father, the only thing that is a currency that is transferable over there is our character, Father. So, Lord, help us through the word this morning to hone and shape our character, Father. Lord, help us to cut out the things from us that don't belong. When we look into the mirror of the word, we could say just see Jesus looking back at us. Father, may you take me out of the way and speak lip to ear to your people in the precious name of Jesus Christ. May you bless the reading of the word and the hearing of the word to understanding in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, and the church says, Amen. Turn your brother sister. [Music] My home, [Music] [Music] whatever you do, Lord, Don't pass me by. Not today, Lord. Not in this season. Not in this hour, Lord. If I ever needed you as this morning, calling you. [Music] Lord, if I ever needed you this morning, hear my humble cry. [Music] I don't want to be left standing when I have all these promises. [Music] Can we give the Lord one more hand of praise? I greet you this morning in the wonderful matchless name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Before you take your seats, let's just read one portion of scripture for reading one familiar passage of scripture from the book of Romans 8. Read from verse 14. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. So this is a conditionality in scripture. To be identified as a son of God, you must be led by the Bible said as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are sons of God. So it's not a you can walk around saying I'm a son. I'm a son. If the spirit you have to ask question for ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry, abare witness with our spirit. that we are the children of God. And if children, then means we have something that we ought to expect, something we ought to receive, something that we are entitled to. God and joint ears with Christ. Again, another conditionality in scripture if that we suffer with him. In other words, this thing we just read is conditional on the basis that you are able to suffer with him. If you are not prepared for the suffering that is part of the suffering with him, this scripture we just read could be removed because it's a conditionality. It is dependent on something. So if children then of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature awaitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated in the presence of the Lord this morning. And can we give the Lord a hand of praise? It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord on June the 22nd, 2025 and to be able to gather under the canopy of life, where there is hope, where there is opportunity, where there is safety, where there is comfort. I bring greetings from Ghana, from Brother Olu, from the believers there. I was home on Thursday evening as you retreat of God. I had the opportunity to speak to the purchase of the blood of Jesus Christ over there. A tremendous time in the Lord and I was able to strike something the glory which shall be revealed in us. And I took it from the scripture here in Romans 8. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. So I want to connect a few things in there for us this morning and have a different title. Title this morning is walking through the fire. We have to walk through the fire. Hallelujah. Everybody feeling fine? Wonderful. So before we get to the message, unless you have been living under Iraq, you would know that the war between Middle Eastern conflict of conflict has accelerated over the last few days or so, Americans. they believe in. And we are seeing scripture fulfilled before us. Many times many of us who are not part of that geographical area or at first glance the economic impact implication of these things we may consider ourselves immune not realizing that everything is connected and through the word the taught us that wars are really spiritual forces dealing with one another and that what is being manifested in the natural is only an expression of what exists in There's a war for this earth. There's a war for dominion. There's a war for the elements. In fact, the enemy is called the prince of the power of the air because there's a jurisdictional power that comes with an authority of dominion. But when you read future home where the random tells us that the same water and fire and all these things that come to the believer, the same that happens to the earth as well. That one of these days the earth will And the same way that God treat the believers the way he treat the earth that that that that all the spiritual forces that are in the air that we battle not against flesh and blood but principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness that there's a fire to come. That same fire that baptizes the believer and does a transformation in that believer is the same fire that comes upon the earth to burn the earth with a fervent heat and spirits will be destroyed in that fire. Demonic forces will be destroyed in that fire because our God is a consuming fire. Can the church say amen? But the fire that comes to burn the earth or burn the elements or burn things around us, it can only do so much to the believer. Can the church say amen? Because you cannot get burnt in that fire. The fire to us is a cleansing fire, but to the enemy it's a burning fire. But our God is a consuming fire. He could consume everything that is not supposed to be there. So even when you come into the house of God and there's a fire in the place, that fire is doing a number of things. It's demons can stand in the fire. But sons of God could stand in the fire and they could walk through walk through the fire. Can the church say amen? I'm trying to lay a foundation. having a bit of a conversation this morning because we have not been this way before. And we are dependent on the Holy Ghost to lead us through some dark waters, to lead us through some rough patches, to lead us through some situations. Because at the end of the day, naked we came into this world and naked we will leave. The only thing that is transferable, we said it in a prayer, is your character. So your house will burn, your car will burn, your bank account will burn, the bank will burn, but your character that cannot be destroyed. Your character will change its dwelling place. That's the real you. And the real you is a product of the seed that in you that turns into something. That's why the prophet can say you are not even the believer. But the word in you that's the believer. You couldn't come this morning unless there was a word seed in you. You could not bring yourself. This is too exclusive. You don't hear me this morning. This is by invitation only. You can't just show up in the house of God unless he called you because he said all that the father had given me, they will come. Something in you woke you up this morning. I've preached it many times. You didn't wake up your alarm clock didn't wake you up this morning. Go put your alarm clock in the morg and see if it wakes up anybody. They're already dead. But the Holy Ghost woke you up this morning because there's a role you have to play in the economy of God. And that role is to stand. That role is to overcome. That role is to win. There must be a hunger in you to win. You heard what I said. There's got to be a hunger in you to win. There's got to be a hunger in you for your family to win. There's got to be a hunger in you for you to overcome in the natural and in the spiritual. There's got to be a testimony that God is working with you. They've got to take note that you've been with Jesus. They've got to take note that the message found good ground in your heart and that the seed planted by the messenger of the hour has taken root and has brought forth root seed after its own kind. It cannot bring forth something else. It could only bring forth seed after its kind. So prepare yourself because we have some rough waters ahead. I remember when I was a young Christian I read quotes where but the man said it's not an easy journey and we look at it many times as if trials and testings are an interruption of the journey. So it's almost like I have this journey and I in a trial and I'm in a testing but I begin to realize George this journey is one of suffering. The interruption is the mountain but we have to spend more time in the valley or you don't hear me this morning. This is not the kind of sh and jump for joy. So good to see you. You brave the weather. You brave the elements. Show up in the in the house of the Lord. May God bless you for the effort. God takes note of every effort you Oh yes. Not one will be left behind. Not one. You hear what I said, parents? Not one will be left behind. We're not leaving one behind. I don't care where she is, where he is, what they doing, what the devil said, what they say, it doesn't matter. All that the father had given me must come. Don't worry about him. You can't fix the problem. But he can. You don't hear me this morning. He is bigger than whatever situation your daughter is going through. Bigger than whatever situation your son is going through. Bigger than the demonic influence upon their life. The house of hell has got to give way to the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. By the power vested in me by the authority by the Holy Ghost himself. All that was in God, he poured it to Christ. All that was in Christ, he bought it here in this church. We have got to claim it for this church. I can't speak for any other church, but for this church, we claim it. Not one shall be left behind. You are going to be filled. You are going to be delivered. You are going to be free. You're going to be shouting on the hills of glory. There's going to be shouting on the hills of glory. Joy unspeakable, full of glory. I'm just encouraging you this morning to lift your head up, to square your shoulders back. We have had tough times. Tougher times are yet to come. But you're going to walk through the fire. You're going to walk through your trial. You have more trials to come. Yes, you have more trials to get. But Isaac, how is this an encouragement? How are you encourage this morning have more trials again? Because the word say God cannot give you more than you could bear. And what he's given you is to prepare you for something greater. So for David was the lion and the bear, but Goliath was always coming. Do you understand? Goliath was always on the plan. God had throwing Goliath, he was always there. But God knew if David didn't deal with the lion and the bear, he could never face Goliath. But because he still could look at Goliath and he could refer to his experience and he said, "But wait, let me tell you something. I was taking care of the sheep. And one time the lion came and I dealt with the lion. And another time the bear came and I dealt with the bear. And from my experience in those trials, I know my God is able to deal with this Goliath. This is nothing new to me. I've dealt with problems before. I've dealt with sickness before. I've dealt with backsliders before. I've dealt with minor devils before. Bring on the real devil. I know who I am. Can the church say, "Amen." You've got to be confident. You've got to be confident. Not just in yourself. You have to be confident in yourself, but confident in the God who brought you through. You couldn't be here this morning if God didn't call you. If God didn't bring you through. Can the church say amen? I'm just talking to you this morning. I read the scripture before and I read it over there in Ghana as well in Isaiah 43. But now thus say the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed the Israel. Fear not for I have redeemed. Who knew he called? who he called justified, who he justified. He had already glorified. The devil looking at you as if you're the same way you were yesterday. And God is speaking about you in the past tense because he already see the end from the beginning. He already see you shouting. He see you with the Holy Ghost. He see you adopted. He see you walking over the devils that been tying you up. He see you victorious. He see you perfect. So you can say who he for you, he called. Who he called, he justified. Who he justified, he hath already glorified. What shall we then say to these things? If God before us, tell me what devil could be against me, what bill could be against me? What sickness could be against me? What family situation could be against me? What child? What test? What problem? Listen to the scripture. This is Isaiah 43. I have called thee by thy name. So God is not in this group thing by he knows your name. We sing the song many songs we sing many things we don't understand it from a personal experience perspective. He said I have called thee by thy name. Thou art mine. Do you know you belong to God? Brother Andrew, sisterana, come on now. Do you know you belong to God? Sister Abigail, do you know you belong to God? And because you belong to him, you have to operate a certain way. Because your life is his life, you are his property. You are for his glory. You are for his honor, not your honor. You exist for his name's sake. You exist to give him glory. Can we talk this morning? Don't get scared. I'm not preaching. Let's having a conversation with the church. He said, "Thou art mine." Then he goes on, "When thou passes through the waters, I will be with thee." So it doesn't matter what tribe you're going through, have you looked for the Lord in the midst of your trial? I say, "Look for your phone. I say look for your neighbor. I say, have you looked to the Lord?" Because he said, "I will be with thee when thou passest through the waters. I will be with thee. And through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee." And listen to this. When thou walkest through the fire, that's where I got the title from. Walking through the fire. When thou, not if you walk through the fire, but when you walk through the fire, I want you to understand the trial is not a optional. It's not a random check. No. When you go through the fire, when you're in the middle of your trial, when you're back against the wall. Oh, come on now. When thou walst through the fire, thou shalt not be burned, neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. For I am the Lord thy God, the Holy One of Israel, thy Savior. I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopia and Sabre for thee. God is saying, I move governments for you. I move lands for you. I changed the laws for you because you belong to me. Can the church give the Lord a hand of praise? No wonder the Hebrew boys actually live this out, you know, because they were in the fire, brother Lynon, and they were walking through the fire. It looked like if they were they were prepared to die, you know. They said, "We will not bow down. Our God is able to deliver us. But even if he doesn't, we will still not bow down. And they walked into the fire prepared to pay the consequence of the fire. They were mentally prepared to burn. Are you prepared to suffer for your conviction? Are you prepared to bear the reproach? You struggling to cover your knee. You struggling to play Christian music. You struggle. But here it was. These men were saying, "We will not bow down. We don't care how good it looks. We don't care how nice it is. We are not going to bow down. We have seen too much in this message. God has been too good to us for us to bow down in 2025. We have seen too many prophecies fulfilled. All hell is against us. I don't care if brother so and so bow down. I am not bowing down. I don't care if sister so and so is bowing down. I am not going to bow down. And they're walking step by step. They had a choice. And listen friends, this is what I want you to get. God at any point in time could have stopped the fire before they got there. You know, he is God. At any point in time, we could have turned on the fire and and they say the car light it and light the fire out. But what glory God will get if the fire out. When God say you will walk to the fire and the fire wouldn't burn you. You don't hear me this morning. I said in Ghana we have scriptures missing limbs will be restored. Nobody want to volunteer to lose a limb. The sick have to be healed. Nobody want to volunteer to be sick. The dead have to be raised up. Nobody want to volunteer to be dead. But God has to do the choosing. He take a limb here. He throw in a better sickness here. He take this one home. All that scripture could be fulfilled. And there's a scripture that needs be fulfilled that somebody got to walk through fire and then not get burnt. And that was not just a testimony for those Hebrew boys, but it's our testimony. You are going to walk through fire and you're not going to get burnt because there's a fire in your soul that makes you fireproof. It sounds crazy, but it's the truth. Do you know that God already judged you? And because God already judged you, you already judge, you can't go back to judgments again. You don't hear me this morning. He already paid your case. He already died for you. When they're looking to pull your case, they say case dismissed. You cannot get tried for what you didn't do because your case already paid for. You don't hear me this morning. when the devil come because the Bible said the devil is the accuser you know he will say sister come you know what they did and every time he bring the case to present the case they say pull the records but somebody already paid the price here we can't charge you again if if listen if you get a ticket on the road and you go to try to pay the ticket and you didn't know somebody paid the ticket for you you know they can't take You have the ticket. They say I have a ticket here. But brother, I'm telling you, somebody paid you. They saying, "But I want to pay the ticket." You can't pay the ticket. We can't. We have no system to collect the money because the ticket paid. Who paid the ticket? Well, I know who paid the ticket. But we know who paid our ticket. Jesus paid our ticket. And this is why you got to walk around without condemnation, without fear. Yes, you made a mistake, but the ticket paid. The devil cannot hold it over your head anymore. He can say, "You need to pay this. You need to pay this, and you're paying for this, and you're paying for this." It's already paid for. When Jesus died on Calvary, he paid it all. All to him I owe. not just paid it but put it in the sea of forgetfulness. God himself say I can't remember. Could you imagine? There are few things that listen God could do anything he wants to do but there are few things God cannot do. God cannot lie and when it go forgetfulness he cannot remember. You know what I said this morning? God cannot lie. And when it go for again forget, he cannot remember. He don't remember what he did last year. He don't remember what he did 20 years ago. Once it's under the blood, he can't even access it if he wants to. The devil there with a fishing rod trying to pull up 20 years ago. I don't care about it. It's behind me. It's under the blood and I'm underneath the blood where the devil could do me no harm. And brother Brandham said this. He said the devil cannot get to you because you are under the blood. For the devil to get to you, he has to come under the blood too. And he can never come under the blood and underneath the blood. The devil could do you no harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. We are the blood washed purchase of the blood of Jesus Christ. Recognize who you are. You are going to make it. You are going to overcome. You are going to receive the Holy Ghost. You shall be healed. There's an inheritance for you if you could suffer with him. Suffer the reproach. Suffer. What does that mean? Suffer the criticism. Suffer the reproach of baroness. Suffer the cross of having to dress like a Christian when nobody else in our family wants to. Suffer the reproach of standing alone on the faith and conviction that God is able. Why you don't cut your hair? Why you don't wear pants? Why you don't wear makeup? And the easy one. The Bible say present your bodies a living sacrifice. That is your reasonable service. That's first year second year. We reach primary school. We reach secondary school. We reach university level trials. Present your bodies a living sacrifice which is your reasonable service. Reasonable means it's not hard thing to do. I share with them. I see Muslims who put people to shame in this message. I see Pentecostal holiness Pentecostals who will beat left, right, and center and they never hear the message. I challenge the young people. I said, "How is it when somebody backslide the first thing is wear pants, wear makeup?" It was in their heart all along. It had Pentecost wear somebody preach back to me. Holiness people who will outdo you. They will say no worldly music. this and you have this glorious message and want to play games with it. Come on, shake yourself. That is easy suffering. That's not even the real suffering. Abraham had to declare I'm going to have a son and for 25 years suffer the criticism of what to prove, no evidence, nothing to show. He just talking Noah had to build and suffer the reproach. A building with no evidence. It wasn't like rainfall before. And you can say, "Well, remember the last time it happened?" No, it never fell before. I need to suffer the reproach. There's going to be a revival. Seven thunders give faith. Seven thunders will gather the bride together. This never happened before. Don't worry about it. God spoke to me. Seven will show how to go. Rapture and faith is laying in a message. add to your faith virtue and virtue knowledge and temperance, patience. Godlin is brotherly kind. There's a five-fold ministry. Yet, there's a season of adoption. There's a power that's coming into the church that now coming in. And when they speak the word, it will flash like lightning. And they will only say what God wants him to say. And Noah is building something because what he's building and what he's preaching is what will take him to his destination. This message we are preaching is what'll take us to our destination. Somebody give God a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Everybody feeling fine. of the seven churches where said the true church of Jesus Christ the bride is likened to pure gold. You see what he compares you to? Pure gold. Her righteousness is his righteousness. Her attributes are his own glorious attributes. Her identity is found in him. What he is, she is to reflect. Are you reflecting what he is? What he has, she is to manifest. From beginning to ending, she is the work of the Lord. And all his works are perfect. Everybody feeling fine? from beginning to end. She is the work of her Lord and all his works are perfect. In other words, God made you perfect. There's nothing to change about you. When God made you, he designed you a certain way. You are fearfully and wonderfully made. You have character to build, but you don't need what the world has to offer because God took his time when he made you. And when he made you, he throw away the mold. There's nobody else like you. You are the best version of what God wanted to see when he put you here. And when he put you here, he never put a substitute. He He never put nobody else like you. You are an individual in God with a specific part to play that the devil could never take your place. From beginning to ending, she is the work of the Lord and all his works are perfect. In fact, in her is summed up and manifested the eternal wisdom and purpose of God. How can one fathom it? How can one understand it? Though we cannot do that, cannot accept by faith that God had spoken it. Can we go on? But not only is a candlestick of gold, it is a beaten gold. Can you endure the beating? Can you endure the chastisement? Can you endure the trial? I know this kind of jump and shout of service, but it's not just gold. He said it's of beaten gold. handcrafted of beaten gold according to her blueprints which were spirit given. So God is not randomly doing the beating. He is beaten according to our blueprint. Your trial is is is designed for you according to our blueprint. Your test is designed for you because God is working with blueprints. You know when you're building a house, you have a blueprint. You know where the roof going. You know where the window going. God knows what he wants to see with you and according to the So God not randomly sending you through trials. Whatever you are going through is based on the blueprint. That alone is a reason to shout because the the Lord himself knows what he wants to see from you. And he is only doing what is necessary to bring you into a masterpiece. You don't hear me this morning. I hope you get that. You know, so everything you're going through is by design. You know, there's no accident with God. I I always said, it's either God in charge or God not in charge. And if God is in charge and he knows your full potential, he knows your capacity. He knows what you can handle. He knows what he wants you to do. And he's looking at you now and know you're not yet ready. He decided to hit you here. Beat you here. Hit you here. See this problem here? Throw you in a fiery furnace. Throw you in a lion's den. Turn your wife against you. Turn the children against you. He He stomped you. Is didn't he preach that in your adoption message? And he look at you again. He say still not ready. Let me hit him again. Because this has got to be gold. This goal has to be shaped a certain way. He look back at the blueprint. He say not ready yet. Too much temper. Hit it again. Too much temper. Hit it again. Little less temper. Almost there. Hit it again. A little more temper. She was going good, but she just answer back. Hit it again. I just see no answer back. It looked like it. I wonder if it stick. Let me just try it one more time and see if it answer back again. Okay, no answer. Lesson learned. That's the shape. I want that part in because it's got to look like this. And through your suffering, he's beating the things out of you. Buy of me gold tried in the fire. Nothing that is not him can make it over there. So he's beating this morning. The potter has his hands all up in the clay this morning. The refiner's fire is burning this morning. Anybody with me this morning? Too much pride. a blessing and he get too puffed up. God pull the blessing. Give it some time to dry out. He give you back the blessing again and you see still too much pride. Pull the blessing. Give it the blessing again. See you can handle it. Now you see God looking for somebody. The more he bless the more humble they become. So you got to beat the gold until it come into shape. You don't hear me this morning. God is going to get glory in the midst of your suffering. And at the end of your suffering, there'll be no more suffering. Because weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning. One day when you look at the word, you're going to be like him. There's no need to beat it if it's in shape. And if God is putting you in the fire is to bring you into shape. Anybody with me this morning? I'll get back to the quote, but I want to take it from Peter. Peter said here it is beloved in first Peter 4. Beloved think it not strange concerning a fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened unto you. So what we want to make sure you get brother Stephford is that this fiery child is not a strange thing. Fiery child should be a normal thing. years ago I thought was a strange thing going through a trial and it's like you make it so he didn't get one in five years but here is Peter saying it's a normal thing you have trials every day you're looking for the trial because the more you go through the process of the trials you'll get into shape faster you you you heard me when you face your fear and face the situation and Everything get cut off afterward. There's nothing else to cut off. Anybody with me this morning? When the lion cut off and the gossip couple and the backbiting and the jealousy and the animosity and the pride and there's no more pride left. What is there to cut? You remember the sister was in church and the prophet was preaching. Everything except when God finish with you, you're dead to yourself. But describe he said when you're in the casket, somebody can lie on you. You look at them and say that not true because you're dead. How many of us really dead to ourselves? you're ready to go into war. It wasn't so. It wasn't this. And Jesus in his suffering to Calvary uttered not a word. And he was accused without a cause. Hated without a cause. Just like Joseph, Joseph had every reason to be mad. It was some of us when boys come to get food in Egypt. Not just no food. Just bring some gloves here. But not Joseph. He was a type of Christ. The same brothers who sold him in this throw him in a ditch. Nowhere in you know some people have diary and they plan for life. Nowhere in his plan had ditch soul prison all of that accused. He get into prison with something he didn't even do. He said Lord why me? is trial. Meanwhile, because he had to suffer Jesus, we know who he is. And the Bible says he had to learn obedience. So obedience was not the product of his birth or his heritage or his destiny. He had to learn it by the things he suffered. We don't know what his suffering was. But we know he went through suffering to bring him into obedience that he could say Lord not my will. I have my will but not my will. Then so we're going to leave here looking at our trials differently because we are being transformed by the renewing of our minds. So when you go to work and you go to church and you have conflict and have situations, you're going to find the things that used to bother you before don't bother you anymore. You trust God more because there's no accident with God and nothing is out of place. We fight to defend our name, our car, our house, the business, the family, and all that God looking for is the character. That is the only currency that God values because if your character don't look like that, it's not getting transferred. The transfer stick wouldn't work. Can we go on? I'm still in this here. Not only is the candlestick of gold, but it is a beaten But I talk about taking churches through a process. So the church could get mature. And I'm realizing one of the challenges in this life is that people are not mature. People get older and maturity is not a function of age. There are some 70 year old immature people and there are some 20 year olds who are very mature. Because maturity means you can sort of control what you say. Maturity means you could separate your feelings and what needs to be said. They could say of the prophet, you couldn't tell his friends from his enemies because maturity means you conduct yourself a certain way. Even though your mind or your heart may tell you something different, your maturity kicks in and brings these things under subjection. Even the Bible people are bringing your body under subjection which comes with maturity. Somebody knew in the faith struggled with these things. But when I was a child, I spake as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. The Bible said, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen." The other day I had a group call with my brothers and I just one thing that tell us say I love all your stupid what do what does he mean by that I love to the point that I will encourage all your foolishness because if love doesn't come with correction it's not real love and that's where some of the parents fail because you think by giving your child everything they want doesn't do that. Every son that come to God must be tried. I preached some years ago. You have to prepare your children for disappointment because life will have it disappointments if they never experience disappointment in your home. How will they deal with disappointment on the workplace or in life or in marriage? You create too perfect an environment for them in your home. They will never be prepared for the real world. and you set yourself up for failure because that's not the blueprint that God gave us. He said, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen because I want to see a behavior. I want to see an attitude. I want you to give thanks when things are good and when things are bad. In everything, give him thanks in the good times, in the bad times, in the You don't hear me this morning. Some of us, we need to be tougher. We need to be prepared for the reality. Paul said, "I've learned to be a peace. I've learned to live high. I've learned to go through all these things. I've been hungry. I've been wellfed. In all these things, to the strong, I became strong. To the weak, I became weak." You have to be flexible, malleable, unbreakable, maintaining your testimony. That's why preaches husband love your wives not as your father love your mother that's on the blueprint but as Christ loved the church that is the blueprint the Bible has the blueprint every business principle you could find you could find in scripture every marriage counseling book you could find in scripture every way to raise your children, you can find in scripture, it's in the word. And the role of the prophet was to shine light on the written word by the revealed word. So we can open this book that's closed to many and see all of it in plainness to prepare us to leave here. And the prophet thought, I didn't come to build a denomination. I didn't call to bring myself. I cannot point to Christ. Follow me as I follow Christ. But you need to be like Jesus. Don't be like the prophet. Be like Jesus. Because the prophet had his faults. Of course he did. Just like Elijah, just like Moses, just like David, just like the only perfect one was Christ. Oh, you don't hear me this morning? So, we got to teach him right and put line upon line, precept upon precept, so you could rightly not only divide the word, but give the answer to every man when he comes with his questions. Because that's what the Bible charges us to do. Be ready to give an answer. Why do you believe what you believe? Why do you trust God when things go wrong? God will have no spoil. And for many of you, the faster you accept who you are, Somebody going through being led in the wilderness and as you take a wilderness you eat some spicy hamburger at 3:00 in the morning and then Sunday morning the enemy fighting you that's not the enemy that's you're in say hey you're big and you have you supposed to know what you can eat at 3:00 in the You know when you eat that get trouble trial that is not the end of nothing. Even the devil is wonder. He can't blame for he didn't even do a soft answer turn. Do you have an argument at home and blackhating pong blackhat an argument and the enemy in your house the enemy soft answer shut down the whole thing. You know the enemy the enemy they say popcorn. Yes. Let me watch the fight. Last time the white win. Let me see who went in this time. Demons fall back. Fall back. They have this one on their own. We don't need to get involved. The devil. The accuser, the husband accusing the wife, accusing the husband and the children and the witnesses. If your neighbors cannot be invited to church, I talking to anybody here. If your coworkers cannot be invited to work by your life, I talking about you preaching to them because your life preach way more than I can preach in this pulpit. If the way you live can't convince somebody to ask, what is it about you that makes you operate like that? And you can say, well, I could explain some of it, but in summary, is it Lord? And if you want to know more about the Lord, come on. Come and just go to church with me and come and experience what we hear on a Sunday morning. We end up suffering things by our own design versus the suffering that is part of Christ suffering which is suffering without a cause. suffering for the sake of the gospel. Suffering because you have chosen the hard away and it's your choice and because of this a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. Anybody in the house this morning? Is this helping anybody? I'm not preaching this morning. just having a conversation still in that boat. But not only is the candlestick of gold, it is a beaten gold. Handcrafted. Handcrafted. This is not a automatic thing. This is not a a production line with other people involved. This is handcrafted by the master's hand. God has his hand on your life. And make no mistake about it. We are preaching about suffering, but God wants to bless you more than you could even handle. God has no problem with you being successful, being wealthy, being happy, being on top of the mountain. He has no issue with that. But he wants you to live that way with the character to handle it. That when you are there, you could still say it was the Lord's doing. And it is marvelous in our eyes. God is a jealous God. And the moment you say, my study and I work so hard and I work so hard. God say where am I in that picture because all the hard you work if your brain is working you have no heart to work you know come on young children come on young people I bright I bright what bright you bright is God give you wisdom is God give you intelligence there's a reason to thank God I talented I talented where you get the talent from is the Lord give the talent and the Lord Man's gift is what make a way for him. How you think you end the way where you end up is the Lord been guiding you. And God is saying up to now I get a proper note of praise. Well, you don't hear me this morning. You got to fix that. You know, you got to thank him in the morning. Thank him in the noon day. Thank him in the evening. Thank him when the sun comes up. Thank him in your trial. Thank him for the blessing. Thank him for the victory. Thank him for the bread on your table. It might be bread and bread, but thank him. It may be bread and butter, but thank him. It may be bread and jam, but thank him. I don't care what it is. Thank him. You may be seated. I was sharing years later. Everybody, but as a young child, I was so happy. I know apricot for you and who exchang at that context that meant the world to us. This came from foreign and I'm painting a picture that during your journey God as the father gave a little blessing but as I get older that jam you needed more than that jam to get my attention because I passed that stage and the same way God wants to bless you more. God don't just want to give you a jam. He want to give you a refrigerator with all kind of thing in it. He want to bless you with a seven course meal. You want to bless your family, bless your house, you want to put angels around your house, you could have blinking vigilance. There's nothing like the angel of the Lord. They're better than bling vigil. Oh, you don't hear me this morning. The Bible said is the Lord that make it rich and addeth no sorrow with it. You know much rich people have sorrow but when the Lord make you rich there's no sorrow in that riches but you don't hear me can I is anybody in the house this morning we look to man pro for pro promotion and the Bible say promotion don't come from east it don't come from west it come north it don't come from your boss it comes from the Lord when the Lord ready to promote you no man could get involved in that when God open a door for you who could close He said, "In blessing, I will bless thee. Every place you put your foot, you will possess the gates of the enemy. All that that is the Abrahamic promise that's upon you and your house." Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Walk in the confidence of your calling, in the confidence of your choosing. Can the church say, "Amen. I'm still trying to finish this. But not only is the candlestick of gold, it is a beaten wall, handcrafted of beaten gold according to her blueprints which were spirit given outside of her Lord and Master Jesus Christ. Listen to this part of the words here. Was ever a people so beaten and purged as the bride of Jesus Christ? In other words, there's no other people will go through suffering like this people here because of what she's about to get into. Listen to the prophet. Surely she is filling up the sufferings that Christ has left behind. Her goods are despoiled. Her life is in jeopardy. She is accounted as sheep for the slaughter. She is killed all the day long. She suffers much in it all, but in it all retaliates not. Neither does she cause others to suffer. Worthy of the gospel is this lovely bride of Christ. And as gold is malleable, meaning you could shape it, you can move it, you could twist it. You know, there's some people that can't talk to Don't be like that. You tell them something they get offended. correction all they can take is compliment something wrong somewhere along the line where the went wrong and you have this sense of of I don't know what to call it the world where people create this mental thing around themselves you know I am who I am nothing and I have no being positive and being encouraging yourself and you have to be open for feedback how you will see because you can't see yourself unless you have something on your forehead who I am forhead who I am proud of myself Something on your forehead. Don't let yourself be who you are. Love yourself. You still have something on your body. You could now say, "Well, let me check it out and see if something happen." And I'm painting the picture so you can see what's going on in people's lives. Sometimes it's not what we say, it's how we say things. You have a good intention and the way you come out is like so again you have to because friends in Because if I just go on your face and you're wearing stress and musicians, we have to stand as soldiers. begin to address your body. There's a soul and we know one day that body will come under subjection to that seed in your soul that knows when that he could smile in the midst of your child. You could confuse the devil. We talk about the gold say God to bring a man to such a spot. The devil don't even know what to do with you. The devil, oh God, I don't know. I don't know what to do. I push him. He praise God. I throw him out the work. He praise God. I take away I gave him five flat tires. He's still praising God. What did I do again? All four and you still praise God. Thursday I left the airport. I can see where to me Take out the trunk. Put it in the back seat. That is life. When they get used to the fact that life has it ups and it You will never appreciate mountain unless you taste the value. If you only had mountain, it will get boring enough. But when you taste a value, then you see a mountain. When you have a meal not so good and then you have a good meal, you can make a comparison. Be nice. Brother experiences. in front of us now and we want to be prepared as Christians that we have no entitlement that will always go so smooth that when something change you know you're going to judge your wholeing Don't let nobody know. Wash your face right you all. Meanwhile, there are people in here who have all kind of problems. Make no mistake about it. All kind of situation, all kind of burdens. And they hear they lift their hands and they say, "Lord, I here to trust you." No wonder the song writers say, "Nobody knows the trouble I see." Some of us may not be as expressive, but some through the water, some through the flood, some too great, but all go through the blood to bring our character to a point that God could accept it. I trust it's helping somebody this morning. Walking through the fire. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Could you take some more? And as gold is malleable, meaning you could shape it whereas brass will break with the break because will and take the hit and they will still come to church and they rebuke and listen to reason to come back to normal because again people have so much ego and feeling in their feelings and God care about your feelings. He care about his word. He came about your character. behavior. Whereas brass will break with the beaten. This gold of God will bear a suffering for the Lord. Not bowed, not broken, not destroyed, but formed as a thing of beauty and a joy forever by the trials and testings of this life. Can we give the Lord a shout of praise? And that's from the Ephesian churches. I just have a few more and I'm done. Could you take some better come before it is too late and buy me gold tried in the fire. This is why I say walking in the fire. You are walking through your trials, walking through your situation, walking through the reproach, and you're not bound, you're not broken, you're not defeated, you're there. You're taking the punches as it comes because you're onward bound. You're looking to your destiny. You're looking to your maker. You're looking to your future. You're looking to redemption. You're looking up. You're praising God in the midst of your child. Like Job, though, the skin destroyed. He had a reason to complain. His wife bless and grace to not call her a foolish woman. He told the foolish woman he knew and he speaking like them. He speak like a foolish woman but he didn't call her a foolish woman. Can the church say amen? You better come before said the Lord and buy me gold tried in the fire and then you will be truly rich. Are we getting it? Listen to me. Naked physically we came into the world but naked spiritually we will not leave it. Oh no we're going to take something with us. What that something is is all we can take with us. Nothing less nothing more. So we have better be real careful now to see that we take something that will make us right before God. So then what will we take with us? We will take our character brother. That is what we will take with us. Now what kind of character will you take with you? Will it be like his whose character was molded by suffering in the fiery furnace of affliction or will it be the softness of this characterless lay of people? So here they're probably saying there's a softness that this age produces. They are not real men anymore. Everybody living life who could stand for truth, who could stand for righteousness, who could make. This is what it is. Could you take some more? I'm not going to be too much with you, but I hope in some way the message that you have what it takes to walk through it and situation will come and testing you. Many times we look at other people and the reality is friends, you can't change nobody. You can't change your neighbor, your children, the government. Through it all, you have to be working on yourself. That's all you can control. You can control your prayer life. You can control your attitude. You can control the response. You can control how you deal with situation, with temptation. You can control If you bad, if you do stupidness, that is your control from theian churches. Now the Lord God Almighty says, I know there he is walking in the midst of his people. There he is the chief shepherd of the But does he hold back the persecution? Does he stem the tribulation? No, he does not. He simply says, "I know your tribulation. I am not at all unmindful of your suffering. And there are many in the house who say you don't even know the trial I'm going through and all hell is against me or this is working out and the children and the money and the business and this and that. He said I know your tribulation. But saying God is not unmindful of your suffering. He knows exactly what your suffering looks like. Whether it is your health, whatever it is, he knows And I said, "What a stumbling block this is to so many people like Israel. They wonder if God really loves them." How can God be just and loving if he stands by and watches his people suffer? This is the prophet's words. He said, "This is what they ask in Malachi 1-3. The burden of the word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi. I have loved you, sayeth the Lord. Yet you say, wherein thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother? Said the Lord. Yet I love Jacob and hated Esau and laid his mountains and his waste for the dragons of the wilderness. You see, they could not figure out God's love. They thought that love meant no suffering. They thought that love meant a baby with parental care. But God said his love was elective love. The proof of his love is election. That no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact that they were chosen under salvation. Oh, come on now. Because God had chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. That is his prerogative. He is sovereign. You are soldiers and he's the chief captain. He will determine the road you go through. It doesn't mean he doesn't love you. He could send you to the fiery furnace. He could send you to death. He could send you to. But his love is elective. He is sovereign. But it is all with a purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. His purpose is that After we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. Can church say amen? You love it this morning? Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Are you willing to have the right attitude in the midst of your suffering, in the midst of your trial, say the right thing, do the right thing? Does anybody remember? She was complaining about how she was frustrated with the child. Everybody, how you act, how you move Yes, things are tough, but what is your reason for not? What is your reason for not being in church? What is your reason for because of one trial, one problem, one situation? What kind of soldier are you? Because the Bible says in this is in the same Isaiah 43 or sorry, second Timothy 2, thou therefore endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. I'm almost done. His purp and settled. Don't you want to be settled? Perfect standing, perfect state. Nothing can move you. The Bible said to him that overcome when I make a pillar in the temple of my God, he shall not go any more out. Meaning you are firmly rooted. You're backsliding that even an option for you anymore because you are grounded. You have been settled. No temptation could come. Your appetite has been changed. The world has no attraction to you anymore. Anybody with me this morning? But goes on, he learned obedience by the things he suffered. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. Hebrews 5:89. Though he were a son, yet he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, but I'm just putting it there in context. He became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. In plain language, the prophet says the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. Now, when you catch this, you start to look at this went wrong, this went wrong, this went wrong, why I can't catch a break, why I can't see my way, why this didn't work out, and to see God is trying to perfect you the same way in Christ through suffering. my marriage, my bills, my problems, my this. And God is saying, "Come on, keep going." Because you're going through it. God could pull you out if he wants to. But there's no perfection if he pulls you out. You've got to go through it. Walking through your fire. You will not be burnt. You will overcome. Just keep on walking. Keep on believing. Keep on pressing. Keep on coming. Keep on fighting. Keep on worshiping. Keep on praying. Keep on believing. Keep on trusting. is going to work out. All things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose. I hope this makes some sense to you this morning with some of the things that you have gone through in life and you're trying to figure out how does it all connect together. And according to Paul, he has left I'm still reading from the prophet, he has left his church a measure of suffering. I Catch this. So Christ was made perfect through his suffering and he left a measure of suffering. He said this portion of suffering is not for me. I'm leaving this portion for the bride. He has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. Don't we preach about a ministry of perfection, commitment to perfection, the process of perfection, the process of place of trying and character development and here it is the prophet is placing it that is a measure of suffering that is required to see perfection that they without us cannot be made perfect. They are waiting for you to lift your head up through your trial, through your testing, through your problem and say Lord I will trust you. Though he slay me, yet still I trust him. Though all falls around, falls apart around me, I'm going to trust you, Lord, that you're going to see me through. Give the Lord a hand of praise. I'm almost finished. And I'm to a bit of a teaching. I hope it's an encouragement to you that you leave here saying, "I'm in a trial, but that's all right. I'm in a test, but that's all right. The enemy is fighting, but that's all right. The Lord is with me. I'm all right. Like that woman, she had that dead baby. She's looking for the prophet. And she's going, they say, "What's happening? All is well." And she's riding to the prophets. All is well. She wasn't lying because she know where faith coming. She's going to the man of God. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their feet in God while suffering with him would come to a place of affection. Why did he want this? James 1:24, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have a perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire. wanting nothing. So your completeness, your completion is tied to how you handle your suffering. Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 to 18. We read the scripture and children and ears of God and join with Christ if so be that we suffer with him that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. And so it is in the spiritual is so it is in the natural. Anybody who has succeeded in anything will tell you about the failures and the sufferings and the problems that led to their success. The right brothers fail fail fail and then they get the plane to work. There's no story of overcoming anything without ultimate overcome. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. A man without character can't re because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. And since he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and is set in his father's throne, then we have to overcome to sit with him. And the little temporary suffering I'm reading from the prophet that we go through now is not worthy to be compared to the tremendous glory that will be revealed in us when he comes. Can the church say amen? Oh, what treasures are laid up for those who are willing to enter into his kingdom through much tribulation. Think it not strange concern the fiery trial that are to try you. That is what Peter said. Is it strange that God wants us to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? No sir. And we all have trials. We are all tried and chasing as sons. Not one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it. It isn't of God. Can I read that again? The church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it. isn't of God. Hebrews 12:68, for whom the Lord loveth, he chastenth and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. But if ye be without chastisement whereof all are partakers, then ye are bastards and not sons. In other words, and we say it, if you not going through a trial, something wrong here is very direct. You're a bastard. Because if you're a son, there's a process of sunship to assess power. And that accessing of power is through suffering and true tribulation and true trial and true persecution. Could we take some more soon and finish reading this? We're done. Now this special condition in Smyrna must be applied to every age. There's no age free from it. There is no true believer freed from it. This is of God. This is the will of God. It is needful. We need the Lord to teach us the truth that we are to suffer and be Christlike in doing it. Are you Christlike in your sickness? Are you Christlike in your oppression? Are you Christlike when things go wrong? So, it's not just suffering and you're suffering. It's suffering like Christ. It's Christlike suffering. Even when things are wrong, still a Christian. When things are right, you're a Christian. When things are wrong, you're still a Christian. Suffer like Christ. Love suffer long. Matthew 5 11-2. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you. That's you young people. When men revile you and they laugh at you and ask you why you looking like a church girl and why in alignment with us and why you go to parties and why you have free of yourself and blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you fall any young person who backslide this is where they fail at you know because this is the issue peer pressure is this all peer is in the scripture here. But there's a blessing you when men shall revile you, persecute you, say manner of evil against you for my sake. He said, rejoice and be exceedingly glad for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. It's a good thing when they come against you because you belong to God. There's a blessing in there. Be confident in your blessing. Be confident in your reward. Can the church say amen? Just a few more. This is reading these quotes and know these quotes. The cloudy skies preaching this and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. Neither are bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. His approval of any of us is only in the beloved. His love is elective which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us? Yes. How shall we know? We shall know because he said so. That's how you know. So the trial is not the proof or the blessing is not the proof. He loves you because he said so. And we say amen to him saying so. And we take the blessing. We take the suffering. We take the beating because at the end of it, he will only see himself in us. Can we give the Lord a shout of praise? We shall know because he said so and manifested that he did love us for he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit placing us as sons. And how shall I prove my love to him? This is our part. How shall I prove my love to him? Young brother, young sister, elder, deacon, minister, usher, trustee. How shall I prove my love to him? By believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allowed to come to pass. You want to prove you love God? Put a smile on your face in the midst of your trial. How shall I prove my love to him? By believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allowed to come to pass. There's no trial that has come to you that is not the wisdom of the Lord being made manifest. I don't care if the trial is in your job, in your house, in your neighborhood. I don't care what it is. It's his wisdom to prove something. And your part to play is to have joy in the midst of your trial. Your part to play is to put a smile on your face. Your part to play is to rejoice with gladness exceeding gladness. Glory. Glory. I'm finished. Can we give the Lord a shout of praise? You love the Lord this morning, you can get ready to come up. So, church, you're going to walk into the fire. and you shall not be hurt. You're going to walk through your fire of all your testing and your child. And I just want to read one last thing here in the book of Daniel because you're going to walk through the fire and not be burnt. I preached this some time ago. I believe this is with the Hebrew words. This is Daniel 16. Shadra, and Abednego answered and said to the king, "Oh nephew, we are not careful. We are not careful to answer thee in this matter in this matter." In other words, they not holding punches. They say we not holding back. We have a conviction here and we not we saying it big. We saying it how we feel it in. We have no careful way to say this. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand. But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image, which thou hast set up. Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his vis, his face was changed against Shad, Meshach, and Abedneo. Therefore he spake and commanded that they should the furnace one seven times more than it was one to be heated. So with a pop, they already know fiery furnace is the destination. And here it was because they saw our believers. The enemy said, "We're going to it seven times hotter." And he commanded, listen to Nebuchadnezzar, he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army. He get his navy seals, his best men that were in his army to bind Shadak, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace. Then these men were bound in their coats, their hoes, their hats, and their other garments, and were cast in the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Therefore, because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flame of fire slew those men that took up Shad, Michigan, and Abednego. So the enemy trying to carry you into problems and the moment they bre fire, the enemy get burnt up. and Shadrach, Meso, they they run, they keep walking into the fire. The enemy couldn't stand in the fire. But Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego in the fire. And there in the fire. But Brandham said, "Wormwood," which was the angel of the Lord that was with the flood. He said, "Send us, send me down to out this fire." Jesus said, "No, this is not for you. This is a special operations. Them boys make me proud. I'm going to go down myself." And the fourth man in the fire, the fourth man in the fire went down there to meet with them. They were walking through the fire. You could handle your trial. You could handle your testing. May the Lord richly bless you. Oh, through it all I learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh yeah. Through it all. For through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Let's sing a verse. [Music] I' [Music] been right from wrong. Butu [Music] trusted consolation. He only gave me trials to make me strong. Everybody sing. Through it all. Yeah. Through it all. Through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, [Music] through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Let's sing another verse. Now, I thank God for the mountains. Thank God for the valley. Thank him for the storms he brought me through. Cuz if I never had a problem, I never known that God could never know what faith in God can do. Everybody sing through it all. No matter what you've been through, through it all. Said, "I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all. I've learned to depend upon his word. Let's sing it one more time. Hanging through it all. Oh, through it all. [Music] Learn to trust in Jesus. Learn to trust in God. Through it all, through it all depend upon his word. Blessed be his name. You love the Lord today. Amen. You appreciate that message. Walking through the fire, whether the fire, the flood, hard trials, whatever it is, we're going to make it through. Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise one more time. Amen. Amen. Amen. In the same key, let's sing that song. Jesus, we're depending on you. Feel that way today. Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. depending on you to see us through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. Turn around and greet somebody. Testify to them. Tell them, "Oh, we're depending on you, Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on Jesus. [Music] We're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you as the brothers, get ready to come. Let's just bow our heads. Continue playing softly. Oh Lord, we pause at this time, Lord, to pick up this evening's tithes and offering, Lord. Lord, what a message we've heard, Lord. What a time we've had, Lord. Lord, I pray that as this offering be picked up that you bless those that give and provide for those who are not in a position to give today. Lord, may it be used for the appearance of your gospel. Guide its use in Jesus name. Amen. Jesus, we're depending. Oh Jesus, we're dependusing [Music] on you. We're depending on you to see us. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. We're depending on you to see us true. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Just got to sing it one more time. Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. depending on you to see for the last time. Oh, sing Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. Oh, we're depending on you to see us through. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. At this time, we have a prayer request. Heavenly Fatherless in a special way this morning. Father in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Amen. have their seats trying Tell everybody about [Music] [Music] he can save your soul. Said he can save. He can save your soul. I'm just abody. [Music] Let's do a couple of mouths. Play softly. service continues this Wednesday right at the tabernacle at 8:00 p.m. Looking forward to seeing there on Friday at 8:00 p.m. we'll have our Zoom prayer meeting and then on Sunday, next Sunday we have morning service at the tabernacle here. As far as service contin up convention which as we know is July 18 to 20th like to keep the meetings in prayer as well as all your contributions, pledges and so on. Want you to make a note that there would be a meal service available during the convention. So it would be available at a price that would be available soon as well as the menus specific items on the menu. You can look out for that via our internal networks and you'll see it posted on this board as well the person's desires of participating in the meal options that will be available during the convention that will be covering the lunch and dinner. Yes. So there will be options available details like I said will be forthcoming soon and registration for that on participate registration will be open from next week Sunday. So that covers the convention announcements that are directly ahead of us. Amen. Additionally, we also have uh fire practice for the juniors of the Sunday school immediately after the service. As soon is out and close out, we'd like to ask the juniors to come forward as quickly as they can so we can have short practice right here upstairs. Amen. That covers all the announcements. So continues Wednesday, Friday and Sunday. And for those of the service registration will be from next week and you have will the menu posted. So you can select you love him [Music] [Music] said he can He can save [Music] your soul. Let's just bow our heads before the ushers get ready to come. Father, as we close in prayer, oh heavenly father, what a joy and blessing and honor it has been to have gathered together today, Lord, to hear the words that we've heard spoken, Lord. Lord, we pray for Reverend Isaac once more coming back from on the fields, Lord, and delivering this message this morning, walking through the fire, Lord. Lord, we understand the time in which we live and the hour in which we live. And we know nothing happens by chance. And the trials are just to shape us. It's just to mold us, is just to bring us into that that perfection that you want of your sons and daughters. I pray that even as we we would leave here and go to our homes and various places that you'll be with us. That you'll go before us, Lord. You'll order our steps as we go, Lord. That you'll guide us and your angels will protect us and carry us safely and bring us back safely, Lord, and keep us in your presence, Lord. Worshiping and praising you, Lord, Lord, and just blessing your name and basking in your presence and the anointing that we feel, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would raise him up in health and strength and give him a double portion. Lord, that you will restore him, Lord. That you'll restore his strength, Lord. You'll guide him and bless him, bless his wife and family, Lord, and his household. In Jesus name we pray as we leave with with thanksgiving in our hearts and and our worship on our lips. Amen. Amen. And the ushers could get right to come. [Music] I'm just a nobody trying to tell everybody about somebody who can save anybody. I'm just a nobody trying to tellbody [Music] about somebody who can save anybody. He can save. He can save. He can save your soul. He can say he can say [Music] he can save your soul. I'm just a nobody trying to tell everybody about
