################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - Apostolic Power Apostolic Conditions - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   Apostolic Power Apostolic Conditions
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OPvhVJtAvE
========================================

Lord of lords, you are worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of lords. I worship you. King of kings and lord of lords. King of kings. Lord of lords. I worship you. One more time. King of kings. King of kings. Lord, I worship you. Father, we praise you tonight. We bless your name. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for the faith that you place in our souls. We thank you for calling us. As you said, we have not chosen you, but you choose us. You chose us and ordained us to bring forth fruit. Father, may you come tonight and confirm your word as the reading of the word. May confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Tonight we want to read two important scripture. Want to read Acts 43. It says, "And they laid hands on them talking about the put them in the next day. How be it many of them heard the word." This is after many of them which heard the word believed and the number of And it came to pass on the more that their rulers and elders and scribes and as the high priest John Alexander many as were of the kindred of the high priest will gather together at Jerusalem. And when they had set them in the midst they asked the question by what power or by what name have you done this? Then Peter filled with the Holy Ghost said unto them, "Ye rulers of the people and elders of Israel, if we this day be examined of the good deed to the important man, and by what means he's made whole, be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom he crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him, this man stand. This is the stone which was set up north of the buildings which is become the head of the corner. Neither is there any salvation in any other for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved. Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men they marveled and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus. And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it. But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves, saying, "What shall we do to these men?" For that indeed is a notable miracle had been done by them to manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem. And we can deny it. But that it spread no further among the people, let us straightly threaten them that They speak henceforth to no man in this name. And they called them and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus. But Peter and John answered and said unto them, whether it be right in the sight of God to happen unto you, mother of God, more than unto God, judge ye, for we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard. So when they had further threatened them, they let them go, finding nothing. how they might punish them because of the people. For all men glorified God for what? What? But but for that which was done. For the man was above 40 years old on whom this miracle of healing was shown. And being let go, they went to their own company and reported all that the chief priests and the elders had said unto them. And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God in one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which has made heavens and earth, and the sea, and all that is in their them is who by the mouth of thy servant David had said, Why did he rage? And the people imagine vain things. The kings of the earth stood up and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord and against his for truth against thy holy child Jesus whom thou was anointed both Herod and Pontious Pilot with the Gentiles and the people of Israel were gathered together for to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done. Now, Lord, behold your threatenings, and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word, by stretching forth thine hand to heal, and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus. And when they had prayed, the place was shaken, where they were assembled together, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness. And the multitude of them that believe were of one heart and of one soul. Neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own, but had all things common. Verse 33. And with great power give the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus and great grace was upon them all. Go bless his word. You may be seated. Oh, praise God. Give the Lord some praises. Scripture itself is anointed. Oh, praise God. And we want to look at uh Acts chapter 12. I want to read verse one. And about that time, Herod the king stretch forth his hand to vex certain of the church. He killed James the brother of John. This is news. Now he killed James the brother of John with the sword. And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also. Then were the days of the unleven bread. When he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, delivered him to four quantonians of soldiers to keep him, intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people. Peter therefore was kept in prison. There we go. But prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him. Let me read that again. Peter was kept in prison, but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him. And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two shoulders bound with two chains, and the keepers before the door kept the prison. And behold, the angel of the Lord came unto him, and a light shine in the prison, and he smoked Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, arise up quickly. And his chain fell off from his hands. And the angel said unto him, "Gyself, and bind on thy sandals." And so he did. He said unto him, "Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me." And he went out and followed him, and whis not that it was which was done by an angel. But he thought he saw a vision. When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadth into the city, which opened to them on its own accord. And they went forth, went out, and passed on through one street, and forth with the angel departed from him. And when Peter was come to himself, he said, "Now I know of assurityity that the Lord has sent his angel and had delivered me out of the hand of Herod and from all the expectation of the Jews." Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. God bless his word. It's inspiring this morning. Just to just to read that word alone. Praise God. God bless you. Thanks for being out here tonight. Praise God. I'm not sleepy. I'm not weary. I not come to sing you a song tonight. I come to tell you, praise God, there going to be apostolic power and there's going to be apostolic conditions. That's the title tonight. Apostolic power and apostolic condition. Praise God. And I have an inspiration. Praise God. Living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. That's the That's the inspiration. Living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Apostolic conditions conditions that will drive us to our knees to pray and to seek after God. Praise God. So buckle up. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Relaxing time is over. Praise God. Buckle up. Apostolic conditions is coming because apostolic power is coming. Once you see apostolic power around the corner, look out for apostolic conditions. Praise God. Praise God. Brother Brandham, as Daniel heard the seven thunders and forbidden, and John heard the voices and the book was sealed and the back of the book was sealed with seven seals. But in the days of the seals to be opened, the mystery of God would be finished. In other words, God would be known to his church. Not some pastor man, not some apostle man, not some prophet man or teacher man or evangelist man. God will be known to his church. Not in three people but as one person. The mystery of God will be revealed. And when it was completely revealed, that's deeper now completely. Then talking about the thunders now the seven mysteries would open up to the church because end here the church will be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. So this is a prophecy of dynamics of the perfect state. There's a prophecy that with the unfolding of the thunders in the air, the church will be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Him moving in and out and showing not just him moving in and out, but showing his signs of being alive and among us, living among us. And we are then worshiping the living Christ that's among us. You're not worshiping the headstone tabernacle. You are worshiping the living Christ among us. Okay? Give the Lord some praises tonight. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, do you want apostolic power? I do. But if we want that, we going to have apostolic conditions. Hallelujah. You're going to have persecution. You have pressure. So, what are you complaining about? Wake up. Wake up. Shake yourself tonight. Your family problem is is is is petty. your family burden petty to what's coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just had an earthquake that was Sunday night. And it was quite a shaken. I didn't feel it. Somebody did feel it. I didn't feel it. But they felt it. When they feel something like that shakes, you know what? Don't shake so hard. I have $100. Don't shake so hard. My house is not. Don't shake so hard. I am this. I am that. It's irrelevant. It's God shaking. And God about to shake this world. God going to rock this world with his bride because there's going to be apostolic power. I you could you could go to the bank with that. There is going to be a super church. There is going to be a super race. There's going to be anointed man and anointed woman of God. Oh, glory to God. The anointing going to strike the church according to prophecy. Oh, glory to God. Just as they take the pope of America according to prophecy, according to prophecy, there's the anointing going to strike the church. According to prophecy, you shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you. That mean the Holy Ghost don't come come upon you. If it's not upon you now, it's coming. It's coming. It coming. It's coming. Don't go out. Don't backside. Wait for it. It shall surely come. My word shall return void. It shall surely come. The Holy Ghost and fire. Oh, glory to God. You shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost. Not many days hence. That's a prophecy hanging over your head. The devil's a liar tonight. I don't care how old your bones is, how gray your hair is, how much pain in your body. Holy Ghost fire coming. Nothing going to stop it. Going to rock the church world. He going to rock the scribe and the Pharisees in the message. He going to rock Kyas in the message and all them high priest in the message. shaking coming because they're in the message. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. There's going to be a third pull. You know that, right? You know what the third pill is? That is God speaking. That's not a man speaking. That's the third pole is God speaking. Man claiming to be adopted liars. Hallelujah. A man claiming to have thirdp liars. The third pole is God speaking. And he said once more the world will hear direct from God. God will speak. We not talking about brother Brandham speaking. We not talking about books and tape and press and play. We're not talking about that. We're talking about a living reality of the God that that word through that prophet coming back on the scene and by direct inspiration speaking to his people. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we warming up. Apostolic conditions, apostolic blessings. So before we hit that dynamics, there must be a time period of cons consistent praise unto God. Abraham testimony was before he received Isaac. He staggered not at the promise of God. God give the man a promise just like God gave us a promise. Your promise is dynamics. Your promise is the Holy Ghost. Your promise is adoption. He said the dynamics of the church is Acts four when we read will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. They got the refilling after they get licks, after they get the blows, after they get the rebuke, after they get the embarrassment, after they get the shame, after they had their condition, they say, "Lord, look at the threatening." They're threatening to close us down. But they can't close us down until we get this power. Come on, give the Lord a shout tonight. What close us down? Who could close us down? A powerless church with just books and tapes. Nobody want to have endless churches like that. But let the church get into power. They will call together and say by what power is this man made whole. Then the interpretation will be the manifestation. The manifestation will be the interpretation. We have to talk about how much mysteries we have, how much revelations we have, how much re knowledge we have. The manifestation. The Lord some praises. The message will get very simple. Hallelujah. They took note. What was the note they took that they had been with Jesus because they know they wasn't educated. They know they were living something. Whatever they living was thundering because the devil was shook up by what was living. They couldn't deny it. Oh, glory to God. They could question I see it so I see it so and God show me it so. Keep on with your soul. Stay so. But when this word be manifested, it know so and so and so. You know, they have to they can't question it. Everybody know that man was sick. Everybody know that man was crippled. Oh God, it wasn't the devil healed them. Was God healed them? The question was what power was there another entity make that man hold? What power that you come with? What anointing that you come with? What fire you come with? What faith you come with? Is that the faith that was once delivered? Is that the faith that the prophet turns back to the faith of the fathers? Or are we only talking in quotes? Oh, get me started tonight. You know, get me started tonight. You know, we talking about the faith of the fathers have to be living still in spite of fire, dungeon, and sword. In spite of all them hypocrites in the message, all them liars in the message, all them message popes and as bishops, in spite of all of them having all the power they have, there's going to be a super church. There's going to be a bride with real power, apostolic power, resurrection power, virtue power. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. I feel good tonight. I'm going to have my own revival inside of here. I'm going to revive for you and revive for me, too. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Come alive inside of here. And look at this. Five people inside of here. We can have a revival tonight. Oh, glory to God. The dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. May God refill you tonight. May God fill you tonight. May God seal you tonight. May tonight be your night. Hebrews 13:14 says, "For here we have no continuing city, but we seek one to come by him." Therefore, let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually. Not when you get raise up, continually not when your wife cook your best food. Continually, whether she cook or she a cook, whether you a pay or you raise a pay, whether you have a cow, you have to travel, you Offer unto God praise continually because your praise expresses your faith. Your praise show that you say, "Lord, I thank you in advance. I am praising you in advance because know it coming. It coming. It coming. It coming." Oh, the Lord I shout in the house. I have your hand up this way. It coming. It come. Healing coming. Yeah. Going in the raptor with no hand. Yeah. Going rap no foot. Yeah. ain't going to wrap them with no gray hair and no back pain and arthritic pain and cancer and and headache and you're not going to rap with that kind of thing. We shall be changed. Give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. There's going to be an inside change and there going to be an outside change. Oh, God going to change your soul. God going to change your spirit. And the final part, he going to change your body. Oh, give the Lord some praises. But we shall be changed. Hallelujah. by him. Let us offer this sacrifice of praise to God continually. That is the fruit of our lips. Giving thanks to his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hear this bomb here now from Luke 24. And behold, this is Jesus speaking. I send the promise of my father upon you. Some minister could cancel that. Any pastor or minister in this message could cancel this? They have a better quote than this. Be a donor to me according to your word. Yeah. Send Mary to the upper room. I tell them anytime you get send Mary to the upper room after she said beat like that too bad sitting dead in church according to word dead on the way to the tribulation taking a minute dead to the tribulation say this being when it is completed is the servant of God. He say a man lasting 30 years in the pulpit going to the rapture you know he didn't say that you know he said this being that being not on blackboard that being to be in you they cut somebody open and let Dr. Bible decide that the be a Bible that being a spirit has to be in you and has to be completed. Hallelujah. And get charity the B of perfectness to seal the whole building. No leaks. If a man of love, it have to show. If a man of virtue have to show when a woman touch him of his garment and she feel nothing just touch him when he touch something wrong with that Jesus when she touched the hem of his garment not him the garment that means the anointing was flowing through his clothes oh you can't you don't hear me tonight the power the glory was emanating out of the Christ she didn't have to touch the man the flesh Oh, give the Lord some praises. She didn't have to touch the flesh. Jesus touched the hymn of his garment. I tell you what, what could withdraw virtue because he had it. That's why he could give it. He had it. That's why he could release it. He had it. A minister can't give what you don't have. Hallelujah. You can't release what you don't have. That's what Peter said. Silver and gold, I don't have, but what I have, I can give. What does the message have? Give the Lord a shout in the house. We are not promised tonight. Hallelujah. Apostolic power. We are not promised tonight. The power of the Holy Ghost. Not babes but born sons, filled sons, anointed sons, mature sons, trained sons. They're coming back. Coming back. Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. But turn the seed of Jerusalem until they ended power from on high. Power from where? On high. And he led them as fast. Jesus lifted up his hands, blessed them. Came to pass while he blessed them, he parted from them. They seen Jesus going up and they don't go Lord won't you come back Jesus say byebye. See all saints glory hallelujah. He's going up and they worship him and return to Jerusalem with smiley faces. They return with emojis with great joy. Great joy. Imagine a man when he's scratching. So he's scratching. So he washing his car with expensive whiskey went them have great joy out there. Could you imagine when Jesus left they're crying about God bring it back. Oh hallelujah. Come back Jesus. Come back Jesus. Kind of foolish prayer is that great joy. He gone because I coming. Great joy. He say if I don't go the Holy Ghost will not come. Great joy because you know if he go Holy Ghost coming. If he go dynamic is coming. If you see me go, you could get a double portion. Okay. The Lord I shout in the house. Something lacking in this message. Revelation lacking sister because revelation brings stimulation. It brings joy. Revelation is wine. Word is water. The people getting much of water getting belly pain off of water. They're getting stimulation of revelation because stimulation of revelation brings joy. You know when Abraham asked God why what is it you're going to give me? See I go childish. That was a pain in the middle. change his name and all put a new name on him and say hold that and walk with that and Abraham staged not at a promise to be a father of nations 25 years he was pumping we pump him but 50 years we pumping serve and guess what we're not tired because we know this promise is true we know this message is heal. We know apostolic power coming. We know world counselor church is coming. We know closing down coming. But before they touch that, before they go there, oh give the Lord a shout in the house before they go there. We have to have something here. We have to be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Him moving in and out. No devil to take that out this book. No devil to take that out the church. We going to have it. I'm going to preach it till it come come alive. They worship him and return to room with great joy and they went and backside by the beach and cook fish and chips and all kind of thing like that. No, no, no. And they were continually watch that continually in the temple praising and blessing God. Amen. So every service can have less praise. Every service should have more praise with this revelation to each believer, individual believer coming to this church. Then you're coming here to open your mouth. You're coming here to watch over and you got a fight and get a fight. Go somewhere else and get your fight. This is not here to place to get fight. Go somewhere else. Have other church to get fight with. This is here to praise and worship God. Get out your sin. Get out your unbelief. Get out your negativity. This is here to worship God. Oh give the Lord some praise him because he come to make sure you know who God is, who the devil is and to know who you are. Oh, come now. Come on, preach back to me. Now, this message come to reveal who God is, who the devil is, and who you are. God is object of worship. It start with that. If he's your God, you're going to worship him because worship create an atmosphere that angels could drop down. Oh God, the spirit could drop down. Peter was in prison and he couldn't do it by himself. Peter was an apostle. He couldn't deliver himself. But the church of God was praying for him continually. They were in the atmosphere. They were in the apostolic atmosphere. They were praying for Peter. Deliver. Deliver. And in answer to prayer, the angels stepped forward. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That is what you must begin to believe. You are part of that punch. That Holy Ghost punch. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You see the you see the order how the Bible plays that the Bible plays the effectiveness of the church praying continually for brother Peter who was in prison and God did a miracle when they came to the iron gate it opened by itself they didn't need automatic press they didn't need a remote for that. It opened by itself. God could open things that man make. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Man put that gate there. You know, God didn't put that gate. You know, man build that and God open it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. But what God God open, no man could shut. What door God shut? No man can open. But God can open whatever man put around you. God could open the Red Sea. God could open anything. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Whatever obstacle in your way, whatever mountain in your way, I channel your faith tonight to believe that God will make a way for you. Ain't never a punch because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Glory. I hear a shout in the camp tonight. I hear a praise in the camp tonight. When I got this, I said, "Boy, Lord, How are you doing this tonight? Some get stuff and I don't know how this going to work out but we just going with inspiration. So before dynamics praising and blessing God continue that's a testing call the dry biscuit test not your feeling when you're feeling the anointing you're praising God when you're dry. Yeah. Yeah. You know you have a perfect silence through the blood. When look at you but the state is up and down variable you have this way down some you get depressed bad children all kind of things hit your heart hit you your stomach hurt your chest hurt you your back hurt you all kind of hurting you but you're praising God hallelujah hallelujah the hallelujah lift you above the stress and the and the negative and what the devil want to hold you down because the devil is talking in this air of yours tell the negativity creating an atmosphere of negativity around you that you don't have the kind faith. So Abraham stacked not at the promise of God. No one again he just went for the doctor just for kicks because the doctor have no testimony. Doctor have no resentment, nothing about God. He he has no old man. When the doctor see no secretary tell him I'm not there. He want to see Abraham say Abraham I want to check up. Same same that's 20 years. Same same I will charge you this but you're same. The man don't really need to put him. He said good thing you know put the heart back open and Abraham staged not because why God said so and if you know God says so don't stagger don't back down don't let your feeling overcome what God said don't ever give into your feelings give into your faith let your faith step out to preach this tonight I had to have fa to preach this tonight because nobody are ready for no apostolic power in that way. But I have to bring it to you that is coming with a package is apostolic power and apostolic condition. Don't tell me I want this one and you don't want that one. That one could come any time but it just means it's right around the corner. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know what was the condition they select that pope? You have to be multilingual. That mean that man is a superman. He could make eight languages. He could speak eight languages. I trying to find the next one English. I am not multilingual. So if they want to choose, they can't choose me. I don't have all them tongues. But this man have all them a super brain to handle that eight languages. You know the man is not right here. Well said they go get the man. The man will deliver. Hallelujah. He call him Satan's superman. That's that's the word he Satan super. Satan have a superman and God have a super bride. I'm not hearing you. I'm not hearing you. We don't want to just go superman, superman, superman. God having a super bride. You having a super church that will do some supernatural works and that I'm hoping that starting tonight. I'm not looking for next week tonight. Oh, you talk about Sunday, we going to talk about no tonight. Tonight, tonight. Let me say it good that you get it tonight. Now faith is tonight. Faith is not Sunday. Faith is now. You could be healed now. You can be delivered now. You could be sealed now. You could be filled right now. Even on the connection and the hookup, you could be delivered right in your house. The anointing can come right to you. Hallelujah. And free you from your bondage. Free you from your past. Free you from your negativity. He sent me here to preach this to you. Oh, glory to God. He sent me here to bring a word to you. Apostolic power is on the earth. Oh, it was released by the seven seals. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Let me say it to you. It ain't coming. It's already here. It was manifested in a prophet. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. It's already on the earth. And God going to give us access to it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My my my my glory. Now watch the bomb here. Now imagine preach that this song. Our faith is based on forgiveness as we said this morning trying to get the church into a place where we could really see apostic times moving along. You see how brotherly kind of he bring now if they want to go to apostic times they have to faith if they have to faith you have to forgiveness. This message can't get away from nothing. I don't care what them pastors preach what they say. If they cannot come to this forgiveness and it shows against ministers, God will wipe them out. God will judge them for that wickedness because that is what it is. You're not even man enough to talk to next minister and say Mr. So oneonone man to man that put in the congregation of the whole congregation at war. cooking the pastor cooking that I don't want to be in it and I don't want you to be in it. I want your spirit to be pure. I want your spirit to receive. Anybody that come here, you know, I wouldn't bring a rascal here. You have confidence. I wouldn't bring some that would bring us You have to have confidence as opposed to pick up make sure this so to see aposic times we have to get back to faith to get back to faith we have to get back to forgiveness. How deep is that? and as the question several times, why would God take a holy ghost, showing this woman that he is, showing his sins, showing forgiveness, showing he drop his charges and say you condemn her and what must he learn? Then he said, "It's only the grace of God. We are what we are." And I could never comprehend how somebody claim to be the bride. Listen, claim to be justified and condemn. When you say you are bride, you are saying that you are justified. In other words, you are seeing God free you from your sins and see you as if you never did it. How come God free you and you can free a brother? How come you are free by God and you are bringing up people's sins, bringing up people past, bringing up what people have done and bringing up and busting them to control them. You are liar. That no bride. When brother Brandham was discerning those people crying in the altar, he said that cannot be br material because they crying for judgment. Come on, preach that to me now. When he was checking out the spirit, how long Lord, how long Lord, how long avenge us? Avenge us. He said, I'm not right material, right? They calling for that like the Jews under the altar crying for vengeance. So they bright revenge when Jesus dropped your charges. You was guilty just like everybody else. Come on. You was one of the biggest sinners out. Now God bless you and fill you. You playing you the biggest righteous man out. Shame on you. Shame on those men doing that. Big big big shame. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. So we read Acts 4. We read Acts 12. And there's another act we want to read as part of the apostle package. Acts five. So the man and as saf his wife sold possession kept back. Peter said and asked why has Satan he said laid at apostles feet. Now we know for sure this is coming because said this is coming. He said it direct a perfect church where sin can stay in it. And who is the man behind that? Peter. Who is he? He denied Christ three times. Who is that? He lead them into swimming going back to fishing. They didn't go three and a half years. No revelation following Peter. He have a mouth. He's very confident. He's bold. We go. He said, "Children, have you any meat?" They said, "We fish all night and caught nothing." He said, "Cast your net to the right side." Thank God there are some humble brothers in verse that willing to obey a voice. Are they sure who it is talking? But when they cast a net, they say, "Help, help." It's is more fish than we thought. They say, "Wait a minute. Is the Lord is a miracle?" Yes, this is the Lord. Yes. He come after them because their name is in the book because he said God had given them to him. You have given them thine they are mines. Hallelujah. And I shall not lose one of them. They're backsliding now but are coming after them. Come on. Come on. Come on. Glory to God. So hear this. Let me tease you tonight. I'm inspired tonight. What is adoption about? Adoption. Adoption here. Adoption is the lost not. Adoption is a bring back sons. It's not a boasting ministry. It's a going after ministry. Hallelujah. That what Jesus did with the one of the well. He went after that seed and he brought her back into order. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Sons Adam, Adam, where art thou? A bride going for the final name. Oh, glory to God. You know who that one is. Glory to somebody out there waiting for that final call. Then the book is closed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Then big things begin to take place. Peter under the anointing believer he and his wife have to lie to the Holy Ghost and to keep the price of the we don't put away and smokers He was telling work on yourself. Look in the mirror and see your attitude and behavior instead of trying to justify yourself to your children and justify yourself to your wife or your husband or to your family why you are how you are. Why don't you look in the mirror of the word and try to match up with that? This is cutting tonight. I don't know how I'm saying all but just coming out of my mouth right now. flying on my mouth. Hallelujah. Instead of doing that to justify your behavior. Well, the father, the grandfather, the stepfather, I'm this and nobody know like me. I have a complex deliver. Let me tell you something. I'll tell somebody they have 12 zodiac signs. Sagittarius and Pisces. That's one tr that next people, black people, white people. We can't address all the we psychologist. There's only one Bible here and this Bible here have the word for every race, every color, every condition, every psychology, every issue that you have in your life. This Bible have the answer. I don't have the answer. The Bible have the answer. It's one God we have addressing every issue under son. I'm not trying to be no psychologist or psychiatrist. Hey, how long you so? And your grandfather was so and your grandfather was so grandfather grandmother. Sorry. I have a word here for you. You want deliverance? Come and get free. Free from your past. Free. Free. Free from your fears. Free. Your grandfather tell you this and your grandmother tell you that and some old wise fable and somebody say you'll never get a breakthrough and your blight and your this and you believe all them foolishness. I hear somebody say something wicked. We know that and Satan have believe all kind of thing you know somebody do something to me that's why I ain't getting true. That's a lie. Look at yourself. Most of the times you hindering yourself. Most of the time you misbehaving you know you're not promoting the job. working. I see this one promotion. I see a promotion. I didn't get any promotion. Yeah. Doing the work. I don't know how to light the Holy Ghost and to keep the lamb while remain wasn't th is your own brother. After it was sold, it was still thou conceived this thing in thy heart. There was not men but unto God. And as fell down remove them completely out of it. Young arose, w them up, carried them up, buried them space of half an hour, half space of three hours after not knowing what said tell me how is it that he have agreed together to tempt the spirit of the Lord. Now just think God is sovereign and the sovereignity of God allows him to do whatever he wants. That means he could bless anybody, anoint the right attitude, we could question who is using you could say that Peter is not worthy to be in that position because I have a recording of it. Now your recording of Peter deny Christ doesn't justify your attitude towards Peter because that same Peter that denied Christ is now filled with the Holy Ghost. You was not there. You was not you was not You don't know when. You don't know how. But Peter is an apostle of God. That's what you're supposed to know. And if he's an apostle, it means the pillar of fire is veiled in him. Not because he says so. Because God confirmed it to be so. When Pet said and go, I don't have I have this thing. I can give this thing. I could release this thing. And it was manifested. the church supposed to know. After that man was raised up, that crippled man. 5,000 people, homeless people received the message. So the whole of Jerusalem was shook up because this unlearned man was demonstrating Jesus all over again and they couldn't handle it. They want to know what kind of power you get there. Was that a mystery power? Was that a vile plague locust power? What kind of power you have there? Where you get that from? He say in the name of Jesus. It's very simple. The most they could do is say, "Listen, stop preaching them. Don't preach that Jesus name. Don't preach that power thing. Don't go there. Don't go there." When was the government coming down? This is not fearful. If you're frightened, go back. These were Gideon 300. This was soldiers for this warriors of the faith that God promised to raise up. And you're looking at one of them. Oh, give the Lord some praises tonight. I am one of them. Let me give a testimony. I am one of them. One of them, not warriors, but warriors of the faith. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why I could preach the way I'm preaching tonight because I'm convinced there's going to be apostolic power. Nobody can talk about spoken word press play and just hold a book and say I believe this mystery and that mystery and the seven mysteries and I believe virtues and I believe I believe in the s okay you don't believe virtues fine I no problem what what you believe but where is the power to vindicate and to confirm what you believe and if you have power keep quiet keep it low keep it low keep it low going to try every man work hallelujah this work will be tried Yet this work will be tried by fire. God going to try every man work. So every man will have a testimony of what where the prophecy lays. What is the testimony of the prophecy? God going to confirm that. If we are faithful to the word, if we are stood with the word, God will come and vindicate that. If we are unfaithful and we are untrue to the word, God will show that. He will expose that. He will expose what is wrong and confirm what is right. Oh my. And the wife fell down. Listen. Vers 11. And great fear came on all the church and upon many. All right. Remember we said right when speaks the miraculous takes place to have great revelations taking five hours but you see the spirit that convict 300 people manains And they still explain to omnipotent speaks. Who is that? God, miraculous take place. Hallelujah. Omnipotent speak. And he promised in this last day that he will speak again. When omnipotent speak, the miraculous happens. Brother, he says in John 17, he said, "Father, the hour has come. All things are finished now. All things are getting ready. The crossroad is come. The world is warned. How will we know any of these apostles? When they've done signs and wonders, we have passed through the land. We have combed back and forth. The time has come. Brother, as a gospel preacher this morning, I believe that the Holy Ghost speaking through motor lips today. Anointing ministers are speaking. The time has come and the time is here. Omnipotence has answered and the miraculous is taking place. It has to do with the junction. So I have a bomb to jump for you tonight. At the junction miracle miraculous happens. So if we are approaching a junction, we are approaching a time of apostolic power and miraculous power and omnipotent speaking and the miraculous taking place. Get ready. Get ready. Get ready. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That man, that that centurion man, he saw the miraculous when while omnipresent God was manifested. He says, "Speak the word Lord and my servant shall be healed." And he knew that Roman centurion know he was a man of the authority. And then he said, "Speak." And we know that. Talk about Jesus of the grace of Lazarus crying like a man in the flesh. The matter said, Lord, if I had been here, my brother not died. He walked up to the grave omnipotence manifesting here among us, living with us, God in Christ, reconciling the world to himself. Here he lived with us. God proven himself through his son Christ Jesus. He was omnipotent and miraculous. And if he's the same yesterday and ever, he shall never leave you. How can we look for anything else but when he speaks for miracles to happen? So how am I claiming to be God man and adoption man? adoption that corona virus they lost the adoption they lost the power they lost all that glory and all that speaking and all that drama that and yet the prophet said we are striving to enter into the kingdom of God before these plague strike and sons of God going to push back diseases and push back cancer and push back. We are waiting for we are waiting for it again. sick. The more they make the faster shif. But when he speaks for the miraculous to happen, oh my speak omnipotence, miraculous will take place and you always do it at the junction. Here we go. This is deep. We are at the junction. Omnipotent speak. And a dead man dead live again stood on his feet. Went to a banket and he suffer with him. What happened? Some glorious day. We who were once dead in sin and trespasses. Omnipotent spoke. We were going to hell. And omnipotent spoke. We have raised from hell to glory. And someday we eat the banquet supper at the last days. The word is omnipotent because the word is God. Oh, glory to God. We are like Noah building away at the ark. The miraculous will take place someday when the and the rapture will come and Jesus will come. We at the junction. And when you see these things happen, raise up your hands. Your redemption joth. Praise God. Look at Paul in the ocean, little old ship that was water logged 14 days. He went in the bulkhead in the gallery to pray and I see a little Jew come shaking his hand and said, "Brethren, be of good courage for the angel of God whose servant I am stood by me last night saying fear not Paul. Thou must be brought before Caesar. And though God give all this that sail with you to you, how be it I seen in the vision that the ship must be wrecked upon a little shore near a creek or something like that. Wherefore, brethren, be of good courage for I believe God is just a shown to me. He said, "Is that the faith that was once delivered to the saints and that shipwreck a snake bite him and he's supposed to die and anybody looking to die looking to get you out of the way and they that snake off. Wait, shake it off. Shake off debt. Shake off worry. Shake off past. Shake off fear. Shake it off. I don't care. A reckless kind of faith. You just shake it off. Oh, glory to God. If I went on my field tonight, I can never come and preach this. But I shake all them females off. I come tonight to give aposic power knowing apostolic condition when I come. Knowing to wake up the church. Praise God. Stop looking at your trials as such a big trial small compared to what's coming. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You want a bigger bomb than that one? This one explode big. You know, omnipotence can't speak without being miraculous. You know, revealing the mystery is God speaking. speaking tonight because we talking about trumpets and vows and woman and all my home speaking like I say when the Christ from heaven that was a miracle coming there that was inspiration coming there heard from heaven and that's why the devil fight He fight the spirit. He want people to be educated in the message full of information and not revelation. When omnipotent spoke, miracles take place. This is the junction of all junctions. This is the end time. The end of the whole history of the world is right now at hand. So, are you ready? Almost done. You can expect omnipotence to speak. You can expect the greatest and mightiest miracles that ever happen on the earth will happen in the next few years to come. So, brother George, anybody who want to play down miracles, play down power. That's why you hear me pray confirm the word with signs and miracles. I'm not just saying that for exercising. I'm saying that because exercise my faith in expecting God to confirm the word with signs, wonders, and miracles. It's three different things. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But the Bible said Jesus appearing among us is a sign of his coming. That's how we know he's coming because he is here. Oh, give the Lord a shout. He said Daniel worshiping the living Christ among us. You are living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. It have no man in that picture. It have no human in that picture. It have no flesh in that picture. It have no pastor parading his beef in that picture. You are living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory to God man get out of the way and the Holy Spirit stepping forward. What Holy Spirit? The same one Peter said this is the stone that you build refused. Oh glory to God. Because the cornerstone was the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the capstone is the same Holy Ghost charity. Hallelujah. The prize absolute. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house tonight. They reject it. I say it big and bold. They reject it in the message of an intellectual bunch preaching thing washing your mind with information. Let me say it again. So you can expect omnipotence to speak. You can expect. So he said I am supposed to expect that. We in this church supposed to expect that. And you can expect the greatest and mightiest miracles that ever happen on the earth will happen in next few years to come. If Jesus tar it will be but that's not all. He continues then watch for Satan to rise too because when all heaven turns loose all hell turns loose. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. And when the when the prophet saw the woman with a mascara and so on and makeup, he said, "But that's the vision on hell." He said, "Hell on the earth and the combat hell on the earth." Seven angels come from eternity to gather all the scattered word because God could only work through his word and his word was scatter. So spirit couldn't have no room to move. So when God line up the word, seven words, seven mysteries, seven voices, seven seals, seven thunders, line up that word, spirit flow through that word, which devil going to stop it. We shall have a revival. Seven thunders will be the private revival. There will be a super church. Oh, give the Lord a shout in there. You'll be worshiping the living Christ in there. You'll be living under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Music. Come on, please. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. He said the church, the message church is no longer the mouthpiece of God. It is own mouthpiece. Watch minister preaching their own revelation. They are believe around. They are liars. They are unbelievers. They preaching their own message and putting a a message stamp behind it. People hang up a picture and a light behind the message of fire lights. Hallelujah. That's why you have that the reason why you move us to praise God. He said I came to point people to that statue of perfect man and that's why I come to point people to that not to him not to brother. I come to point people to the statue of perfect man. That's why he said that man could become a powerhouse. That's how God want to be a powerhouse because God want God God want us to return back to Eden. We can't return back eating back. That's a terrible to be in the l sit down and say you have no life. I'm not listening to you. You were supposed to be my master want to go back to you get bite. You understand I'm saying the evening you want is lion sit down and say okay son mountain just move to the left and the mountain get up and shift. So he said now watch the church is no longer the mouthpiece of God it is his own mouthpiece. So God is turning on her he will confront her through the prophet and the bride for the voice of God will be on books and tapes. No, not only there. The voice of God will be in her. So through these seven ages, seven voices. So this voice of God is the seven voices becoming one voice. Oh, I'm having myself a time tonight. These seven voices come one voice. And this voice will be in the bride. Not in books, not in tapes, but in the bride. So when people reading the books, the bride reading them. You understand that? what they're reading the bride will be living the voice of God going to be in her and he give us scripture for it he said for in the last chapter of revelation verse 17 says the spirit and the bright come that is where he said once more the world will hear direct from God as at Pentecost hallelujah hallelujah no question brother George Hallelujah let's He said no what they crying you have the word you have more Bible than ever you're not doing anything but but but divide and hacking it uh leaving out what you want don't want you are not interested in living it but debating it that's where the mysteries come out about some say three and a half years the tribulation somebody come seven years to the tribulation and there's argument and get it right both the same place Whether it's three years, three and a half years or seven years, both of them going to be there together with three and a half years and they will be in the tribulation. I thought three and a half years they arguing three and a half years, seven years. So we can't get fellowship because you believe three and a half years said taking what you want, leaving out what you don't want. You are not interested in living it to live it. You have to do the virtues because that pyramid is the Bible also. If this book is seven seals, that virtue stature is seven seals. Whatever this book is, that book is this. We could preach from that you have to live from. It's 14 seals. Some inside written and some on the back. But it's not 14 seals because you can't see the seals on the back. The ones inside is written, not the ones on the back. So we say the ones on the back is spirit. The ones inside is word. The one outside is dynamics. The ones inside is mechanics. Oh, the Lord just shouted the house. Same word, same God. Is this the mystery of the thunders that will bring back the headstone that will bring back the power into the church? Sers, is this the time? They're not interested in living it, but they beat it. Hallelujah. Are going to close. Listen to the authenticated prophet of God who appears in this last age. What he sees from God, he sees from God. The bride will say the spirit and the prophet and the bride will be saying the same thing and what they say will have already been said in the word. My God. But another question said we need apostolic teaching apostolic power. That apostolic power is not allgether noise. It's the Holy Spirit and the love of God that makes us want in Christ Jesus. People want to colonize, make cults, formations. That's what they have done in the church. They get in there and hide their own sins. I belong to so and so. I belong to this church. It's the biggest church. I look how big it is. There's one thing that hides. That's the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh my. Hallelujah. Now watch. There is the real true church speaks in his power. where the apostic power returns to the church when the government shall be upon the shoulder. But the government shall be upon the shoulder. Isn't that right? Watch. So God have to speak. He that hearth you heareth me. He that despiseth you despiseth me. Watch that proves that God speaks his message through his servants. Then I want to bring you the power of the believing church. Christ has all power. Isn't that right? Now watch. Remember God's law of reproduction after its kind. The seed of Christ must come through his body. Not through denomination, but through a bornagain seed of the word. What is it? Christ seed. How does my seed come? Through the body. How does a seed seed come? Through the body. Seed is through the body. And the church is the body of Christ. Isn't that right? And this bird produces himself in the body. His church. Now Philip was up to Pentecost Jerusalem to worship. The uno has been all with the dees and elders and so on. Although an angel direct Philip to him but the germ of life had to come from the body. He said now we are on the line. Where did that germ come from? From the angel? No. The angel show him where to go. An angel is a messenger. Here is a son. This is what we're going back to. This is the faith of the fathers. This is what the apostles had. Here is a son. Philip had the germ. What is that germ? All them virtues inside of him. Not faith. People think when Paul did not faith in Paul had Christ in him. In other words, the full dream is from faith to charity. The full life quickened alive in the man. He said the pillar of fire will dwell in the adopted sons in the last days. Full germ. He said no Philip had the germ the message the word that's how a child can be born Philip laid his hands upon him Philip baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and there come forth the spirit of God the German to come from the body then he switched to Cornelius the same thing took place in acts 10 Peter was on the housetop angel directing to Cornelius's house but where did the word come from the body he said I feel pretty good and while Pet these words not the angel Not the cardinal. Why did Peter speak these words? He was the body. He had the word. The word took a hold and the spirit bring the life. So if that is so and we coming back to the days of the then God will fill two sons with his life with the full journey. Those sons will belong to this fivefold ministry because a fivefold ministry doesn't address the local church. It addresses the body of Christ. You hear from the apostle. You hear from the prophet. You hear from the pastor. You hear from the teacher. You hear from the evangelist because they minister to the body of Christ which is the international body. You going to play something? This is perfect. This is the last scripture I read. I close with a scripture. For John truly baptized you with water, but he shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost notes. When they were come together, they saying, "Lord, will thou at this time restore again the kingdom of Israel?" unto them for you to know the time of the seasons the father put in his power but he shall receive after the holy ghost shall be witness unto me both in Jerusalem Judea you shall receive shall receive unfolding of revelations never power that's what the message needs When he spoke about the bride revival, he said there have been no manifestation of God to steal the brother, they have a lot of talk, a lot of unfolding, teaching, revealing and showing and all that for years, 50 plus years. But he's not talking about he specified it. There have been no manifestation God to stir it back. He will send it. He promised it. These are my words or his words. He said his words. He will send it. He promised it. If the church would forget their pleas and dog, forget their foolishness and plead the promises and say, "God, you said it. Send it Lord. Send it Lord." He would send it. Let's all stand and worship the Lord. Father God, I thank you for your tonight. I pray you bless your people, those that are here, those that would are connected, those that would hear the message, and may you edify them and build them up and strengthen them to know what is yet to come. Granted, God in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming. Love you. We need your Holy Spirit rain. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit pray now. Holy Spirit pray now. for now. We need your touch again. Holy Spirit, pray now. Let your power fall. Let your voice change as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit. Let's just worship the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we thank you and praise you, Lord. We bless your holy name, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. Holy Spirit. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Love the Lord tonight. We appreciate the message tonight. My my what a blessing to be here to be gathered together. Amen. Let's sing that song. It's behind that tremble. It's the life behind that makes the proud hearts humble. It is God who plans tremble. It's the life behind the name that make the proud hearts humble. It is God who devismons tremble. It's the life behind the name. It is God who a plan so that only as a man can live so he can give us life. Let us bow our heads as we pray for this evening's Tyson offering. Oh heavenly father, we pause once more Lord just to pray for the ti and offering that's about to be picked up. Lord you bless those that give and provide for those who are not in a position to give at this time may be used for the gospel in Jesus name. Amen. Oh, it's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart so that only as a man can live. It's the life behind the name that makes the broad humble. It is God who devises a plan so that only so we can live so he can give us life. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing one more song worthy of it all worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. From you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Just bow our heads for a prayer one more time as music plays. Oh heavenly father, we thank you for the message that went for tonight, Lord. Lord, surely we coming back to apostolic times, Lord. Lord, we thank you for the the the word and the ministry and the pastor coming and laboring to bring this message, Lord, in season, Lord. Such a timely sermon, Lord. Lord, I pray that we don't just see it as words or just another message, but we could have practical application, Lord. That we could have it applied to our lives in our daily walk, Lord. Lord, so we could be drawn closer to you, Lord. Lord, I pray that you'd be with your people even as we close this service, Lord. I pray that you would go with us, go before us and behind us. I pray that you would restore his strength and raise him up, Lord. Lord, bless him, bless his wife and family, Lord. Lord, pray that you take each and every one of us home safely and wherever we we are going, Lord, I pray that you would guide us there, Lord. Lord, that you'd order our steps, Lord, and bring us back into your house to worship and praise and exalt your holy name, Lord. Lord, as we wind down, Lord, I pray that you'd go with us, Lord, and you'll bless all those that are here in person. Bless all those that are connected on the internet right now. Bless all those that will connect afterwards, Lord. Lord, we want to give you all the thanks and praise and worship honor and glory in Jesus name. Amen. You're worthy of it all. You may have your seats. Oh, you're worthy of it all. From you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Just for announcements, on this Friday, we will have our Zoom prayer meeting at 8 p.m. And Sunday, we will sanctuary for 10 a.m. for Sunday morning service. So, we will have our Zoom prayer meeting at 8 p.m. on Friday. Amen. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. From you are all to deserve the glory. Y of it all. From you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory.
