################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - I Will Pour Out My Spirit - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   I Will Pour Out My Spirit - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zc619Sm1Lk
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] for the grace that you have given us. [Music] Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to see the heart that I thank you. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, oh Jesus. Hallelujah. for the grace that you have given up. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I that I thank you. God is so good. Our God [Music] is so good. Hallelujah. Oh, God is so good. Thank you, Lord. God is so good. He's so good to me. Oh, let's worship him this evening. Oh, Father, we praise you. We bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Lord. We adore you, Lord. We magnify your name. We thank you for your goodness. We praise you for your grace, your loving kindness, for the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Psalms 23. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadth me beside the still waters. He restored my soul. He leadth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yay do I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. I will fear no evil for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou prepareest a table before me. In the presence of mine enemies, thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Let us bow our heads for a prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your love, your presence, and this opportunity to serve you, to worship you, to come into your presence, Lord, knowing where the twos and trees are gathered together, there you are in our midst. And Father, we pray you come down in our midst and heal the sick among us. Touch the downtrodden, Father. Heal the broken heart. Lord, you know all those that have need among us, Lord. Those that will be hearing us, connected to us, those that would be listening to the message afterwards. Father, may the presence of life go out to each one and transform them, Father. Grant it, Lord, in this evil day, Father, that your spirit once more will move upon the face of the waters. Move upon the people, Father, and say, "Let there be light." in their dark path, let there be light. When things going negative and all things black around them, let there be light. Speak a word, we pray in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen and amen. Let's sing. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty, what a mighty, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty. Hallelujah. Mighty, what a mighty God we serve. Well, let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Oh, let us sing. Let us sing. Let us sing and praise the Lord. What a mighty Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing. Let us sing. Let us sing. Let us sing. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. What a mighty. Oh, what a mighty. Hallelujah. What a mighty. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing. Let us sing and praise the Lord. Let us sing. Let us sing. Let us sing. Praise the Lord. Oh, give him some praises tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, praising him, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. My my my. Oh, it feel good to be here tonight. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Well, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. Oh, my heavenly home is right and fair. And I feel like traveling on. Oh, when I feel when I feel like traveling on. Hallelujah. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Oh my heavenly home is bright. Oh like traveling home. Oh yes. Our Lord is coming back to earth again. Hallelujah. Our Lord is coming back to earth again. Satan will be born a thousand years. Satan will be bound. Thousand years we'll have no temper then after Jesus shall come back to earth again. Yes. Our Lord. Oh our Lord is coming back to earth again. Hallelujah. Oh our Lord is coming back to earth again. All glory. Oh, Satan will be mine. A thousand years will have no tempered them after Jesus [Music] to earth. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, and I fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. My God, I won't die. I won't die. I'll be raptured in the sky. Oh, Hallelujah. Fly away. In the sweet by and by. And in the sweet glory by and by. We shall meet. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Hallelujah. In that sweet by and by and by we shall meet on that beauty. One more time. In that sweet in that sweet by by and by forever we shall meet on the beautiful shore. Oh yes in the tree. Hallelujah by and by. Oh glory we shall meet you. And I believe Jesus saves. Oh, I believe now. I believe Jesus saves. And his blood washes white. And his blood washes whiter than snow. I believe. I believe. I believe. Jesus said, "Oh, and his blood washes whiter than snow." Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, preious is the flow [Music] that makes me white as snow. No, I have found my door. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow. Oh, [Music] it's the flow. makes me waste no [Music] found. I know I know nothing but the blood of Jes. I want you to worship him while the music plays. [Music] Hallelujah. Precious is the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, worship him. Worship him. Open them all and give him praises. Know what I found. Know what I found. And I find all my love with the blood of Jesus. There is power. How wonder working in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, power. Wonder working power in the pres. Oh, the blood. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood. Oh my god. I of Jesus. Oh, the blood. Oh, the blood of Jesus. It shall never lose it. We're here because of the blood. We thank God for the blood. The blood that was shed at Calvary. The blood that speak on our behalf tonight. In our weakness, it speaks strength. In our ignorance, it speaks knowledge. In our unbelief, it speaks faith. It really speaks on our behalf. We are have access to his presence because of the blood. And we thank God tonight. Let's bow our heads as we want to pray. Father, we pray for brother Cphus having pings in his leg for some time. Lord, may while the word is going forth, may they be healed, may he be touched even right now in the name of Jesus, we ask is any person sick here, even not connected to the internet, Father, may the virtue of Christ go out and meet the needs of your people. And as we approach your word, may your presence come down in a special way. Speak to our hearts tonight. May this be the junction service that we have been longing for. Granted, Father, in the name of Jesus, we ask it. Amen and amen. Let God bless you. We want to go straight to the word tonight. We want to read from Joel chapter 2. We want to read verse 23-22. And also, we want to look at Luke chapter 4 17- 19. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Reading from verse 23 of Joel chapter 2. Be glad then ye children of Zion and rejoice in the Lord your God for he had given you the former rain moderately and he will cause to come down for you the rain the former rain the latter rain in the first month and the floor shall be full of wheat the fat shall overflow with wine and oil and I'll restore to you the years the locust had eaten the conquer worm the caterpillar the palmer worm army which I sent among you shall eat in plenty and be satisfied ified and praise the name of the Lord your God that had dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. You shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, that I am the Lord your God and none else. My people shall never be ashamed. And it shall come to pass afterwards that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams. Young men shall see visions also upon the servants and upon the handmmaids. In those days will I pour out my spirit. And I will show wonders in the heavens, in the earth, blood and fire, pillars of smoke. The sun shall be turned into darkness, the moon into blood before the great and terrible day of the Lord. Uh it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered. For in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance as the Lord had said, and the remnant whom the Lord shall call. Reading from Luke chapter 4, read in verse 17. And there was delivered unto him, talking about Jesus, the book of the prophet Isas. But when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he had anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He has sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. May God bless his word. You may be seated. Amen. Oh, praise God. You appreciate the service on Sunday. Oh, praise God. What a a tremendous message. That last great kill with Anthony. And that particular quote means a lot to me. I feel I have a commission right inside of there under that last great kill. Surely there's a crop somewhere. And I'll be bringing back that quote tonight. Surely there's going to be a crop somewhere. So tonight I have a title and it's from the scripture from Joel. The title is I will pour out my spirit. This is God speaking. And I have an inspiration. Come back to your original inheritance to a real Holy Ghost again. Hallelujah. And this is actually a direct quote from the prophet. Uh so the title is I will port my spirit inspiration come back to the original inheritance to a real holy ghost again. Amen. Now this here is direct prophecy. I will pour out my spirit. Yes sir. Because we read that former rain latter rain you will eat and be satisfied. You'll be eaten plenty. And I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Amen. The spirit is the rain. Amen. What God is saying, it going to have seeds and the rain is going to fall. Amen. And every seed going to bring forth. Hallelujah. After its kind. Oh, glory to. So, William Brown and Kanan put seeds. Yes, sir. And that those seeds those let's say it this way out of a group of the true seed of the word, God will present Christ a beloved bride. Amen. So they are seed and they are true seed. Yes sir. So the true seed that was released by that prophet out of his mouth original seed spoken word. Yes sir. What the tape say? That original seed going to bring forth after his time. The spirit is guaranteed to pour out. You're not wondering. We're not hoping. This is thus sayeth the Lord. The spirit is guaranteed is whether you ready for it is if you prepare for it. If you have the seed for it, but I can guarantee you I will part my spirit. Hallelujah. Sayeth the Lord. Nothing will stop it. Hallelujah. Not even unbelief will stop it. This is what God said. Nothing going to hinder it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This I will pour my spirit is directly connected to I will restore all the years that the cankerwoman, the caterpillar and the locust because the word had to be restored before the spirit could be restored. The restoration of the word made provision for the restoration of the spirit. Oh, glory to God. The Satan himself didn't want the word to be connected together. And God spaced his word out through seven ages, knowing in the last age, he was sent in a prophet that going to restore all things. And once all things is restored, we could go back to the original. Yes, sir. Which is the original Pentecostal, which is back to the original church, which is back to the alpha bride. Once we go back to the alpha bride, we are ready to face the rapture, the millennium, the wedding supper. But we have to one pick up what they had. So he sent a prophet to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers. It will take the faith back there which is the original faith. Oh glory to God. The resurrection faith and that faith have to be on the earth. And Jesus said when the Solomon cometh, oh give the Lord a shout tonight. Shall he find faith on the earth? Would you be able to answer that question? Shall he find faith on the earth? Would that faith be in you? I say it's going to be in you because God sent a prophet to bring your heart and to turn your heart back to the faith of the fathers. Oh, glory to God. We in for exciting times. And every time I come to church, you never know when the spirit will come to the temple, when Jesus will come to the house. You never know when this day is your day. Oh, glory to God. He found the place where it was written. Oh, glory to God. He was reading about himself. He placed himself in the scripture. Oh, give the Lord a shout tonight. Oh, glory to God. And when Jesus came the first time, he came to declare the accepted day of the Lord. And that he has a year of jubilee, a year of deliverance, a year of release. And if Jesus come again, he must declare jubilee again. To free his people from sin, from bondage, from sickness. Oh, I'll ride this trail once more. There'll be one more ride. Oh, glory to God. Jesus himself going to ride the trail. Do you believe that? Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. So, tonight and going in forward in preaching, we'll be doing some reflection on the Isuza revival that came in the Isuza street 1906. We'll be looking back again on some of that what happened back there because something supernatural happened back there and God brought the atmosphere before he sent the prophet. He made the atmosphere dropped down 1906 because prophet was coming and a prophet have to bring the word in the atmosphere and the Pentecostal revival that break out 1906. It was God sent it was God ordained. It was God inspired and up to now it influenced the entire world. Oh glory to God. And God took one man and used that man in such a mighty way. Oh glory to God. God used looking for men that he could use in a mighty way. Oh glory to God. So when God called him out, he provided him a lamb. He provided them mana from heaven. He provided them rock to drink from. They were thirsty. He provided a brass serpent to heal them when they were sick. And with all of that and I never even discovered and now discovered something. They wanted a theological experience. I never realized theology could give you an experience. Oh hallelujah. So you have a theological experience and you have a Holy Ghost experience. A theological experience is an intellectual experience. Oh God. Where your mind get stimulated. Oh glory to God. The Holy Ghost experience is your heart gets stimulated. Oh, glory to God. So watch, they wanted a theological experience so they could have something to fuss and organize and break themselves up. So this is what the theology does. I better than you. I am a revelation than you. I seen it this way. You seen it that way. And we argue we fuss like theology. That's the same thing that happened to our Pentecostal fathers over 40 years ago. God call a man in California a negro man one cross eye give him the experience of the baptism of the Holy Ghost and from there for Isuza Street the old Auza street mission till it scattered till it struck the whole nation from nation to nation after nation until Pentecostal revival was burning everywhere what a blessed God was providing by grace many of them couldn't write their own names some of them come to church in rags They walked on the railroad track and pick up handful of corn, beat them out in the track. Little mothers to feed their children so they husband could preach the gospel. They wandered about. They were made fun of. They were mocked, called holy rollers, spelt all night in jail day after day. Some of them they wanted to put them in insane institution. They said they were crazy. God had provided for them one of the greatest revival that this nation has ever known. I don't care when it was. There has never been a revival like the Pentecost of revival. Wesley never had it. Spurgeon, Calvin, Nox, Greg Reformers, they never had a revival like the Pentecostal revival. It's the greatest thing that struck the earth since the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost. Oh, glory to God. Give the Lord some praise. [Music] And that man see more half blind before that revival breakout. He was praying for 5 hours every day for two and a half years. He had such a burden for prayer. Such a hungering for God. So burden he was. They were steeped in prayer. And that's how I want the church. There was breathing prayer. The atmosphere around them was praying, was calling, was travailing. Hallelujah. We a few here tonight. But I don't see you here tonight few night. I see what God is about to do. I know God have to take a bunch. A Holy Ghost bunch. Some bunch, some time, some day, some night, some prayer and maybe tonight, but somebody going to catch it and get a burden that they can break out of the humanistic realm. You have to let go the shore to sail to the other side. If you're going to make it, you got to see the other side behind you getting smaller and smaller. Oh, glory. Let's sail out, brethren. Let's draw our faith tonight. Amen. Oh, praise God. Let's press the reset button. And cancel everything you think you know. Because what you don't know, you don't know. What you don't know. Cancel everything that you know. Oh, glory to God. Because where are we going? We have not been there before. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The prophet said, "You don't know about power, but power is coming." He said, "You haven't seen power yet. So, let's talk. Let's talk tonight." Oh, hallelujah. You haven't seen power yet. When the anointing struck the asusa street revival, they could feel it blocks away. People were falling down in the street because of the power of God. The most hoy toy and bigger people were coming were preachers with the ties and they straighten up. And when they come so to inspect and to look what's going on, the power of God will strike them down and they leave their broken men, men on the floor. It wasn't something to look at. It wasn't something to look at. It was something to receive. And that revival is coming back. That Holy Ghost is coming back. That's a promise. It's in the word. I will pour out my spirit. Get ready. Get ready. Get ready. Oh, glory to God. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord a praise. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Jesus, give the parable. 11 hour gentile workers receive the same day. Amen. Same penny, same power, same anointing, same signs, same wonders, same miracles. We have to get the same pay. Not just sit on a church bench. Same pay, same power. These men were restored sons. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Imagine. Hallelujah. Imagine a man that denied Jesus. Peter. Peter who denied Christ. Peter who fail. Peter was able to say silver and gold I have I none but such as I have I give it unto you rise up and walk them brothers wasn't stumbled because they fail and they fall and this happened and that happened that has nothing to do with who they are what God made them all they stumbling and fumbling that is part of the process they were still sons and that's why God Jesus told Peter after you were converted strengthen your brethren you have to be converted from what from What? From what? From Triny. You have to be converted from you. To become like him. Hallelujah. Something have to happen on the inside. It's a conversion. By his spirit. He said, "Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, say the Lord." Amen. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. My word shall return unto me void, but it shall accomplish a purpose I sent it for to accomplish. He sent his word not for us to warm church bench. He sent his word for us to be filled with the spirit. He sent teachers to teach us the word to put seeds in us. Why? That the spirit will come upon them seeds. Not to teach us that we get educated, not to teach us that we get PhD, but to teach us that we can be placed positionally to receive the spirit because you have to be in position to receive the spirit. You have to be on brotherly love. On top of brotherly love is holy spirit because faith is based upon forgiveness. So you got to be placed positionally on the seventh step. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, and then the Holy Spirit. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. And that Holy Spirit is a spirit of Christ coming from the headstone to manifest those virtues. Those virtues going to live, brother. I will pour out my spirit. Do you believe that tonight? So when I want you to come to church, you come under expectation for the outpouring of the spirit. You come under expectation for the baptism of the spirit. You come under expectation to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Oh, glory. Not just to hear word word. You come to be filled. We're going to preach it. You're going to expect it. You're going to preach it. We're going to going to receive it because God promised it. I didn't make the promise. God promise it. I will pour out my spirit. I will pour out my spirit. When the devil tried to bang your mind, say, "Shut up, Satan." God said, "I will part my spirit." And he said, "The spirit going to fall and the word going to live." I feel like running this night. He said, "The spirit going to fall in the kangali and the word will live." Do you believe that? Give the Lord a big shout on that one. The spirit will fall and the word. What you can't live, what you're not living is you're going to live. But the spirit going to fall. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hurry. They were in the upper room. They were afraid. Hallelujah. They had seats and afraid. Yes, sir. They were dry seeds and afraid. They're afraid. They lock the doors. They shut the doors. They shut the room. Hallelujah. They're looking to persecute these people who following Jesus. They shut the door. They lock the room. And they ting inside of they praising God continually. They're waiting on the expectation because they know a promise in Joel that shall come to pass afterwards. I'll pour out my spirit. Young men shall see visions. Old men shall dream dreams. Oh, glory to God upon my handmaids. Oh, we have a promise. I'll pour out my spirit. Sisters getting it. Brothers getting it. Old men getting it. Young men getting it. I'll pass the old fashioned. Old men getting it. Young men getting it. Mothers getting it. Sisters getting it. This is something to get. This is something to receive. This is something to experience. I will borrow. Pour out. [Music] Oh, glory. This what the preachers do. This the elders do. This what the deacons do. This the singers too. Oh, glory to God. I will pour out upon all. Woo. Come on, somebody say all. Somebody say all. Oh, give the Lord a shout tonight. I will pour out. Pour out. Hallelujah. Pour out. Pour out. Oh, see visions to see it before it come to pass. To see things in the future. God bringing it to your frontier, what is coming to pass that you could have an insight ahead of what the devil could offer and show you. God showing you things to come. Oh, when he, the spirit of truth is come, he will show you things to come. That's a promise. The comforter, the Holy Ghost, who I shall send. Oh, hallelujah. You have a promise. I will not leave you comfortless. Little while the world will see me no more, but you are going to see me. Because I live, you shall live also. The comforter is the Holy Ghost. I'm going to send him. Oh, give the Lord some shouts now. Give the Lord some thanksgiving because you are under a covenant. You are under a promise. You are under an anointing that I will pour out my spirit. Pour out. Not sprinkle. Not sprinkle. I want you to get the word pour. Pour. Pour. Pour out. Not sprinkle. Not not the anointing. No. Pour out. When you leave here, leave here drunk. Oh, glory to God. Leave here drunk with the spirit because it poured inside of you. All through your being, it was poured so much in them that they spoke another tongue. The natural language couldn't work no more. They're speaking in other tongues. The quickening power was all over them. It was the quickening power. They were saturated with God. They were saturated with the spirit. It was so much in them that when they lay hands on the sick, the sick have to recover because power was coming through them. Power was vibrating through them. And Jesus said in Acts 18, you shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you. We have a promise, Frederick. You have a promise of dynamics. Same spirit, same word, dynamics to the mechanics. Oh, glory to God. My my my How are we going to get through this tonight? My Jesus. Brother said, "Where did we make our mistake like Israel did? We couldn't get along going the way the Holy Spirit was leading us. We had to add something to cause unbelief to come in. If Israel would have went ahead following the way the Lord was leading, within two weeks, there had been the promised land. Two weeks turn to 40 years. Two weeks. They almost there. Just two weeks. And they in the land. And because unbelief came in, God sent them 40 years. Not only send them 40 years, judge them that they're not going to inherit. And the people that came out, God said, "Not one. Your children, not you." Amen. God put judgment on a whole generation and say your seed after you is what go cross over. Not one of you. Told them in Mexico I said the same God that brought two million people out. The same God that judged them. I told them Mexico the same God that bring people out in this message would judge this message. Same God of this message. Not a different one. You know the same one. Not a different one. The same one. He bring them out of Egypt and he judged them. And when Jesus came on the scene, they said, "Our fathers eat man in the wilderness." And Jesus tell them, "And they are everyone dead." And that dead means separated from God. Amen. And somebody sent me a quote about people, ministers, and different not even saved. Not even saved. Nice people, good people, not even saved. This is serious. Amen. This is not coming to church. You're coming to church. You're coming to church. Like church. This is the calling of God. This is the election of God. The predestination of God. Amen. They had to substitute something. And if the Pentecostal church would have move on in the spirit the way God ordained to go and had already proved that he was in it, we were we would have been living in the millennium. My Lord. And he said the Bible Corinthians says these things happen for an examples for whom the end of the worlds are come that we could learn from these guys. Learn from their failures. Learn from their attitudes. Learn from their arrogance and pride that we don't follow their way. Learn. That's what we're here for. To learn from them that we don't do what they do because God judged them. Hallelujah. What happened to this group? We couldn't go on being led by the spirit in a group of believers. We had to have something to tack a name onto us. We wanted to make an organization. They had formed and made it. Somebody got a revelation that somebody will be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ in in Jesus instead of following the Holy Ghost. What happened? They make an organization called it Pa P A JC and different ones. One coming on a horse, one coming on a cloud and that's where you make your mistake. That is where you horribly sin. Why didn't you leave it alone? If that's name Jesus and all the things you got wasn't right. God say every plant that my heavenly father wasn't planted will be rooted up. He said it will come to north. If it is not God, if it is not God, it will come to north. But if it is of God, who going to stop it? Who going stop this pride? Who go stop the move of God? Who going to stop what God want to do by his spirit? I am convinced when the spirit move, it shuts up everything. Could you mean a cancer casting out God, a healing God, a resurrection God? Who going to stop that God? When the is walking, when the blind is seeing, when the deaf is hearing, when the dumb is speaking, when cancer denies I'm talking about a cancer and a man big on his neck, they come with karma as the cancer fall off his neck, fall off his neck, healed. Amen. It still have cancer. Still have tumor. Still have all these diseases. It's devils. that authorize to strike with sickness and diseases, but sons of God authorized to pack it back up, push it back out. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Come on now, say amen. Stick with me now. Ride with me now. If the devil's authorized to bring sickness, we authorized to cast it out. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That's what we are. That's not our authorization. We have a right. said, "In my name shall cast out devils, heal the sick, raise the dead, speak with new tongues." Take up deadly things that shall not harm you. Oh, we rocking back now to the old human line. Going back to Isuza. Going back to Pentecost. Going back to the Holy Ghost. Going back to the human life. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. If it's not of God, it come to north. Leave it alone. Let God be the ruler. But we had to organize oneness, twist, treiness, broke up, fussing, one little group. We are the biggest. We in a minority. We in a majority. We are this. We got the best. We got more money. We got more missionaries. We are not divided. We shouldn't be all one body. We one in hope, one in doctrine, one in charity. Oh my. Oh, glory to God. Israel wanted the same thing. God with them, God working with them. They come to Samuel and say, "Samuel, give us a king. Because we see the Philistines have one. This one have one that one and we we want one. We want to see. We want a king. Samuel Ball. He said, "God, have I stolen from you? Have I robbed you? Have I lied to you? Why you want to talk with king? God is your king." Amen. You talking this flesh thing. They want a man. You want a pope. You want a prosper? You want somebody say he he he's the man. We have the man of the hour. And God told Samuel, "Good. Give them a king." He said, "They have not rejected you. They rejected me." Amen. God knew a king was coming. That is David. Hallelujah. He said they walking. Give them one. And that's how they get saggled with soul who started good and end up being retrenched fired sitting on throne. Fired in the pull pit on fire. Fired by God. Amen. And when God had enough of that enough because Samuel was grieving Samuel anoint you know pour oil on him and thing you know anointed king. God said listen forget he is don't even weep for him. Go to the house of Jesse and anoint one of his sons to be king over Israel. Hallelujah. Go now that anointed gun go off for he already. I have to have a representative. Go and anoint a son of Jesse. Anoint him king. He going to anoint David who not even ready. He going to anoint David who's still young. He going to anoint David who have just potential. He going to anoint David who not even have thinking about kingship and thinking about throne. David who is about sheep. He going to anoint him. Amen. But what God put on you can't stop. It has to come to his fulfillment. It has to come to its accuracy. What God put to you must come to his rightness. Don't you give up on God. He's not going to give up on you. There is something God put upon your life. No devil could change it. And God himself not going to cancel it. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. Did you hear what I said? No devil could change it. God not going to cancel it. Oh hallelujah. The spirit of God is upon me, said Jesus. For he had anointed me. Oh, glory to God to preach the gospel. Oh hallelujah. My God. It shall come to pass. God going to pour out his spirit upon you. The prophet said, "No church could hold the Holy Ghost, but individuals." Oh, give the Lord a shout. Individuals could hold. Glory. individuals could hold the Holy Ghost. Amen. That means you could veil it. You could have it. You could receive it. It could come into you. That's your promise. Hallelujah. You want to have somebody that have PhD. We have some of these great titles and so forth to make us somebody to look up to that the rest of the president say, "Well, they fuss and fight and stew out of the corner of the f of the hat." It's a disgrace. It brings unbelief. The Bible said, and brother, I'm going back to the word now. Watch how he goes to the scriptures. The Bible said, "How can you have faith when you have regards one to another?" How can you do it when you try to say the district man is in, we have to listen to him, the bishop is in. We have to listen to him. The prosperator is in. We have to listen to him. Trying to be somebody in your organization, you can't do it. And have faith in God because you have to look to a man. You have to look for some kind of headquarters. But when you're connected to this power source of the Holy Ghost, you have to look to no man. You're looking to the leadership of the spirit because the spirit is sent to guide. He said the spirit of truth going to lead you and guide you into all truth. Give the Lord a shout. Is not the spirit of error. It's the spirit of truth. It was released. It was sent to guide you into all truth. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Abraham said, I often made this remark. I find there are two classes of people in the world. That's Pentecostal for one and fundamental. Think about it. Just two. The fundamental people positionally know what they are in Christ by the promise of the Bible, but they haven't receive the Holy Ghost to know to have faith. Amen. Amen. So they have the knowledge, they have the information, they have the consciousness, but not the faith. Now we take faith to produce an atmosphere because it take faith to have expectation. When it was revealed to Simeon, he was on expectation. He's a old man. They say if he slip under thick skin, he fall in the grave. I'm just making an expression here. He has dead already. But God revealed to him, you shall not see death until you see the Christ. So you could tell about God that you're almost there. Let me go and buy the the the coffin for you. You could see what you want. See me not on that. See me getting frightened. Grim Reaper getting them wink eye hulk man with the hulk skull. or whatever it is, he has nothing to do with that because God told him, "You shall not see death." So he pushing death aside until I see the Christ. You can't even talk to me. Death can't even come near me until I see the Christ. He could swim through death. He could cross over that he could jump over that because God said you have to see the Christ. And every day he going to the temple waiting. And the same Holy Ghost that came upon him that revealed that to him and give him the expectation when Mary passed the Holy Spirit tell him move. Now when Mary passed, maybe 50 women passed just after her. So he don't know which is which. But he's led by the spirit. He don't want to consult no bishop. Bishop the Lord spoke to me. You think which which virgin which which sister you think I should go? But he would be one miserable Simeon. Man have no leading whatsoever. Then he go snatch a baby and say I feel is this one. You know looking like he had bright eyes. Bright eyes. That not the promise. Baby with the brightest eyes. So he see me is going through now the spirit. I can see him coming some kind of song. I don't know what some hum some kind of Jewish song. He passed this one. He passed that one. When he reach Mary, that's the one. That's the one. That's the one. Spirit, stop him right there. Mary is there. And to confirm it is right. Blind. She can't see nobody now. You see that? You spirit leading. Come on now. Give the Lord a shout. This is this to show God. A blind woman. She's coming through. She's blind. And she stopped right by Mary. God could lead a blind person. [Applause] Oh my God, I feel inspired tonight. Oh God, that's what we're talking about. God can lead a blind woman to the promise of the hour. Did you hear what I said? God can lead a blind person to the promise of the hour. Messiah will come suddenly to his temple. What if he comes tonight? What if the Holy Ghost come to you tonight? Be ready. Glory. Praise the Lord. So the fundamentals know the promise of who they are but they haven't received the Holy Ghost to have faith. The Pentecostal people receive the Holy Ghost but they don't know who they are. So it's like a man got money in the bank and don't know how to write a check and the other one could write the check and hasn't got no money in the bank. If you could get the two together, money and signature, then you could withdraw. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. So then let's continue. If the Pentecostal people could settle themselves, I said last night, I truly believe with all my heart, the Pentecostal church was in a better condition in those days. The old Lazarus Street meetings that you speak of so much, I've read books of the early Pentecostal church 30, 40 back years, was in better condition for the coming of the Lord than right now. Amen. They really was right down to earth Christians. They lived it and they believed it. Hallelujah. They lived it and they believed it. We don't have the old time Pentecostal that used to die out and really come true with God. That real genuine faith. They just got asked God, anoint them with oil and went on so forth. Today God can come down and sh himself miraculously right among the people everything and they say, "Well, I just guess that that's very well." You know what Bram says here? You had too much teaching. I never thought it had that. I never even knew it had that. Too much. They taught so well that they taught out of it. So they coming to me more taught to I know there's not a word. They coming from what? He said you have too much teaching looking for new light. So afterward the same promises thing feel so stale. So then they want new revelations. So the man had to bring up all kind of thing and then afterwards they get a connection a line connected to the pit and Lucy and Lucy first have to bring up some things from there boy and if you don't watch it it and you don't watch that word you figure it's God but is Lucy with his tricks again bringing up revelations. Surely if God know you ain't know good and evil. That would lucy tell Eve. You would be like God. You wouldn't be normal. You you would have a knowledge that you never had before. Listen to me, sis. Itching hairs and e to shake. So he say you have any more? You have any more teachings? And all she was to say was God said so. That's right. Amen. Don't eat of that tree. God said so. Amen. And God can't lie. God said so. He said, "The day we eat, the day we die." Hallelujah. I ain't touching that tree. Get behind me, Satan. And Paul, oh, glory. I'm feeling good tonight. Brother Punch. Paul said, "If a angel come down from heaven and preach any other gospel," Paul went and said, "If I come back and preach something different that I preach originally," he said, "Forget it. Let me be accursed." Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, glory to God. We have to stay with original word because the original word is original seed and that is what the rain coming for. Oh God the Lord I shout. Oh I love him tonight. I'm going to stay with this thing. Oh glory. I am not going to move because I know he will pour out his spirit. His spirit is going to borrow. It's guaranteed. [Music] It could happen tonight. Oh glory to God. It could happen now. He say if the power is to come among a people, it wouldn't emit a prayer. It may be the grace of God. It could happen tonight. It could happen now. It could happen to you. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Have faith in God tonight. [Applause] You know me, I'm never intimidated by numbers. If there's two people here, I'll preach this way. Doesn't matter who is here. Oh, glory to God. I'm always on expectation because God is God tonight. If God is God, serve him. Let the God answer by fire. Let that God be God tonight. He's a God of action. Oh, glory to God. He's a God of movement. He's a God of war. He's a God of armies. He's a God of deliverance. He's a God of healing. He's a quarter that sings a trumpet that brings on a jubilee that you could go free from your past, free from your sin, free from your failures. Oh, glory to God. You just have to accept it and walk out and drop the hope and go free tonight. Oh my. You had too much teaching, looking for new light. That's what Eve was looking for when she got her eyes put out. Just go back to the Bible and stay right with the old trend. Don't leave the old pathway of the first love, the first thing that come to you. Live with the Holy Spirit. Don't get off on some other tantrum. Stay right with God. Right in his word. And the Holy Spirit will never make you do anything that's contrary to the word. It will stay right with the word. Amen. No. Hallelujah. The Philistines and these Samson, what are you going to do about it? Oh, we got great denomination. We have greater membership than ever before. But where is the spirit? Where is the Holy Ghost? The church is bigger. The church is better. The church is air condition of elders and everything else. But where there's the spirit, not where's the teaching? I know you have that. Not where's the books. I know you have that. Not where is the tapes? Where are the Bible? You have that. But where is the spirit? Where is the Holy Ghost? Amen. I'm reading. Amen. That's what the devil has done. He wooed the church. Wooing the church. Come to me. This is Satan preaching. Lord, come to me and I will give you a great big tabernacle over here. My Lord, if you will get rid of that fanatic preacher you got and get a man, a doctor of divinity that got some sense. We will build a big classical church and we'll be like the rest of them. Lord, he says, "Shame on you." I'd rather have a man that did no split coffee from beans but was filled with the Holy Ghost that was uncompromised by the power of God. Hallelujah. So they could talk what they want to talk. This is what God wants. Not not not and you know preachers does um does catchy sinners evangelist catch sinners but teachers is teach them. And I say what teachers teaching for to just teach them. The teachers are teaching that the people could be placed to receive the spirit. The preachers have to preach to bring the spirit because the preaching is the watering of the word. Amen. So it's two things happening with with watering. You water into your praises and the preacher water with the preaching. Paul said that one soul, another water, but God give the increase. Let's say it again. One soul, the other water, but God give the increase. One did what? So, and one did what? Water. You need the soil and you need the water. You need the seed and you need the rain. Without the rain, your seed just standing there. You need the rain and the seed. You need mechanics and you need dynamics. Don't just tell me we need mechanics. Give me some dynamics. He said we do we put too much emphasis on the mechanics. But tonight, tonight and going forward, we're going to put emphasis on this dynamics, this Isuza Street, this Holy Ghost, this oldfashioned sin killing, demon chasing. Glory to God. Hell hot, heaven high. That kind of gospel. Give it, brother. Give it to me. That's what I want. They're going to change our hearts. It's going to change lives. It's going to change homes. They're going to change family. It's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time shouting. Give me that old time. Give it. Oh, give it. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] All kind of songs. Can't touch them old songs. All kind of songs can't touch them blood songs. Hallelujah. Them songs come by inspiration. Them come by Holy Spirit experiences. That why we sing them same songs from the books and it bring the anointing. It's not no modern songs is old songs. Songs are 100 years old. Amazing grace is old. All them songs is old. Old rocket cross is old songs. Get it song right. And the anointing is upon it. Oh God, we just sing just for singing sake. We sing to bring the spirit. That's why send for deep David to play for Saul, demons upon Saul. But singing a music cast them devils out. We singing because we want atmosphere. We worship because we want atmosphere. It take atmosphere to create for the supernatural and omnipotence to speak and the miraculous to take place. You come to create atmosphere. You have to see what you come for. You come to make a revival. The minister can't bring a revival, but you can bring it. I telling you tonight, you can bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it with you. Bring it from home. Bring it from your prayer life. Bring it from your closet, your third pole closet. Bring it. Bring that revival. Bring that pill with you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. It shall come to pass afterwards. I will pour out my spirit. Oh hallelujah. Glory brother Brandham. He say so starchy till some poor sink and break through in a meeting and speak in tong or shout a little bit the rest of them will gand around and say what was that some church is so quiet if you only hallelujah too loud the whole church that's a rare thing. Hallelujah. Glory. Somebody stand up and shout. That's that sit down back easy. Remember the story of the man who used to be making a certain noise in his house. Yes. And he had a little daughter who wanted to bring some friends some party or something. So she said, "Well, let me I give daddy the Bible to read. Let me give him a geography book and put him up in the attic. He go keep quiet watching all them lands and countries and geographies and so on like that. So afterwards the man up there in the attic and they having a nice little get together say the man racket hallelujah glory hallelujah man said the car up there don't ask what going you know I give you a bible is a geography book he say I was reading the geography book it have a sea that they can't find no bottom and when I think about my sins how God put in the sea of his forgetfulness God is I can't help it I can't help it when I think how We take all my sins and put it in the sea of the forgetfulness. I have to shout. I have to say glory. I have to say hallelujah. Man, when God in you, you see God everywhere. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I say when God is in you, you could see him everywhere. Oh, put you in the attic. You're still shouting. Oh, glory to God. Take the Bible from you, you're still shouting. Trials come, you still going to shout. You have a right to shout. And I found a quote. I might read it tonight, but I'm talking about when they worship. Hallelujah. Bless the honor almighty. He said there's a Pentecostal meeting. He said I back to the Isuza street because I was asking God give me a scripture in the revelation that identify Pentecost with a random. He said that is it there. Oh glory to God. When the lamb took the book and they start to worship that is the Pentecost. That's the revival right there. That's king lamb worship. When the anointed are found it in the book of revelation. The first part is revelation. The second part is manifestation. Revelation chapter 5. When they lamp up the book, they sang a new song. Oh, glory. The old song couldn't work no more. They had to sing a new song. That was worth to take the book and to loose the seven seals and all in heaven, all under the earth. Heard I John, praise God. His voice was j. He was going and going through dimensions. Oh, glory to God. The earth dimension. He was going below on top. Hell was hearing him. Everything was the lamb took the book. We shall reign on the earth. or give the Lord a shout and all of this happening and I mustn't shout and I mustn't praise my God. Come on now. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You got to be born again. Delila woo in the big churches fine educated ministers better class. You know so and so down here is a millionaire. If we could get him to come to our congregation, oh my. But I'm say if he isn't born again, he doesn't deserve to be there. I don't care if he have a million dollars. If he own 40 Cadillacs, whatever he's got, he has got to be born again. come right down to the new birth and be regenerated by the Holy Ghost and come out snotting, excuse me, crying, screaming, carrying on that like the rest of them doing. So it have no rich Holy Ghost. Excuse me. Sorry you don't have that. I want to Holy Ghost. Like one boss, he want the Holy Ghost. The slave tell him he get the holy ghost last time he say he want it. The slave tell him come come down come down here. He said I can't get it here. He said come down now. Come down. And the slave went in the pie. He says get it here. He said there he said yeah in the big sty right here with all the mess and thing. He say I I ain't coming down there. He said you ready yet? When you ready for it? Doesn't matter. Oh give the Lord a shout. When you ready it doesn't matter where it is. I want it. I want it now. I want it tonight. It is my promise. God said I will pour my spirit. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I have a right to get it. It's me, mine. [Applause] [Music] That was a wise Christian. He know the man hot know the man have pride. So he test him. You waste hand laying hands upon the man. The man can't move. You ever pray somebody who have no anointing upon them? This sound like a rocking like you're praying for a dead man. That the worst prayer to pray. You're praying somebody and they pushing. So, not even amen. Not even praise God. You don't know if they're living or the dead. But when you pull your hands on somebody and they're crying and they're praying and in the spirit, my God, you're right there with them. They're in the spirit. You in the spirit. You praying for them. Hallelujah. Them dead ones, they'll kill you when when you pray. Pray your prayer really bouncing back. Your prayer going no way at all. Like rubber prayers. Boom. Prayers are going through at all. Just bouncing back. Boom boom boom boom. Rubber prayers. And hitting you when you finish. Say, "Lord, that killed the preacher. Oh, hallelujah. So, don't give us don't let us have no rubber praise on you. Come in the spirit, man. Get in the spirit. Oh, Lord, help me Jesus. Glory to God. Amen. So, they bound him. Samson, what they do? The Philistines upon what they do? They found a secret. They found a secret. Have you he found your secret? Lord, the world found your secret. You woman bub your hair look like the world. Dirty jokes and cigarettes and socialable drinks and so on. Samson the Philistines on thee. Brand of tabernacle worldism creeping among you. What about it? Have you exposed your secret? Have you let creep out by social formers gospel? What happened to you? Well, I guess that's all right. We enjoy listening to it once in a while if we're not too tired. That's brum tabernacle. The Philistines is on day. What is he talking about? He is there sick has been healed and after all the people get so accustomed well hell in good service tonight. You know I mean we had two blind see and and two deaf here and walk and so on and people going normal normal normal. They're no longer sensitive to the spirit and burden for what God is doing. Then he said this when I used to be preaching the word the old saints with tears in their eyes would rise to their feet. So this standing up thing you know new thing rise to their feet and walk sobbing maybe not saying a word just walking around two three times and set down somebody call us the exercising church we going up we're going down we going please exercise. Hallelujah. When the spirit came upon the boat, he stood up to his feet. They said, "Little fish, I give back life." He has sit down. Stand up to his feet. Take off his hat. Cuz the spirit come upon him. Hallelujah. Stand up to your feet. People say now they crossing their leg and have a book on a pad and a paper to write. I remember meetings years ago that ministers forget it. The them guys don't want to worship nothing at all. So they playing writing the word fire falling writing on the right. Fire falling be right. Amen. But they don't want to put down the P and the book and reach the hand and reach for like everybody else. Them is ministers, the foot girls. 24 elders, them fellas with the crowns on the head. When the lamb took the book, them fellas lick off crown. Them fellas, them fellas settle down and fix crown and have a mirror say how the crown looking. I want to I want to move too much because the crown might shift. Them guys are not what crown we're talking about. Crown crown gone. So them just worshiping the four beasts woriing the elders worshiping thousands time thousands worshiping blessing and honor and might and dominion. Hallelujah. [Applause] There's the quote but Anthony read. So revival day. How can we have it when the revival giver is bound by the world? God won't come in where the world is. You can just depend on that. You associated with the world, then you let the world creep in. You go to acting like the world, then you're finished. But when you cut loose every fetter of the world, come to God. God will use you until you go to flirting again. Here's the only hope that I have this morning to wind up my message. Why Samson was bound? A new shock of hair grow out. Amen. Then he's praying, "God, send us another church just before the end time." Yes, sir. that the power of the Holy Ghost can come into her. Not more education, not teachings, not more revelations, not more mysteries hidden or written hidden, however they want to see it. I know people think I hate mysteries. I anti mystery people. But Christ is the mystery of God revealed. When you wrap up all the mysteries, you have to show me Jesus. Amen. You see if I if I see Jesus, I go understand all the mysteries because Paul already answered that question. Do I know all mysteries, have all knowledge and do have charity, I am nothing, you know, I wasting time. I just wasting time, you know, sounding brass and tingling symbol, you know, do I give my body to be burned? How do I feed the poor and don't have charity? Nothing. Then he had to describe the contents of charity or the virtue of charity or the nature of charity. Charity is kind. Clarity is longsuffering. Doesn't vaunt itself up. Is not easily provoked. It believe it all things. Hope it all things. Endure it all things. Charity never failth. Oh good Lord have mercy. Oh glory to God. I'm preaching myself happy tonight. I might speak in tongues just now. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. Quick power. Oh hallelujah. Charity never failth. [Music] Hallelujah. When when brother was going through the fence and forget the gun and forget about the killer bull, God arranged that he forget about the killer. And God want to give him experience of this charity. This love you see something came over him. If he had the gun, bow think twice. You have gun. You ever want to talk to bully have a gun? You think you would talk to bull and you have a gun? Shoot the bull. That's what he was going to do if he had the gun. So God make sure he the gun not there. So then something came over him. Take away fear. Note when that come, fear gone. He's not afraid of the animal. Where is he? He's back in Eden. Did you hear that? Fear is gone. Where is he? Back in Eden. Just like Adam having dominion over every creep and thing that [Music] he's back in Eden having dominion over the cattle cattle man cattle snorting coming down to him. He says stop go back and lie down. Are you going and pray for somebody and cattle pull back brakes screech pull back brakes go and lie down normal. Normal normal and he passed in normal normal you know I didn't I can't remember where he passed to come back in but he passed right back there still anointed cuz them kind of thing when your pastor get experience you trim afterwards I remember I remember was in South Africa we do some work in the church here and you know we do this by vision by inspiration and when South Africa like inspiration leave me and I used sit down in South Africa. I said, "Lord have mercy. What on earth am I doing?" Somebody called me the father at the roof to raise roof high. I was up next and I afterwards was like a trembling. I was shaking and no confessing that was shaking but the vision was so tremendous. Hallelujah. That when you come from that you just normally want to do you look and see it. So you know because in the spirit is everything fine when you get out of that thing. So you want to say what is this? You know what you're doing. All the demons that doubt coming to attack you until they get back in the spirit. You never hear that before right? Tonight is the night you hear. But God put a faith inside of him to believe it will be done. And we did it. Hallelujah. So I believe my commission is tight inside of here. What God called me to do, God sent us another church just before the end time. Who? All right. That the power of the Holy Ghost can come unto her in the demonstrations of the spirit. And this is preaching the gospel, not teaching and explaining and revealing. Because revelation could come two ways. It could come by written. You reveal who you are. I am the prime minister. I am this. That's written. That's and revelation is person also the person the primary can come and say I am he like what Jesus said I am he so it have words it have manifestation it have all ways of different revelation but this is specific that the holy ghost come to the church with the demonstration of the spirit mark 16 can follow the church acts 2:4 which is the refilling acts 238 which is the filling all of it will be followed right along in the church signs and wonders accompany the apostles not churches accompany the apostles and teachings that come signs and wonders was part of the package that went the with the apostolic church. If we are going back here, we have to have that. I'm going to say it again. We have to have that to vindicate we have been turned back to that because that is where the faith was expressed. Works is faith expressed. If we go back to the faith of the fathers, where are the works that the fathers did? Could we hear a shout? Could I hear amen on that? It's not the teachings of the fathers. It's the faith of the fathers. And works express the faith of the fathers. If you have faith, show me the works. Amen. Hallelujah. Then he said, "Great signs of the his resurrection accompany them." While we in prison, surely God is growing a crop somewhere for that last great kill. May it be you, my Christian friend, here this morning. May it be your strength had begin to grow. I pray that this message this morning out into the land where it go. I trust this message will bring the spiritual vitamins that will grow a spiritual power back into your life again. Hallelujah. Oh, may the Samson of God may the true in heart. May those who are longing and crying, pleading, look at the description, look at this description. May those who are longing and crying, pleading and holding on, may they stay with it, Lord. Until this new crop grows out, until there comes forth a joy in Zion, that they come for a group that can recognize and understand and that can see the Messiah and the hidden powers that is hid from the world that they not understand now. God grant it that they will see it for we ask in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. So as we wrap up the the the year of Jubilee, Jesus the prophet said uh he came to the temple to preach the acceptable year and precious words proceed from his lips. And that year was called the Jubilee where every man that have been captivity could go free. And hundreds years have passed but the same God that sent Jubilees in them days is the same God who sent Jubilees today. All the people that have been captured and was in captivity, there come an acceptable year when the trumpet sounded and all the ones that were in captivity didn't have to pay any price. They could go absolutely go free. They could drop their hoe they were hoing whatever instrument they were working with could go free. But that was by choice. You have to choose to go free when you hear the trumpet. Tonight a trumpet is being sounded. Once the word being preached is a trumpet. It's a gospel trumpet. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. If they didn't want to go free, then they were taken to the temple and they will bore all in the air and then they could never go free again. Oh my. So, we find out many of us in these last days, this is the part I want to get to. This is important. Okay. In the last days, in our organization of Pentecost, we have come in and organized ourselves and rejected the leisure of the Holy Spirit by the wisdom of groups of people. Instead, here we go. Listen this book. Instead of having fellowship one with one another, it's divided us, separated us into several different organization of people. And in doing so, it has broke up our inheritance. Amen. Amen. He is saying the inheritance get break up by the divisions. Amen. And kind of foolishness. These walls inside. If we ever get walled into a place where we can't accept the word and the Holy Spirit and have to take the creeds and so forth of a church instead of the power of the Holy Spirit, the jubilee will never mean nothing to that person. Amen. No matter how much you can say your mother left you inheritance, daddy left you inheritance and whatnot. He said, but accept dogma that was injected into your fellowship instead of being free in Christ, letting the Holy Spirit lead us along back in the age when the early church was getting together. Immediately they had to go to organizing and when they did they was afraid that somebody else would be a leader would get in the little group. They had issues that came in and then they had to organize these issues. If they had left it alone let the Holy Spirit weed out and bring out and lead in and put in the church would be farther advanced. Let the Holy Spirit I mean every every inspiration and and teaching and things not not right God will listen God is God you know God is boss you know. Hallelujah. God will remove people off the earth, you know. God will shift things around, you know, for his purpose, you know. God have a plan, you know. Listen, the Lord himself descending in 1 Thessalonians 4, you know, to get his bride, you know. You think he going to let some man manhandle his wife, not this Jesus I'm talking about. The Lord himself descend with a shout. Go them playing with that. Them false anointing can only hold church members. They will never hold the bride. And if they have the bride, the bride will come out. Oh, glory to God. God will have true shepherds in the last days. Oh, glory to God. He going to come down himself. Hallelujah. Now, a man and his family could go back to the original if they hear the Jubilee trumpet song and know what it meant to them. If they heard the preong the trumpet, the minister, the trumpet is the gospel. They had a privilege to come and receive again their inheritance. Amen. What you lost, you go back to it. Amen. Oh my. What we lost? What they have on Pentecost? We're going back to our inheritance. Let me read it. You'll see where I get inspiration from. The hour of Jubilee. Okay. Our Pentecostal experience years ago, we find we have walled out ourselves away from that. So far that we got to hear what somebody say instead of thus say the Lord. And you can hear the word of God say now is the hour of Jubilee. Go back. Come back. Where inspiration from? come back to your original inheritance to the real Holy Ghost again. Remember, he could go free. He didn't have to pay nothing. Didn't have to do nothing. Just get up and go. Just Just think about it. You could get up tonight and go free. Go and sin no more. Oh, glory to God. Who the son of man set free is is free indeed. Clean your slate. Wipe your slate. Watch. if he knew the song of the trumpet but he had to know the song of the trumpet for they are sons of God. Now faith come by hearing hearing the word of God. And when we hear that we are free and refuse to act upon our freedom, then we shall be sealed away from God to receive the mark of the beast. For to hear is to receive. And when we hear we are free, then we can accept it and be free. Oh my. When the hearer heard the Jubilee song and he didn't want to be free, sealed away from the kingdom. He said today in celebration of the Holy Ghost revival that we used to have musician come and place. I hear our fathers talk about how the angels came down and sang in the meetings and the power of God taking over and the saints were born again and things happen and it come from a oldfashioned sky blue sinkilling preaching old sassifas type. Men did not know the ABCs but they know Christ and had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that is what we hunger for today is an oldfashioned baptism of the Holy Ghost and a pouring out of God's blessing back to the whole again. If the devil has took you captive, it is jubilee time. It is time to come back to the old experience again. Back to the oldfashioned Bible. Back to the place where we can feel the power of God search through that will call men and women to the altar. That will make them stay on their face all night long and pray to God and seek for deliverance. What a time. What we need today is a calling out, a pulling out, a pulling out jubilee. Oldfashioned revival is what we need. Oh, a weeping through to Calvary. What we need is to revive. What's exactly what we need? A good oldfashioned revival. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. If you want an Isuza Street return, just lay down and be shaved all the way down with the word of God. Oh, hallelujah. Stop kicking. Stop fussing. Become a sheep. Become a lamb. Get shaved. I know it's a privilege. It belongs to you because you were born in sin. She iniquity coming speaking lies. But will you forfeit it and become a lamb? The lamb was not a grumbler. The Bible said he opened not his mouth. When he was revived, he reviled it again. That's the reason the dove could stay on him. But us, let someone do something against us, we got hot in the collar, the dove take his flight. The Holy Spirit leaves. And many times you wonder why we can't have that peace we used to have. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. But in order to be a lamb, he forfeited his right. in order to die in yourstead. He was a lamb. You say, "Brother Brham, what is the way back to the oldfashioned meetings? Just become lambs again. Just get back to being a sheep. The dove hasn't gone very far. He's just waiting a chance to get back. The road back to Isuza Street. There's a place back. Back to the Isuza Street meetings again is to return to a lamb nature. You can't expect a wolf or any scavenger and expect a dove of peace to dwell in you. He won't do it. You have got to become a lamb. Your nature has got to be changed. And if you look at things different, you wouldn't fuss at the preacher when he preaches the strict oldfashioned Holy Ghost religion. You will just get rid of that wolf spirit or that scavenger spirit and get the lamb nature and you're ready to forfeit all the things that you once done. All your worldly privilege. That's true. As I'm standing there, Christian friends, humble yourselves. Don't try to know it all. See how much you can forget of what you know is the best thing. only know one thing and that's Christ. When the Isuza's tree people humbled themselves and became lambs, the Holy Spirit came in, he will do that this very minute right here in this building. If we would be willing to play some things off, if we be willing to forfeit all the so-cal we have to humble ourselves and become lambs. And look how this message people get so arrogant because they have a few extra knowledge. Nobody popes, nobody Rome, nobody sees, nobody lamb or whatn not. And they can't even get a good fellowship, a good hug, a good love you. Oh my hallelujah. And then he talked of the story about the slave broker came by the plantation. They noticed one young man. He walked with his chest up, chin up. He didn't have to whip him. He was up and doing. The broker said, "I like to buy that slave." The plantation owner said, "He's not for sale." What make him different? Is he the boss over there? No, he's just a slave. You feel him better? know he is with the rest of them. What makes him different? I didn't know myself until one day I learned over in his homeland where he came from his father is the king of a tribe. Amen. And though he's an alien and pilgrim, he keeps the moral of the rest of them up because he's know he's the son of a king. Amen. What kind of people we ought to be? Hallelujah. Pilgrims and strangers. We ought to conduct ourselves not like the rest of the world but separate ourselves from the things of the world. Keep your chin up because there's one thing we know. We are sons and daughters of the world of God. There's a way back there to experience. Conduct ourselves as sons and daughters. Not dressed like the world. Nothing to put on. Oh my. I'm going to finish. Oh my. And I was praying, God, how can we have to return to the street when we will not listen to the dove of God? God, it will take hard judgment. It may take death in the family. It may make something. But I'm sure God if we'll ask you whatever it takes to bring us back to God. Bring back oldfashioned meetings. Bring back humility among the saints. Bring back the power of God into our churches. Shave us tonight. Take the world away from us. Take everything that's unlike you away God. Fill us with the Holy Spirit. Oh dove of God. Fly down from these banisters. Fly down from the pinnacle of this temple here, Lord. and dwell these hearts that they're waiting just now for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The sharp twitch is stored. God bless. The dove is flying around the building. You believe it? The hour has come. The time has come. Open your hearts. Holy Spirit is here to baptize heal in Jesus name. I rebuke every devil and sickness cast him away that you go free. Let's all stand. Father God, we thank you tonight for these words chopped up. Lord, I pray that you just blended together. Oh God, us rises as it was and may the saints of God drink it down that we are due an outpouring of your spirit. We have a direct word from you. Father, I will pour out my spirit that we are returning tonight to our original inheritance of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Father, send fire upon your people tonight. We love you. We adore you. We thank you for breathing upon us, receiving the Holy Ghost. Thank you for your breath tonight, Lord. The breath of God upon our lives. Oh hallelujah. Have your way Jesus. Send fire upon the people. Send fire out to all those who hear the tape. Send fire those who hear tonight in the name of Jesus. May your fire fall. We need you Lord. You said national force will put the world the churches in the work of the churches but the power of God will put the people in the bride. Send your power Lord and put your people in the bride. In Jesus name we ask it. Thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. And though I can repay from my heart, let say that I thank you. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Oh sweet Jesus for the great for the grace that you have gone though I can't repay from my heart to say I want you to worship a little Let's just give the Lord some praises right now. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, we love you, Lord. We worship you, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. [Music] Say [Music] come on, worship him. Worship him. Raise your hands and give him praise. Thank you. Hallelujah Jesus. All the grace you have, given us don't repay from my heart. I like to say. Oh, we worship you, Jesus. Come on now, open your mouth. Give him praise. Give him praise. We feel this spirit here tonight. Oh, we feel the anointing here tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you. Oh Jesus. Jesus. All the grace for the grace that you have given us though I can't repay from my heart to save. [Music] Oh my. What a presence here tonight. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Let's bow our heads. Father, we pray bless the offering and be picked up and be used for the fruit of the gospel in Jesus. Amen. And though I care every day from my heart, I'd like to say, oh my, thank you. God answers prayer. Our God answer. So keep on praying. Oh, Friday night prayer meeting. Lord I pray encourage people to come out Friday night. God he's so [Music] good to me. Let's bow heads. Father, we thank you tonight for your word. We thank you Lord for your love and presence. God, you have been so good to us. And Lord, when the two of trees are gathered, truly, you are in our midst and we appreciate that so much, Lord. If without your presence, we'll just be just killing time just saying words. But Lord, just to feel the angel of God and the presence of life among us. It's such a blessing, Father, of every service to come into your presence. It is life to be in your presence. Is dead to be outside your presence. Lord God, we thank you for the presence, the angel of your presence. Father, go with your people now. May the angel go with them in Jesus. Amen. Grab your seats. I just come forward. God bless you. See you on Friday. Looking forward to tar with the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. [Music] Somewhere. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
