################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-10 - "Faith That's Based on Forgiveness" - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on  May 10th, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-10
Title:   "Faith That's Based on Forgiveness" - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on  May 10th, 2025
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO2lsMfpTlg
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Oh, worshiping you this evening. Worshiping you. Oh, worshiping you. You make it easy cuz I'm so in love with you. I long for those moments. I long for those moments. Just you and I. Get lost in your presence. Lose track of time when I'm overwhelmed by your glory divine. And I'm left with only one thing to do. Worshiping [Music] you. I'm worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping you. worshiping [Music] you. You make it easy, Lord, cuz I'm so in love. Oh, let's sing it along for those moments with him. I long for those moments when just you and I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. When I'm overwhelmed by your glory divine, and I'm left with only one thing to do, worshiping you. Oh, just worship him. Worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping [Music] you. I'm worshiping [Music] you. You make it easy, Lord. Oh, I'm so in love with you. Amen. Don't you just love him this evening? Let's sing Psalms 23G. The Lord is my shepher. He goes before me. Defender behind me who I won't fear. you with anointing. My cups overflowing. Where pink can [Music] harle I am not Lord. [Music] For he's my comfort. He always holds me [Music] close. He always guides [Music] me through mountains and [Music] valley. His joy is refreshing. [Music] restores my soul. Oh, mercy and goodness. Mercy and goodness. [Music] gives me [Music] assurance that I'll see his glory. Oh, face to face. Oh, [Music] hallelu. Oh, hallelu. [Music] I am not [Music] alone. Oh, he's my comfort, always hallelujah. Sing it with me now. Oh hallelujah. I am not [Music] alone. Oh, he's my comfort. He always holds me close. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. your spirit. Oh, come on now. That's it. Oh, yes. Your spirit lives within me. So, I will walk in your peace. Your spirit is within me. Oh, my victory. Oh, my victory. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Oh, hallelu. Oh, you're not alone this evening, church. Oh, he's my [Music] comfort. Oh, he Oh, he's my comfort. Oh, oh, let's sing that one more time. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I am not Lord. He's my comfort. [Music] He's my comfort. Oh, your spirit. Listen at him now. Your [Music] spirit, your spirit is within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives. I'll sing it to him. That's in my victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. Sing it like this. Hallelujah. I am not [Music] alone. He's my comfort. Always hold me close. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. He's our victory this evening. Aren't you glad that he always holds you close in a time of trouble, in a time of need, he's there? Let's sing that. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Aren't you glad you're on the battlefield for the Lord this evening? Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, I promised him that I would serve him till I die. Now I'm on that field. Oh, I sing it again. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, I promised him that I would serve him till I die. Now I battle for my Lord. Well, I was alone and idol and I was a sinner, too. And I heard a voice from heaven saying work to do. So, I took the master's name and I joined that heavenly man. Now, I won that field for my lord. Well, I won the battlefield for my lord. Well, I the battle for my Lord promised him that I would serve him till I die. Now my home be my [Music] Lord. Well, I lost my flag in battle. My staff is in my hand. I'm taking it to Jesus over in the glory land. Oh, in distant land I tried. Christ sinner come to God. Now I want battlefield for my Lord. Will I hold the battlefield for my Lord? Well, I know that'll be for my Lord. Oh, I promised him that I would die. Now I'm home. Oh, let's sing that song to begin. Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield. Are you fighting with him for him this evening? [Music] Oh my that I will serve him till I die. Now I b that field for my Oh, let's sing it one more time. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I I won't serve him till I die. I'm home. I won't be. Oh my Lord. Glory, glory, glory. Where glory be glory. Oh hallelujah. Oh, since I laid I lay my burden down with glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I play, I prince don't treat me or friends don't treat me oh like they used to. For since I laid, I lay my burdens down. Old friends don't treat me. Oh, like they used to since I lay my Oh, aren't you feeling so much better? Well, I can't believe we're so much better. Oh, since I Leave my words down. Will I ever be? Well, so much better since I leave my home. Well, I feel like shouting. Well, I feel like shouting. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I feel like shout, I feel like shouting. Oh, hallelujah. Since I live, glory, glory. Well, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I live, I lay my burdens down with glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid laying burdens [Applause] down, aren't you glad you laid your burdens down? Amen. Let's sing a song. I never lost my praise. Key of F. Aren't you glad you've never lost that? I've lost some good [Music] friends. Some loved ones departed in heaven to stay. But thank God I didn't lose everything. with a thousand people who said they care. And in the time of my crisis, they were there. But in my disappointments, in my season of [Music] pain, one thing never wavered. One thing never change. Oh, I never lost you. Oh, aren't you glad you never lost your hope this evening? Well, I never lost my [Music] joy. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, I never lost my bra. I've let some blessings or slip away. Oh, when I lost my focus and went straight, but thank God I didn't lose everything. [Music] I lost possessions that were so deep. I've lost someles by walking in fear. In the midst of my struggles or in my season of pain. Oh, one thing never waver. Oh, one thing never. Oh, I never lost my own. [Music] Oh, and I never lost my truth. Oh, oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, oh, I never Oh, I never lost my home. [Music] Oh, I never lost my Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, and I never lost my joy. Oh, yeah. And I never lost my faith. But [Music] more I never lost my brain. Amen. Aren't you glad you never lost your praise this evening as they play something softly? I'd like to go through the prayer request this evening. We have brother Timothy Puit here with us this weekend. So I want to pray that God would just lead him and guide him in the things that we would need and desire in our hearts there. We have many of our elderly that's home that is sick or just shut in, not able to come. Want to pray for each and every one of them. Want to continue to remember our pastor, brother Ron Spencer, that God would touch him, strengthen him in his body, as well as sister Donna Ber, brother Tom Ber's wife that's fighting that cancer. And we want to continue to lift up Sister Teresa Delaney as well as our brother Bill Delaney there. Also, uh, Sister Lorie Snow as she's still recovering from that heart issue and things that God would just touch her. How many would have an unspoken request she'd like to lift up? I'm going to ask Brother Jeremy Diaz if he would just come pray over these needs for this evening. We know our God can just meet these needs, don't we? Amen. God bless you. Let's all pray. Lord, we just thank you for gather us in your house one more time, Lord. Lord, we just pray you just be with us today, Lord. Be with brother Timothy as he brings forth the word, Lord. Let him speak to our hearts, Lord. Give us exactly what we have need of, Lord. Lord, I pray you just continue to help us to just serve you better, Lord. Lord, we pray you just be with each and every one of these needs, Lord, pray you just touch them, Lord. Lord, pray you be with continue to be with our pastor, Brother Ron. Lord, Lord, I pray you continue to touch his body, Lord. Lord, we know you're you're doing a work, Lord, and we know that you're going to finish it, Lord. Lord, I pray you just continue to be with us, Lord. Lord, be with everything that's said and done here. Help us to just always stay in your perfect will, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for everything you've done, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. As we receive this evening's tithe and offering, you give as God's blessed you. And the offering will also go for brother Timothy this weekend. Maybe we'll sing that song. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Is that your desire one of these mornings? Maybe brother Randy, if he'll come prepare to sing for us this evening. Then we'll have Sister Beth Robertson. And then we'll have brother Tim Wyinners. Glad to have him and his wife and daughter here with us this weekend. So, we're going to have a great time in the Lord this evening, aren't we? Well, some glad morning when this life is over, will I I'm going to fly away. Well, to land on God's celestial sh I'm going to fly away. I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. Will I die? Hallelujah. Bye-bye. Will I fly away? Oh, in the shadows of this life that will lie. I'm going to fly away. Well, like a bird from prisons have blown. Will I fly away? Well, I want to fly away. Oh, glory. I won't fly away. Oh, I can't die. Hallelujah. My way. I want to fly. Let's sing that one more time. Well, I I'm going to fly away. I'm going to fly away. Well, I came down. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. Will I fly away? Amen. You can be seated this time. [Music] I stood in a courtroom. The judge turned my way. It looks like you're guilty now. What do you say? I spoke up your honor. I have no defend. That's when mercy walked [Music] in. Mercy walked in and pleaded my case. called to the stand by God's saving grace. The blood was presented that cover my [Music] sin. Forgiven when mercy walked in. I stood there and wondered how could this be as someone so guilty had just been set [Music] free. My chains were broken. still born [Music] again. Moment that mercy walked [Music] in. Mercy walked in. He pleaded my case. Called to the stand. God's saving grace. The blood was presented that cover my sin. Forgiven when mercy walked in. We were forgiven when mercy walked in. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I can only imagine it will be like when I walk. by your side. I can only imagine what my eyes will see when your face is before me. Oh, I can only imagine. I can only imagine. surrounded by your glory. What will my heart feel? Will I dance for you, Jesus? Or in all of you be still. Will I stand in your presence? Or to my knees will I fall? Will I sing hallelujah? Will I be able to speak at all? I can only imagine. I can only [Applause] imagine. I can only imagine. [Applause] When that day comes and I find myself sitting in the sun, I can only [Applause] imagine when all I will do is forever forever worship you. I can only imagine. Oh, I can only [Music] imagine. Surrounded by your glory. What will my heart feel when I dance for you Jesus? all you be still while I stand in your presence or to my knees will I fall. Will I sing hallelujah? Will I be able to speak at all? I can only imagine. Yeah, I can only imagine. [Music] Surround him by your glory. What will my heart feel? Or in all of you be still while I stand in your presence or to my knees will I fall. I sing hallelujah. Will I be able to take it all? I can only imagine. I can only imagine. I can only imagine what it will be like. When I walk by your side, I can only imagine what my eyes will see when your face is before me. Oh, I can only imagine. [Music] Oh, I can only [Music] imagine when I'm surrounded by your glory. What will my heart feel when I dance for you, Jesus? Or in all of you, be still. Will I stand in your presence or to my knees? Will I fall? Will I sing hallelujah? Will I be able to speak it all? I can only imagine. Yes, I can only imagine. [Applause] [Music] When I'm surrounded by your glory, what will my heart feel? Will I dance for you, Jesus? For in all of you be still. Will I stand in your presence? Unto my knees will I fall. Will I sing hallelujah? Will I be able to speak it all? I can only imagine. I can only imagine. I can only imagine. Yes, I can only imagine. [Applause] [Music] Amen. It's always an honor to be here with y'all. Y'all to sing this song with me. I never shall forget the day. Long years ago went out in sin. I had no hope, no peace within. Down on my [Music] knees in agony, I prayed to Jesus and he gladly set me free. [Music] I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my heart got rolled away. It made me [Music] high. Be glad and free. I'll sing and shout it for he's everything to me now I can feel him by my side my fears he comes and guides when trials come he comes I'm [Music] thirsty. Through faith in him over sin I have the victory. I never shall forget that day when all the burdens of my heart got rolled away. It made me hand be glad and free. I'll sing and shout it for he said to me. Oh sinner come to Jesus now at his defeat. Just humbly bow. Confess to him your every sing. He'll save you, cleanse you, give you peace and joy within. I never shall forget that day when all the burdens of my heart got to roll [Music] away. It made me [Music] happy. Be glad and free. I'll sing and shout it for he said everything to me. Sing it to him again now. I never shout. Forget that day. When all the burdens of my heart got rolled away. made me be high. Be glad and free. I'll sing and shout it for he said everything to me. I'll sing and shout it for he said everything to me. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see in me. They will be stripped away by the power of your love. me close. Let your love [Music] surround me. will draw me near and highway. I'll rise up like an e [Music] Eagle and I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Lord, unveil my eyes and let me see you face to face. The knowledge of your love as you [Music] live in me. Lord, renew my mind as your will unfold in my life. I'm living every [Music] day by the power of your [Music] love. Oh, holy ghost. Just let your love surround me. Oh, draw me near Lord. Draw me to your side. And as the highway, I'll rise up like [Applause] the eagle and I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful to be drawn by the power of the Holy Ghost? Hallelujah. Won't you stand with us this evening? Hallelujah. What a wonderful atmosphere that is set in this place tonight. Amen. And we we just come here expecting great things this weekend, believing that the Lord is going to do exceedingly abundantly above all of our expectations. How many's ready for the word of God? Amen. We want to officially welcome Brother Isaac and Sister Jenny here. They got moved here this past weekend. And uh we just want to say God bless you. We we know that uh moving is no small thing, but I I feel like you've landed in a pretty good spot here and you got some great people around you. Just want to say God bless you. We praying for the move and everything. It sounds like you got some jobs already already lined up. So, God bless you. Amen. Ain't it good to be a Christian? Amen. I tell you what, I I don't know who's more nervous, me about this service because I'm expecting great things or all of hell. I believe big things are going to take place tonight. Amen. We've prayed for these meetings. We're just expecting God to move. Maybe we have the key of C. Amen. As brother Timothy just prepares to come. Oh my Jesus. Oh my savior. Oh Lord, there is none like you. Oh, all of my days. Oh, I want to [Music] praise the wonders of your [Music] mighty love. Let's just lift our hands to him. Oh my comfort, oh my shelter, the tower of reuge train. Oh let every breath. Oh all that I am. Never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Oh power and majesty, praise to the king. Oh mountains bow out and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. [Applause] I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll [Music] say. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. The lost are safe. They find their way. Oh, at the [Music] sound of your great name. All can feel no shame. At the [Music] sound of your great name, oh every fear, it has no place at the great name. [Applause] to me. He has to flee. Oh, at the sound of your great name is Jesus. [Music] might [Music] high. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He has a name that's worthy to be praised. Amen. Oh, how we love him tonight. Let's just bow our hearts in prayer and just ask the Lord to come by and speak tonight. Father, we come to you today, Lord. Our hearts dependent on you, Lord Jesus. We ask, Father, that you'd come and you would minister and you would speak, you would touch, Lord, that you would come and open the words of life and speak to every heart, Lord, we pray, as only you can do, Lord. Lord, I no doubt if I'd ask for hands to be lifted about different needs. There'd been hands lifted all over this building. Lord, you're a great God for our needs. And we just ask you to come by and speak and touch. We pray we give this service this weekend to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Get me all harnessed up here. Amen. Is that better? That sounds better. Amen. God bless you tonight. It's good to be with you. Amen. You can be dismissed. God bless you. Turn in your Bibles to Mark chapter 11 if you would. Amen. Amen. I want to say it's such an honor and privilege to be here with you and amen to speak to you tonight and just trusting something can be said to strengthen you and help you and amen to long life's journey. We I want to thank Sister Ruth for being with us today coming with us. You know, we're we're in phases of life that's changing. um almost empty neester seems like and and grandpa and grandma is like my goodness what's happening. Time just keeps ticking on and but it's a good it's a good phase to be in a yeah I'm enjoying it. Amen. So uh just have to put up with a few more aches and pains and things but as we get older and but uh also thank brother Tim and sister Angie and sister Allison for coming up and being with us this weekend. And it means a lot, you know, when home folks have traveled that far to come up and you're the one preaching. You know, I can understand brother Ron, brother Andrew is preaching. But Amen. It means a lot. Sure enjoyed those songs. Thank you, brother Tim. Amen. Markap 11 and verse 22. said, "And Jesus answered and said unto them, have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that what that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he has said shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I say unto you, what's what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. Amen. But he doesn't end it right there. He continues on. He says, "When you stand praying, forgive. If you have ought against any, that your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. But if you do not forgive, neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses." Amen. We let you be seated this evening. There's a thought that uh has been on my heart uh for this weekend. Just like to speak to you on faith that's based on forgiveness. Faith is based on forgiveness. Brother Brandham actually makes this statement in perfect faith. He said faith is based on forgiveness. He said as we said this morning, he preached that morning on how can I overcome? He says, "Trying to get I'm trying to get the church into a place to where we can really see apostolic times moving among us." That's what we all hunger for, but it's just laying right at the door. We see it, but we want more of it. How many wants more of it? Amen. We've seen miracles, but I I want them. I want more miracles. I I've seen healings. I've seen deliverances. I've seen baptisms. I I've seen all of these things, but I want more of it. We want such a flow that it'll help us. and flow out to others. Amen. But he made I thought that was a powerful statement that he would say it's based on forgiveness and and Jesus used this in the scripture. He began to speak about how that you say to your mountain. We we love that scripture and we quote it a lot and we want the power of spoken word. But that power is hinging on something is hinging on Amen. the forgiveness that you have in your heart for others. Amen. Things that sometimes we allow to lay there and we allow to fester and we we'll get into that. But God wants all of that out of our heart so then he can truly come down and use our vessel. Amen. Amen. This is what he would say in Matthew chapter 18 and verse 15 as we go through a few scriptures to kind of lay a foundation. Said, "Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone. And if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother." So I I I like how Jesus put that. Now, that was before Facebook or Instagram or any of that kind of stuff. Amen. That's that's sometimes where we like to put a lot of things. Amen. But he said, "Go and bring them between thee and him alone. But if he will not hear thee, then take three or one take with thee one or two more with them that in the mouth of three two or three witnesses, every word may be established." And and if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it to the church. But if he neglect to hear the church, let him be as a heathen man or a publican. He says, "Verily I say unto you, whatsoever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever you shall loose upon earth shall be loosed in heaven. And again I say that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, and it shall be done of them my father which is in heaven. For where two or three are gathered in his name or in my name, there I am in the midst." But then you know Peter came and he said, "Well, I got a question. Lord, how often shall my brother sin him against me and I forgive him till seven times? That's that's pretty big deal. I I didn't just forgive him once. I didn't just forgive him twice, but I went all the way to seven. He says, "Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king which taketh," let me back up. He said, Jesus said, "And I say not unto thee unto seven times, but until 70 times seven." Amen. 70 times seven. Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king which would take an account of his servants. And I won't won't read all this, but we know the story of how how this man was brought before him and he owed an insurmountable sum. It was unpayable debt. He couldn't pay the debt that he owed. I I done a study on it one time. It was somewhere around equivalent of today around two or three million. Now, if somebody come in and showed you all the receipts and all the things that you owed two or three a million dollars, I doubt very many of us could come up with that kind of money right now and pay that debt off. This is where that man was. And and he's looking at his children being thrown in jail and his wife being everything being taken from him. And he begins to cry out to the Lord and he begins to cry out to the king and he said, "Oh, king, forgive me." And and it moved the king's heart to where he came and he he wiped all of his debt away. He he wiped it all out. And he said, "This same man though, as he was forgiven, he walks out of the king's chambers and he goes right down. He walk, you know, kind of out of church and he goes right down into another place and he finds somebody that owed him a few dollars." And I I looked at that. It was about 17 bucks. That's not very much money. I I bet most of us could come up with that tonight. Amen. But this man owed him about $17. And he and the scripture says he grabbed him by the throat and he throwed him into jail. and and and and then King was told all about that and he was very wroth. Amen. He said, "How could somebody that was forgiven of so much hold something against somebody so little?" Amen. I think that's where we need to look at ourselves sometimes because we have been forgiven of so much. Amen. The King of Kings came down and he forgave us of so many sins and so many debts and so many things. There's no way we could have settled our books. There's not enough things we could have done to pay the penance and and to pay the debt that we owe. But he came down and he wrote it all off and he wrote it across in blood wrote letters. Amen. Forgiven. Amen. And then we walk right out and we hold little petty things against one another. We hold this thought against somebody and we hold this. Listen, God is wanting more out of us. He's wanting more. Amen. We want the spoken word. We need to get these things in our heart and say, "God, if there be anything that I've hid down in the depths of my heart that you'll forgive me and let me also forgive others." Cuz I want you to understand the forgiveness that you rece you give is the same forgiveness that you receive. This is what he said in the Lord's prayer. He said, "Father, forgive us as we forgive our debtors." So as we forgive, then we are forgiven. All right. Amen. So this man, he could, you know, he couldn't enjoy his freedom. He had freedom. He had forgiveness. But because of his unforgiveness towards somebody else, you know, when you fail to forgive someone, you become a prisoner to the past. Come on. Many hold unforgiveness thinking they if they if I forgive this person, it's going to let them off the wrong they done and they going to get off scot-free. No. If they have sinned and they have done wrong, they will give an account. But what forgiveness is not letting someone else go. It's letting you go. It's letting you be free from the prison that Satan wants to hold you in. Come on. Forgiveness is not letting somebody else go who had done wrong. It's letting you go. But see, unforgiveness, it keeps the pain fresh. It keeps it alive. It never lets the wound heal. Come on. I know where I'm at tonight. Then you go through life always reminding you of what's been done to you and what's somebody else and it's always there and you begin to accumulate bad feelings and then you begin to accumulate unforgiveness and it puts you in a prison of past and and it robs you of the joy of the present. Amen. When you forgive though, it opens the door of the prison and lets you out. Amen. Forgiveness sets you free from the past. Amen. Those that have sinned and done wrong, they're going to give an account. Come on. But if you continue to allow the offense and you never forgive, then you allow that person to continue to offend you the rest of your life. That's right. So unforgiveness, it accumulates. It accumulates bitterness. And then bitterness accumulates resentment. And the longer the offense is, Amen. not forgiven, the more you accumulate. Amen. The more you be, it begins to shape. You see, unforgiveness brings bitterness. Bitterness brings anger. Anger brings resentment. Now, I want to deal with resentment for just a moment because it's a very very uh interesting subject. Resentment is a complex emotion that can be described as a combination of anger, bitterness, disgust, disappointment, and disapproval. It's a reaction of being mistreated wrong by someone, whether that be real or perceived. That's right. Amen. Because there's some wrongs we take that really wasn't meant to be wrong, but it's how we perceive something. Amen. But I remember but the scripture talks about amen the root of bitterness in Hebrews 12 and verse14 it says follow peace with all men and holiness and without with with no man can see the Lord looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God lest any root of bitterness now not just bitterness but a root of bitterness this root signifies something that is deepseated it's an underlying issue that can grow and it won't be noticed Amen. How many goes out and looks at the roots? No. You look at the tree or the flowers or the plants that's up on top of the ground, but down underneath there's roots. Amen. And those roots are spread. And if that root of bitterness is left unchecked, it'll spread because that's what roots do. You know, it's also translated here as a bitter root. In other words, if the root is bitter, the fruit is also bitter. Amen. The root is not seen. It can grow. It can cause issues and and you'll not even realize that bitterness or resentment can fester in a person's heart and affect their life. It'll affect their their relationships negatively if not dealt with. Describing it as a root is showing that it's not just a fleeting emotion. Okay? It's not a fleeting emotion or feeling or something, but it's something that's ingrained into your attitude. Woo. Hallelujah. Amen. It can produce negative consequences. To overcome it, you have to constantly uproot it. You got to dig it out. Come on, buddy. Amen. I We're not talking about being surface Christians here. Anybody can be a surface Christian and they they can look like a Christian, act like a Christian at church, but deep down inside of them, they have resented something and it's holding them back. That's right. Amen. And they needing something more in their lives and they're wondering why I can't get why does it always leave? Why? Why is this always happening? Because that root is growing, growing, growing. But tonight, there's a sword that's being granted to you. That you can take the sword of the word and you can cut that root out. Maybe a preacher did you wrong. Maybe somebody did you wrong. But you can say, "God, I forgive them. I'm here to let it go." Oh, listen. It's time we let petty things go. It's time we lay aside all of it and we lay aside our our thoughts and what we think ought to be done or how we think it ought to be and we say, "God, this is your church. These are your people and you are doing the work in their lives. And if I got anything inside of me, cut it out." Listen, bitterness and resentment is not always towards someone, but many times people become bitter towards God. Bitter because their way their life has turned out. They they didn't want it to be that way or because of a prayer that seems to be unanswered. Come on. God allows you to go through valleys and trials to see how you're going to respond. You know, one day the children of Israel, they came through the Red Sea and God had brought them through a great victory. You know, in spite of all their doubt and unbelief. In spite of it all. Some of you are here in spite of it all. In spite of their doubts and in spite of their unbelief. In spite of all of that, God still opened up the sea. And he still took them across on dry land and he still destroyed their enemy. With just a few moments, they were screaming, "Why did you bring us out here? So we could die where there not graves in Egypt." But in spite of all of that, he still brought them through. I'm glad he's a God like that. In spite of my shortcomings, in spite of my faults, in spite of my doubts, in spite of my fears, he's still making a way through. [Applause] Oh, they came across that stream and they got on the other side and God just closed it in on the enemies and old task masters. He said, "Could you imagine the feeling that they felt when they looked back there and the very things that had whipped them and beat them, put stripes on them, pulled them out, pulled them down was now dead, floating in the sea." Woo! Hallelujah. He said, "Brother, when you come through the Red Sea of the blood of Jesus Christ, and you see all those dirty habits that drove you to do things you didn't want to do, and you find them dead in the blood of Jesus Christ, hallelujah, you see him floating down, head down in the stream. No wonder Moses got in the spirit. No wonder Miriam picked up a tambourine and started dancing down the street down the banks. Why? Their enemy was dead. In spite of it all, they were dead. Preach, buddy. But after the big song was over and the big shout they had and the big hallelujah big time, they started through the wilderness and he led them straight to bitter waters. Amen. Wow. Straight to bitter waters. Isn't that strange? He says right into temptation, right into a water that was so bitter they couldn't drink. They had nothing to eat, nothing to drink. The streams of Mara, bitter waters laid right in their path. looked like God could have bypassed that, but he led them straight to it. He said, "Some are through the water, some through the flood, some through deep trials, but all through the blood." That's God's way of leading his people. But how soon they begin to resent God for bringing them to that place? Like many today resent God for the situation they're in. They resent God for how their life has worked out or what's happened among them or what's going on. and they're resenting God for it. Here they go through the wilderness and after an oldfashioned meat and they're on their journey. He said, "Isn't it strange? They was led right to this place, a fountain of bitter waters. Could you imagine God taking children right after they got saved filled with the Holy Ghost to fountains of bitter waters?" Sure, he likes to express his love to them. Thank you, Lord. Well, I thought his love was expressed in the Red Sea. That's what the prophet of God said. He likes to express their his love to them at bitter waters. You know, when you get the Holy Ghost, you attend a lot of obstacles. The Bible says, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord God delivers them out of them all." God brings you right to it. Face it so he can show you his power and his goodness. He talks about a shepherd that that had a had a lamb over his shoulders and he had a broke leg. And somebody asked him said, "What happened? Did it fall off a cliff?" He said, "No, I broke it." He said, "Why would you do that?" He said, "Because it was not dependent on me anymore and it was getting too far out and so I've just broke its leg so I could show it a little more love." Hallelujah. Anyhow, we don't like no leg breakings, but sometimes God will snap the leg right out from under us. We be strutting around, got our heads in the cloud. Look what I've done. Look how I've overcome. And God said, "Hey, you're not trusting me enough." Snap. Why? Because he's wanting to show his love. He's a shepherd. Said, "God can do." He said, "Sometimes God will lay you on your back with a sickness and the doctor says you're going to die." God can. So, but God does that so he can give you a little special treatment and you'll love him a little more. I know the world don't understand that, but that's the way God operates. Amen. So, but we allow things to lay there. Brother Brandham talks about he talks about bitterness in a lot of places. You can do a study on that. He said, "Always try to do something good. Just keep being good." Well, we we'll get on to the shout material tomorrow. Okay. All right. Don't let any bitterness, no matter how bad the person is, how bad they talk about you, don't you ever think evil in your heart against them. Cuz right there is where the devil will get a hold of you and work something right there. Just keep it all covered up with God's love, confession, making right. Do good to those who do evil to you. Amen. If you only do good to those who do good to you, why you're just a publican or somebody a sinner does that. Anybody can be good to those that do good to them, but be good to those who are not good to you. Do something for those that would not do nothing for you. I know people get tore up. Well, we ain't never invited over anywhere. Well, why don't you start inviting people over to your house? Uh oh. I'm pastoring now, ain't it? Sorry. [Applause] Get all tore up. We ain't in the circle. Won't you just draw your circle a little bigger? Amen. Speak a good word for a man that would speak evil against you. And that way you keep all bitterness out of your heart. That's right. Ephesians 4:29 teaches, "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers." Come on now. And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed unto the day of redemption. Let all bitterness, wrath, and anger, and clamor, and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. Be ye kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you. But resentment sensing and brother Brandham deals with this in in a several couple ways and I just want to drop them in here because it's very powerful. He said if you got a resenting audience, the Holy Spirit won't even reveal. All right. You got to have things working together. We're supposed to be in one place and one accord. Then there come a sound from heaven. He said, "No matter how much I pray and I lay down day and night and I study and I'm walking before God and anointing on me and I walk out here and I feel that resentment, that just grieavves him away and he won't reveal anything." He said, "But when you walk down under the anointing and you feel the audience is also under the anointing, hallelujah." Amen. That's when the Holy Ghost begins to work. He begins to move and then he will do great things for us. That's why we got to get it keep it driven out of our midst and driven out of our hearts and driven out of our audience and driven out of our church. We can't allow some resenting spirit to come in and try to sit down and clamp down upon the mercies and grace of almighty God. He's wanting to reveal himself to us. You know, he said in one place he said it was a man and his wife. First time they ever come to one of my meetings, they were sitting in the audience and the lady came in and sat down by side of them. And the little lady resented that. And the lady was sitting close cuz she was, you know, she was in this woman's way. And this woman actually made her move back. Pretty bold, ain't it? Well, I've seen it. You're in my pew. I got my That's my seat. Hallelujah. Well, I seen I heard a resenting spirit right there. After a while, the little lady made her move back. And this woman that had to move back, she resented the woman. And the woman in front of her resented her, resented her. That's what he says. Amen. But she got to praying and she said, "Lord, I shouldn't have done that. Forgive me. I didn't mean to do that." Then the lady was in front that had resent her said, "Sister, I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have done that." And they were both sick. But just after a little bit after that was done, after that was done, I seen the angel of the Lord stand over them, called them by name, and healed them both. Hallelujah. Come on. And it sent them back home. Well, again, this is why we have to keep it out of our hearts. Well, I want the power of spoken word. Well, the power of spoken word you need is I forgive. That's right. Brother Brandon talks about Edmond Way said he was sitting in the audience and he said something brother Edmond didn't agree with or had some issue with and he started resenting what he said and he fell over with a heart attack. Amen. His wife even testified to that. They would they would actually come to my my dad's house as he was a young guy young boy and she would demonstrate it all and show exactly how it happened. He said, but he said she brother B said when he knelt down to pray for him he said of course the audience got all tore up and he said don't do that just stay still and see what God would do and he gets down and he said the wife spoke to him and said he was resenting what you're what you were saying come on said he was a real hotheaded Englishman you know and he resented that his wife was a wonderful Norwegian woman a nurse and was sitting there with him and I said something he resented it and they were standing on their feet and they were singing And when he did, his head went back. His eyes flipped right back and his face turned dark red and he fell dead on the floor. And his wife got down and tested his heart and he was gone. She began screaming. I said, "Sister, wait a minute. I'll get out of the pool pit. We don't know what the father has has here." And he he's trying to keep it there very still. And and he said, "Maybe maybe God did this for a purpose." And she said he and she said, "He whispered she whispered and said, he whispered to me that he was resenting what you said." And I said, "He ought not to have done that." But I said, "Heavenly Father, forgive brother Wayey." He didn't mean to do that. And I called for his spirit to return. And he said, "Brother Bradam, listen, I'm not I I pray nobody falls dead with a heart attack." But listen, Satan puts that resentment on you and it will give you a spiritually heart seizure and your heart will harden and and it will turn to where blood can't flow and and the blood can't flow to the rest of the body. Why? Because you resented what was said from the pull pit or you resented what you heard, amen, from the angel of God ministering there in the pullpit. Listen, we ought to be very honest before God tonight and say, "God, I don't want to have that attitude. I don't I don't want to have no kind of thing against nobody, anybody. I don't even want to have it against the mailman, the UPA. Why? I don't want nothing against nobody. I want to drive it all out of my life, Father, that the word can be made manifest. Hallelujah. So, unforgiveness brings bitterness. Bitterness brings anger. Anger brings resentment. But I want you to understand, forgiveness also accumulates. It washes bitterness away and anger away and resentment away and it accumulates love and joy and peace and goodness and gentleness. Unforgiveness though gives a devil an open door. But we must close that door and forgive. Amen. To forgive is to turn the key and open the cell door and let the prisoner out. You to forgive is to bundle up all the garbage and dispose of it, leaving the house clean and fresh. To forgive is to relax a strangle hold on a wrestling opponent and give him his life. To forgive is to sand blast the walls of graffiti, leaving it looking like new. Forgiveness is so important. It's right at the right at the center of your spiritual well-being. That's right. Yes. He said, you know, he said, you know what a blessing is? Do something for somebody else. People get bitter because the preacher didn't come see them at the hospital. People get bitter over a lot of things. I can go through a whole list. We always want our own self petted. We want our own self, you know, you know, we just just just right. Amen. Brother Ron didn't shake my hand today. You know, that's what that's that song, excuses, excuses. I hear them every day. Ever heard that song? Anybody ever heard it? Well, the preacher didn't even shake my hand. So, we got we got excuse. You know, there was one time my papa told this. He said, he said there was a family stayed home from church and they asked him, "Well, why what what was going?" He said, "Well, we was out of peanut butter." Said, "Out of peanut butter? What's that got to do with going to church?" Well, just as good as one excuse as it is another. Didn't really have a good excuse. Hallelujah. But some people get so tore up about little things and they allow it to sit there. Yeah. said, "If you have a neighbor or somebody that's done you injustice, remember this for me. Don't ever turn him down. Take him to God in prayer and see what different attitude you'll have." Hallelujah. If you're sincere in your prayer, you'll stand shoulder-to-shoulder with him. Though he's done you wrong, you'll take that man to God and stand there in the presence of the father one time. Father, my neighbor here has done me wrong, but I get watch. When you go to tell him is wrong, it'll not only help him, but it also help you to the father. Not to Facebook, to the father. Watch what he go tell him is wrong. It not only help him, but it'll help you. And you'll see what he's been through and the temptation and it'll change your attitude towards that brother. It'll help him also. You always are doing good when you're praying one for the other. See, the devil can keep us separated. He's got us shooting at one another. So, he's got an open target anywhere he wants to shoot. What's the use of shooting? We're shooting one another. He can just sit back and relax. He said, "But if I have found grace in your sight through God, you take my word for this." Well, I think we ought to pay attention. If you want to be a blessing and get a blessing, how many wants that? When a man has done you wrong, he's absolutely I mean, he's done you wrong and you know he's done you wrong. He's done you evil. Don't mention that. Amen. You take him to prayer before God and don't take it in a selfish way and say, "Well, I'm just supposed to do this." But stand with your shoulder to his shoulder and stand in the presence of our father. A way a prayer should make be made in the presence of God. Father, here's my brother. He may deserve punishment. What he's done is evil. I don't see why he's done it, but let God go to talk to you. Then maybe you'll see what that man's been through. Right. The devil has twisted him up somewhere and caused him to do that. Though he's absolutely wrong. Before you leave the throne of God, you'll be feeling sorry for that man. You'll be sympathizing with him. And when you get back down to earth again, you'll go over that brother and shake his hand because you know what he's been through. You cannot stand with a mortal in the presence of God and condemn anybody. I don't believe. No, sir. Even if he's a rank sinner, right? What about a brother that's made a mistake? Though I say he's wrong, sometimes he's accused of wrong and he ain't done wrong. But if he is wrong, if we'll take him to the throne of God and stand there shoulderto-shoulder with our brother, knowing he's a mortal and maybe his destination rest upon our attitude towards him. Wow. When we come back from the throne of God, we'll realize we're everyone guilty. And we all need help. We all need help. He said, "We must respect each other and love each other and show respect." He said, "Listen, listen. What showing respect one another do?" Watch this. This is incredible. I believe it was a few nights here ago somewhere there was a woman. I believe she was from Jamaica. All right? So, I believe that was in Jamaica that she was sitting there and she gave a place. She was crippled, but she gave a place, respected a woman who had a heart trouble and she gave her place in line. Wow. She need had a need, but she gave this woman her place in line and the Holy Spirit saw it. And because she did that, the Holy Spirit came back around and healed her. see love and and love and show respect to one another. If you want God to hear your prayer, if you want God to send an angel to your home, live right, do right, treat everybody right, be right before God, and God will grant that to you cuz you don't know what's beneath beneath that little old skin sitting there. The Holy Spirit may be tabernacle behind skin. Amen. We must be brothers. We must treat them right. No matter if he is wrong, still treat him nice. Oh, it's hard to do. I'm not saying it's easy, but that's what the Bible says. Do you must be Christians full of love, ready to help any race, color, creed, anywhere, any time. We must be the way that's Christians, cuz somebody's watching your life. Be honest. Let your dealings be fair and square. Don't take nothing that doesn't belong to you. You know, we don't have to be the one that always comes up on out on top on deals. [Music] Hallelujah. Anyhow, treat everybody right. And if they don't treat you right, you treat them right anyhow. Jesus treated us right when we didn't treat him right. Come on, somebody. Do unto others as you'd have them do unto you. It's scripture. If you don't like what I'm preaching tonight, you can blame him. But there goes that resentment again. Need to deal with it. [Applause] Get that thing out of your heart. It ain't worth staying here for. There ain't nothing that's worth staying here for. This tree is bound for glory. [Applause] John 13:34 says, "A new commandment I give unto you that you love one another." That's a commandment that from Jesus, red letter, "that you love one another as I have loved you." Uhoh. Amen. that you also love one another. By this shall all men know that you are my disciples. Ain't that something? Not by speaking to storms and squirrels into existence. I'm not That was powerful. I'm not making fun of that, making light of it. I'm just saying by this others will know who you really are. Amen. That's John 15:12 said, "This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love hath no man than this than a man lay down his life for his friends. And you are my friends and ye do whatsoever I command you. You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit shall remain that whatsoever you ask of the Father in my name, he may give it to you. These things I command you, that you love one another. 1 Thessalonians 4:9 said, "But as touching brotherly love, you need not that I write unto you. For ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another." 1 Peter 1:22, "See, and you have purified your souls, and obeying the truth of the spirit under unfame love of the brother. See that you love one another with a pure heart, fervently, being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. 1 John 3:11 said, "For this is the message that you've heard from the beginning, that you should love one another, not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother by his words." No doubt he told Abel, "I love you, buddy." Put his arm around him that morning. Boy, it's so good to go to church with you this morning. It's so wonderful. I can't wait to see what God's going to do. I love you, Abel. That's what he said. Not as Cain that you love one another. Not as Cain who slew his brother. His words said one thing, but his deed said another. And whoso and who wherefore slew he him because his own works are evil and his brother's righteousnesses marvel not my brother. If the world hates you, you know that we passed from death unto life because we love the brethren. Huh? You know that we have passed from death unto life because we have the spoken word. Because because we love the brethren, right? And he that loveth not his brother abideth in death. Amen. And whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer. And you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him. Hereby receive we the love of God. Because he laid down his life for us. We ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. And he goes on in verse 18, "My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue, but in deed and in truth. Love one another above everything." thing. Brother Brandham says, "Love one another." No matter what the devil tries to say, he's always whispering in your ear. Well, brother so and so, he don't like you or this one don't like. No matter what the devil says, you said you you great big sweet group, but remember my warning. Satan won't let it stay that way. He'll shoot everything if he has to bring somebody in and make him his target. He'll bring some critic or unbeliever in, set him down, and cause him to fellowship with you under the quietness and things. And then he'll shoot that guy some kind of poison stuff, and he'll start through the church with it. Don't you take sides with it. Don't you take sides with it. Don't you have nothing to do with anything else. You stay right, loving, sweet, kind to one another. Pray for that man that he can be saved or that woman, whoever it is. Pray for them. But stick with one another and stay with your pastor. Give him the respects. Oh, the enemy will come. He's going to come. He's going to tell. But when he does, you cling that much closer together. The one the devil is using for an enemy will either get out or he'll come in. Don't ever clan among one another talk or make yourself clanish. We are one. Left hand. I'm I couldn't say left hand. I'm mad at you. I'm going to take you away cuz you're not the right hand. No, he's my left hand. I want him to stay there. I need him. I couldn't say the little tip of my finger. I I want you to stay right. I I I don't need No, I need that little finger. God wants us as a body of believers to stay right exactly with one another. Right with one another. Now understand, amen. We are a body. We're the body of Christ, right? So, but all not all of us can be the right hand or not all of us can be the left hand. Not all of us can be the ears or the mouth or or the, you know, the glorious parts. Some of us are the unseen parts. But we're all important. You can't live without your liver. You can't live without your kidneys. You can't live without your heart. [Applause] It ain't ever seen. Don't ever pay no attention to it unless something goes wrong with it. Then you start paying attention to it. But boy, you thumb you hit that little thumb right there and you'll pay attention to that for a long time. It ain't no saying say something sticks out like a sore liver. Stick out like a sore thumb. But not all of us can be the thumb. You might feel like and you might be the skin on the bottom of the feet, but at least you're part of the body. And even the skin is important to the body. How many has had ever had some trouble with the skin on your bottom of your feet? Get some kind of issue that that ain't fun. You can't hardly walk. It hurts. You scream. Everything makes your whole body go whack. Amen. It's important. But I can tell you if you feel like that this evening that you're just a skin and nobody everybody walks on me. Everybody don't care about that's who I am. I'm just a skin on the bottom of his feet. Well, I can tell you this. When that body came down and he put one foot upon the land and one foot upon the sea and you're just a skin on the bottom of his feet, every devil is still under you. I said every devil is still under you. Every part is important. You may not be the piano player or the drum player or the song leader. You may not be one of the ministers. You might be a prayer warrior in your closet calling upon God. We need every part of the body. Those that are seen and those that are unseen. The devil's the one that wants to minimize you in your part. It ain't brother Andrew, brother Ron, or anybody else. The devil's whispering in your ear. Well, nobody cares. Nobody understand. Nobody sees me. Well, he sees me. That's all that matters. It doesn't really matter if I get man's applause or I get somebody patting me on the back. Who are we? We ain't some hot bed planted and we got to be sprayed and we got to be tended professional. We got That's not who we are. We're certified seeds of God for ordained before the foundation of the world. There can come a drought. There can come a sunshine. And it scorched the living to out of us. We'll still raise our hands and praise God anyhow. Make them a storm. It doesn't matter. Hallelujah. Anyhow, oh, what time? I'm going have to hurry. He says, "We're in the last days where the Bible says we should love one another with Christian love and divine love to assemble ourselves together, even the much more as you see that day approaching." Listen, I don't care what excuse you have on that day, it won't be good enough. If you happen to be one of those that have to stand on the white throne judgment, there won't be an excuse one that's going to be good enough. Amen. He says if the brother or some sister say done you wrong, say, "Lord, don't ever let me have a root of bitterness spring up." Amen. Cuz it'll affect my life. It'll take Christ right out of it. Those poison acids of malice and jealousy and hatred, that'll take the Holy Spirit right away from you. It'll run him from the tabernacle here. Amen. It'll kill the spirit of God. a driveway to hurt your pastor, do everything. Don't do that. Just wax that much closer together. Move right up close to one another. Love one another. Talk nice about one another. Say nice things about one another. And then God will bless you. [Applause] Brother Brandon, one time come into a restaurant. He walks in, he little jukebox playing. This woman had her arms around this older woman had his arms around a policeman. He looks at that and he's like, "God, how can you take this? Why don't you just strike it all off?" God said, "Come, come on, come over here. Let me talk to you just a minute." He pulls him over into a corner and he begins to see a vision of the earth. And around the earth was this red stream of blood and sins were going up and it was hitting that hitting it. And he asked him, he said, "Is that the world's sins?" He said, "No, that's your sins." That's kind of choking right there because the prophet sins. What about my sins? What about my mistakes? What about my failures? And he says he saw him as he reached down and it was smacking him and he was hitting the body of Jesus and he saw him reach down that blood with finger and wipe across there forgiven pardon. He said now I have forgiven you and yet you want to condemn her. Listen, it's easy in the world we live in to condemn a lot of people. It's a good thing we don't have the spoken word. That's right. We'd speak a lot of them out of existence. Come on now. I'm being real. You know, there's a pet peeve of mine when I'm on the interstate. I can't stand nobody in the left lane that's just poking around. [Applause] I can get pretty bitter about that. I can get tore up. I can get all mad and angry. Well, I'm going 70 miles an hour. That's the speed limit. That's I can get on a tangent on that. I got to stay off [Laughter] [Music] Ah, hallelujah. Anyhow, there's all kind of things that we got. Little stuff that gets on our nerves. Might be different for you. You might be the one riding in the left lane. I don't know. [Applause] But I can promise you, it's come over me several times. If I had this power of the spoken word, this dude would be over in Chicago somewhere. He'd be wondering what happened to me. Lord, we hold we see and we see stuff that just grieves us and we wonder, God, how come you ain't struck this all off? And we God, just move it all out of here. But he can't because there's a stream of blood. And I'm thankful for that stream. I'm thankful that stream is there because I still make mistakes and I still have failures. But thank God my sins go and he just writes them off. Pardon. Pardon. Well, if God's done that for you, how can you hold something against somebody? How can you allow it to sit there and fester? It's time some of you dip a finger in the blood of Jesus and say, "God, I'm writing pardon over that. Forgive it. I'm letting it go. I ain't going another service with it. I ain't going another moment with it, but it's leaving me in Jesus name. Some have been dealt really hard cases where people have molested them and people have done wrong to them. And and I'm not saying that they are going to get away from it. They or get away with it. They're not going to get away with it. They are going to pay for their transgressions. But if you can say, "God, I forgive them. I let it go." You will be the one who sets free tonight. You'll be the one that chains fall off and you can walk away from it and and be free in the name of Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. He walked over to that woman. He said, "I got something to say to you, ma'am." He says, "I was I got apologized." Could you imagine? I gota apologized about something. What's that, sir? He said, "Well, I'm a preacher. I I come in here and I saw you and that and he said I I I started condemning you in my heart. Said God dealt with me about it and he said I just want to ask you to forgive me. You know what that did? It changed everything. That woman began to say, "Well, you know, I once walked with him. I once did right, but I I went down the wrong road. And I'm asking you right now, will you lead me back to him?" And he said it turned that little junk honky tonk into a prayer meeting room and he led them back to the Lord Jesus Christ. Listen what happened. It his attitude had to change first. [Applause] Sometimes we get so resentful towards God about our children and how things have turned out. Listen, your attitude has to change first. Amen. that God can be merciful and God can move. Yes. Amen. But our attitude's got to be God. I know I've done all you. The devil wants to come over some of your parents and say, "Well, if you'd have did this and you'd have done that and you'd have done this, it'd have been a lot different." Maybe so. Maybe you did make a lot of mistakes, but there's a God that's rich in mercy. Amen. There's a God that can override a lot of dumb decisions and a lot of dumb ideas. Amen. There's a God that can go down if you'll just say, "God, I give it over to you. I'm not going to be resentful about it. I I'm not going to have bitterness in my heart about it. I'm going to lay it at your feet. Mercy. He says, and I want to go I want to go into one thing before we bring this down. I want to turn to 2 Kings 4 and verse 8. Faith based on forgiveness. Let me see if I'm in the right place. Yes. Verse eight said, "It fell on the day that Elisha passed through Shunam. Where was a great woman?" Boy, that's amazing, huh? Scripture never called her by name, but it said who she was. A great woman. and she constrained him to eat bread. And so it was that often as he passed by, he turned in the other to eat bread. She said, "Behold now, perceive this man as a holy man of God, which passes by us continually. Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, and on the wall, and let let us set for him there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick, and it shall be that he cometh to us, he shall turn in thither." And it fell on the day that he came, and he turned into the chamber and lay there. He said to Gahes, I called the Shounomite woman. And when he called her, he stood before him and said, "Say now unto her, behold, thou has been careful for us with all this care, and what can be done for you? What is thou be what could I speak to the king or the captain of the host for you?" She answered, "I dwell among my own people." And he said, "Well, then it's to be done what is to be done." And Gesa answered, said, "Verily, she has no child and her husband is old." And he said, "Call her." And when he called, she stood in the door and she said, he said, "About this season, according to the time of life, thou shalt embrace a son." She said, "Name my Lord, thou man of God, don't don't lie to him, thy handmade." But the woman conceived, see, in spite of her doubts, "And bear a son at the season that Elisha said unto her, according to the time of life." And we go on to read the story, and it turns into a very tragic one for a moment. Yeah. where he's out in the field and he grabs his head and and he said, "My head, my head." And they carried him to the mother and then they took him in there and she lay he laid on her knees till noon and he died. Boy, you're talking about a time that you could let bitterness set in. He gave me this son and now all of a sudden he's gone. Amen. He gave me this. I wasn't even I I I didn't have no hope of this happening. It wasn't my idea. This is a prophet. This is a prophet Elisha. He He spoke the words. He She could have The devil could have got in that moment and turned her down the wrong path. But she was a great woman. And God was going to do great things for her if she would keep the right attitude. And here she goes. She says, "Go get me a a donkey. Get me in my saddle. Get it all. Get together. I got to go find the man of God. And she goes after him. And and Elisha sees her coming from a ways off. And he sends Eli his servant down there and said, "Go ask her, is it well with thee? Is it well with thy house? Is it well with thy son?" Covered it all. She could have answered in a in a way said, "You know what? Yeah. No, it's not well. What are you talking about? I'm coming here because he died. You gave him to him. Now he's gone." No, that wasn't her response. She said, "It is well." It is well. It was it was faith that had led her to that place and she didn't allow bitterness to accumulate or unforgiveness or or some root there to start growing and she could have become angry and all these things could have been built and it could accumulate. But no, she kept all of that clean to where she could respond. It is well in my eyes. It may not look well, but it doesn't matter what I can say. It matters what you say. Hallelujah. And he goes and we know the story when and the Lord brought him back to life. But the story don't end there. 2 Kings 8 and verse one. Then spake Elisha unto the woman whose son he restored to life, saying, "Arise, and go in thine household, and sojourn whatsoever thou can sojourn. For the Lord has called a famine, and it shall also come upon the land seven years." Notice seven years. And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of God, and she went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the Philistines, seven years. And it came to pass at the seven years end that the woman returned out of the land of the Philistines, she went forth to cry unto the king for her house and for her land. Yes. Okay. To be restored. And the king talking was talking with Gaze of the servant, the man of God, saying, "Tell me, I pray thee, all the great things that Elisha has done." And it came to pass as he was telling the king how he restored a dead body to life, that behold, the very woman whose son he had restored to life, cried to the king for a house and for her land. And the servant said, "Oh king, this is the woman, this is her son whom Elisha restored to life." Now, what would have happened if she'd allowed bitterness to come into her heart? Come on, buddy. what had allow happened to her if she'd allowed unforgiveness to come and that son would have just been buried and now gone seven years. But because she allowed herself to stay clean of all of that and God restored her son when it came time to restore everything else. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I'm looking at another woman tonight. Amen. a woman that's been coming up through seven church ages, but we are in the time of the restoration of all things. And we're not standing here by oursel. It's not our own testimony. It's not who we are. There's a son standing by us. Hallelujah. Why? Because we have kept bitterness out of our heart and we kept unbelief out of our heart. And God will restore everything the devil took from you. Hallelujah. You might have been in a famine. You might have feel like you hadn't felt a move in a spirit in a long time. But if you'll keep your heart clean and you'll keep your mind pure and you'll keep your thoughts on Jesus Christ. Amen. He will produce something in your life that'll restore everything back to you. Woo. Hallelujah. I'm looking at a church that the what palmer worm and the locust worm, everything is stripped off, but the life of Jesus Christ has come back into her again. And now we can cry for our sons. We can cry for our daughters. We can cry for every promise. Everything in the famine has took off and and the worms have destroyed. We can stand in our promised land and say, "I want it all back. Hallelujah. I want my inheritance back. I want what God gave me back. I'm not leaving a hoof behind, but I'm walking out of here in the presence of almighty God. Amen. And the king appointed to her certain officer and said, "Restore all that was hers." Woo. Hallelujah. and all the fruits of the field since the day she left the land until now. Listen, it wasn't just her land she got back, just her house she got back. She got every fruit that was bore while she was gone. That's right. Every grape, every olive, every one of them that was taken from that land was given back. Why? Because she had the son. Why can we stand on the word of God and proclaim the liberties of Jesus Christ and demand the devil to give everything that we own back? Why can we do that? Because we have the son. His life living on the inside of us is the reason we can stand upon the word and speak to our mountain. That's why the devil wants to come and cram bitterness down and unforgiveness down and every kind of other thing, resentments down your throat and down into your heart. Why? Because he's trying to keep that that power from coming on the inside of you. That's why we That's why I'm I'm preaching this tonight because I want you to understand one thing. Amen. You we always say, "Well, we got the Holy Ghost. We got the What is the Holy Ghost doing in your life? How is it operating? How's the rubber really hitting the road?" I wonder how many can say tonight, Lord, I I want to examine myself by your word. If there be any wicked way in me, I want it to be cut out of my life. If I have any little alt in my heart, Lord, just come down with your word and just let let me just uh you know, like that woman, you know, we're like sometimes like that woman that, you know, invited invited the guest. She didn't realize it was the Lord Jesus come to her li her home and she would open up certain doors. Oh, don't go in that door. No, don't go in. Why? She had hid all those things in there. Listen, we need to open up every door of our heart. Can we do that tonight? Music, musicians can come. Can we do that tonight? Can we open up every door? Maybe most services you open up three, maybe you open up two, maybe one, but tonight, can you open up every door? Every closet, well, there's a lot of skeletons in there. Well, let's have a house cleaning. Let's get them out. Well, there's some some malt over there, brother. I don't I I I can't I just can't let let it go. There's nothing worth staying here for. You're not going to leave with that bitterness. You're not going to leave with that unforgiveness. It ain't going to just magically drop off of you on rapture day. No, it's going to come now when you take the word and say, "God, I'm sick of this thing holding my life. I'm sick of this thing guiding me and leading me in my emotional realms and my spiritual life. And I I allow it. I can't get the freedom I want. I can't get the deliverance because I it always goes back. What about this? What about that? What about what this said? What about that said? Tonight's the night. It's all coming out. Come on, somebody. You know you need more than what you got. You know you need more than what you need more than just some emotional thing. We need the power of a Pentecost that came down and it changed Peter from a cussing preacher into a son of God that he could walk down the streets of Jerusalem and preach without fear, without favor, and 3,000 souls would come to God. Amen. He might not come in you and make you a preacher, but he'll come in you and make you a Christian. He'll make you a good person, a good worker, a good boss man that knows how to treat people. He'll make you a good man that knows how to treat your wife. He'll make you a good wife that knows how to treat your husband. He'll make you good parents and know how to treat your children. He'll make you good children know how to treat your parents. Hallelujah. This is what we [Applause] [Music] need. Let's buy our hearts. [Music] I don't know. Let's have a good soul searching time tonight. Lord, if there be any darkness in me, there be anything, Lord, that I've held, let me let it go. Some of you kids are hold resentment toward your parents. It's time to let it go. [Music] Some of you has held resentment towards your mom and dad. Older people even is still mad at your mom and dad about something. It's time to let it go. Well, I just didn't like the way Brother Ron preached last Sunday. It's time to let it [Music] go. Lay it down. But God, I cleanse my heart. Oh God, make me more like you. [Music] Maybe we just have an old fashioned altar service tonight. If you know down in your heart that you need more of God, I invite you here tonight. I want more of him. I got some spots, Brother Timothy, I want to I want to just get the bristle of the word and just scrub it out. Got some places I just need to lay open before him. Me, just me and Jesus. It's me and Jesus. [Music] It's me too, Lord. It's me too, [Music] Lord. Father, you see it tonight, Lord. I I would struggle just to come to this moment, Lord, but just seeing it being orchestrated the spirit of God. [Music] Lord, I I've laid it out there as best as I can and my heart just not easy sometimes to preach things like this, but Lord, we just want to be sensitive to you and how you like to operate, Lord. Lord, we just ask now that Lord, as people open their hearts, that Lord, to you as a gentleman just come down and walk through every closet, that they open every place. Lord, it might be a struggle for a moment, but they'll realize they're giving up a lot less than what they're getting. Lord, they can let that bitterness to go and receive the love of God in their heart. They're getting so much more real fruit, pleasant to the eyes of Almighty God. Now, Satan, you and your bitterness and you and your resentment and unforgiveness, I curse you in the name of Jesus Christ. In the name of the Lord, you leave this building and these people. Lord, let the love, the perfect love of God just flow through here, Lord, flow through every heart and wash us, Lord, tonight. Wash every channel. Wash every place, Lord. If we've been bitter towards you about something, forgive us, Father. We've allowed things to build up and we allow things that we carry for years and generations. Lord, if we ain't careful, we'll pass them on to the next generation. But Lord, may there be somebody here tonight said, "I'm going to break the cycle. I I'm not carrying it on to the next one. I I'm laying it at Jesus' feet. It stops with me." Jesus name we pray. Lord, we commit this to you Lord for your glory and for your honor in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] It stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Holy all creation cries. [Music] Holy you are lifted high. Holy holy forever. [Music] If you've been forgi and if you've been redeemed, will sing the song forever to the lamb. Oh, and if you walk in freedom, and if you bear his name, oh, sing the song forever into the lamb. Oh, we'll sing the song forever and amen. And the angels cry, [Applause] "Holy all creation Christ holy. You are lifted high. [Music] Holy, oh, holy [Music] forever, your name is the highest. Your name, it's the greatest. your name. It stands above them all. Well, all thrones and dominions, all powers and position your name. It stands above them all. Jesus, your name, your name is the highest. Your name, it's the greatest. Your name, it stands above him all. All thrones, all thrones and dominions, all high and position your name. Yes, it stands above them all. And the angels cry, "Ohy, all creation [Music] cries. Holy. Oh hallelujah. Lift the name of Jesus higher. Oh, holy [Music] forever. Your name, it's the highest. Your name, it's the greatest. your [Music] name. It stands above them all. All thr power and position your name. Yes, it stands above them all. Jesus, your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name it saints above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and positions. Come on Jesus, we exalt the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Your name is the highest. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. your name. Yes, you stand above him all thrones, all thrones and dominions. All power and position your name. Yes, it stands above the B and the angels [Music] cry. Oh, [Music] holy all creation cries. Holy you are lifted [Music] high [Music] forever. Hallelujah. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. How many can say that right here, right now? Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees and worship your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Music] now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, we lift our hands and bow our knees in worship at your [Music] throne. I need you, Lord, right now. Say, have your way. Oh, have your way. Just have your way right now. God, have your way. Oh, just have your way. Just have your way right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees and worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I give myself away, oh God. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, here I am. Here. [Music] to [Applause] see. Oh, your desires reveal to me. Oh, I give myself away. [Applause] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, my life is not my own to I belong. I give myself I give myself to you Lord. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you Lord. My life is not my own. To you I [Music] belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I surrender all to you. Well, everything I give to you. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing I surrender. Will I surrender all to you? Everything I give to [Music] you. Just give yourself away. All of it right now. Holding nothing. Give all your bitterness to him. I surrender all all my resentment, all my pain, everything. Everything I give to you. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you Lord. Oh my life. Hallelujah. To you I belong. I give myself. Glory be to God. Oh yes. My life is not my own. To my belong. [Music] Healing rain is coming down. It's coming nearer to this old town. The rich and poor, the weak and strong. It's springing mercy. It won't be long. Oh, healing [Music] rain. It's coming down. It's coming [Music] closer to the lost and found. Oh, tears of joy and tears of [Applause] shame are washed forever in Jesus name. Oh healing rain, it comes with fire. Don't let it fall and take us higher. Oh healing rain, I'm not [Music] afraid to be washed in heaven's rain. So lift your [Applause] [Music] hands. Let us return to mercy se where time began. [Applause] And in your eyes, I see the pain. Come open my heart with healing grace. And only you, the son of [Music] man, could take a leer and let him stand. So lift your hands. They can be held. [Music] My son greater the great I am. Oh healing rain. It comes with fire. So let it fall and take us high. Oh healing rain, I'm not afraid to be washed in heaven's rain. And healing rain it's falling down. Oh, healing rain it's fall. I'm not Jesus. Healing rain, it's falling down. Oh, healing rain, it's falling down. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Oh, healing rain is falling down. Oh, healing rain is falling down. I'm not [Music] afraid. I'm not afraid. Healing rain is falling down. Oh, healing rain is falling down. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Healing rain is falling down. Oh, healing great is falling down. I'm not [Music] afraid. I'm not afraid. Oh, healing rain, it's falling down. Oh, healing rain, it's falling down. I'm not afraid. Oh, healing rain is [Music] falling. I'm not afraid. Come [Music] on, lift your voices. Healing [Music] rain. I say it. Say it. Say it to your Lord. I'm not [Music] afraid. I'm not afraid. Healing rain is falling down. Oh, healing rain is falling down. I'm not [Music] afraid. I'm not [Music] afraid. Where would I be? God only knows. I'm glad you [Music] see through eyes of Lord a holy space an empty surface. If not for [Applause] grace, where would I be? [Music] You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hope is gaze and empty space. If not for grace. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turn me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me, oh Lord, your word of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. and all the honor and all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] It makes me want to [Music] shout and all the honor and all the [Music] praise. Hallelujah. Why should I feel no discourage? And why should the shadows come? [Music] Oh, and why should my heart feel so lonely? Oh, and long for heaven and home. Oh Jesus is my portion. Thank you Jesus. Oh my God constant free is yes. Oh, his eye is on the SP. Oh, I know that he watches over me. Thank you, Lord. Oh, so I sing. Oh, because I am happy. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, and I sing because I am free. is high. It is [Music] all I know. And he watches. He watches over me. It's my soul. So I see. Oh, because I am [Applause] happy I see because I am free. Thank you Lord. Oh is high. is all on the [Applause] [Music] SP and I know he watches over me. Oh, live not your heart. Oh, trouble. [Music] is still the word I [Music] [Applause] hearing all his goodness. Hallelujah. Oh, I lose all my doubts and all my [Applause] fears. Oh, oh, by the path. Oh, he leading. Oh, come on, somebody. Open one. One step I may see. Yes, he is. Oh, he is high. He is all on the spell. And I know you're thankful that you can say that I know that he's watching over me. Hallelujah. Oh, and I see. Oh, because I am happy. Is anybody in here able to sing? Because the Lord's made them happy. Because I am free. Yes, I am. He is high. It is all on the SP. Oh, and I know. Anybody else want to sing it one more time tonight and bless the name of the Lord Jesus? So I sing. Let me hear [Music] you. Because I am happy. Oh, I sing because I am free. Glory to God. Oh, he's high. It is all on the [Music] SP and I know he watches over me. So I sing because I am happy and I sing because I am free. hold his eyes, his home on the [Music] sparrow. And I know that he watches over me. Yes, I sing because I am happy and I sing because I am free. Oh, is high is all the sparrow. And I know that he watches over me. And I sing because I am [Music] happy. And I sing because I am free. Yes, I am. is high. His home. How many wants to take time to give God a praise in here? Because I am [Music] happy. And I sing because I am free. Yes, I am. all the time. His soul will spell and I know that he watches over me one more time. So I sing because I am happy and I sing because I am free. Hallelujah. is high. He is on the SP. And I know that he watches over me. Oh, I sing because I am happy. Yes, I sing because I am free. Yes, I am. Oh, time is on the spell. And I know that he watches over me. Well, I said I was going to tell nobody, but I could keep it to myself. I could keep it to myself. I could keep it to myself. And I won't tell nobody what I could keep it to myself what the Lord had done for me. You ought to be there when he saved my soul. You ought to be there. When I saw my name on the road, I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I saw shout thou would the Lord had. Y'all ought to have been in that service down there on that Saturday night when that preacher got to preaching about bitterness and resentment. And I tell you, all of a sudden, the Holy Ghost come by my way. And all of a sudden, the burdens begin to roll off of my life. I tell you, you ought been there. If you missed it, you ought been there. You ought to have been there because I recognize it was simply the devil that was trying to keep me from my blessing. Well, what are you talking about? You ought to be there when I saw my name on the road. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting out the Lord. [Music] Well, I said I was going to shout for joy, but I couldn't keep it to myself. I could keep it to myself. I could keep it to myself. Said I was going to shout for joy, but I could keep it to myself. But the Lord had done for me. You ought to be there when you save my soul. I tell you it was a great time when I saw my name on the road. I saw I started [Music] singing. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. How many could say the burdens have been lifted? You feel a little bit higher, don't you? You feel a little bit lighter, don't you? That's the power of forgiveness. You don't have to forgive yourself. He already forgave you. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I bless you, brother Timothy. God bless you, brother Timothy. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many appreciate the word of the Lord tonight? Amen. My goodness. My goodness. What a meeting tonight. The Lord is so good. Hallelujah. Maybe K. Hallelujah. Get ready to be dismissed. Go in the name of the Lord. Come back in the morning. Service tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. Hallelujah. How many come come tonight and got a blessing? From the bottom of your heart, got a blessing. The Lord spoke to you. Amen. I know he spoke to my heart. Amen. I love you, [Music] Lord. And I lift my voice to [Music] worship you. You, oh my [Music] soul, rejoice. Take joy in my king in what you hear. Oh, may it be a sweet. Oh, before before I let you be dismissed, I just I need to make this announcement. Tomorrow after service, we're going to be having a baptismal for brother Chester's sister, Sister Cynthia here. She's come, she's been attending brother Mark Spencer's church there in Christiansburg and desires to be baptized. But we want to just make mention we're going to have we're going to have baptism tomorrow and then on June the 1st we're going to be having a baptism uh down here in the river in Elton. So if anybody is praying about if anybody's praying about being baptized, the scripture says, "What do hinder you?" There's water right here. So we want everybody to to be a part of these things. If the Lord has been dealing with you, no matter how old you are, no matter how young you are, if the Lord is stirring your hearts, we want you to come. It is the most precious thing that you can do in this life is to take away the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're going to let you be dismissed tonight. Go in the name of the Lord. God richly bless you. We'll see you in the morning. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
