################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - "The Flaw" - Bro. Ron Spencer on May 25th, 2025 - Ron Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   "The Flaw" - Bro. Ron Spencer on May 25th, 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfWCUwx8VHg
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Well, I'm as happy as a bird, just as [Music] Sadness. Oh spirit s comfort her abide with me. Oh he abide. Oh he abide. Oh hallelu. He abides with me. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comforter abide with me. Oh, there's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken me long ago. I gave him up and instantly for all my night was turned to day. All my burdens roll away. For the comforter abides with me. Oh he abide. Oh he [Music] abides. Halleluah. He abide with me. Oh, I rejoice night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comforter [Music] abound. Amen. Give the Lord praise this morning in the house of God. Aren't you glad that he abides with you? I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Oh, when pains of death cease for my soul unto the Lord, I cry till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, no. I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, I drink of the drink of all my soul. Lord and standing a courage boy will stood upon his word. Oh no I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be enough till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, spirit said that my Lord was strong and he would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord, the work is done. for Christ. The Lord, he is here. Oh no, I would not [Music] be. Oh no, I would not be till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be. Oh, I have not. Oh, no, I have not been denied. Oh, no, I have not been denied. See, Jesus came and he made me whole. will have not been. Want to sing that third verse again. Oh, strange at my door. He was gone and he would not hear my pray. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work it is done. away Christ. The Lord is here. Although I would not be enough. Although I would not be enough. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. But I would not be enough. Amen. Soon and very soon we're going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going see the king. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going see the king. Oh no more crying there. We are going to see the king. There'll be no more crying there. We are going see him. Oh no more crying there. We are going singing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going. Oh, no more dying. No more dying. There we are going. See the king. There we no more dying there. We are going see the king. Oh, no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. We are going oh soon and very soon. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh soon and very soon we are going see him. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Well, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. Amen. Aren't you glad you plan on going to see the king this morning? Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Do you have the victory this morning? I want you to look over at your neighbor and say, "I have the victory this morning." Amen. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Well, I told Satan, you better get the behind. Cuz the victory today, it is mine. Joy is mine. Oh joy, it is mine. Oh joy, it is mine. Oh joy of the Lord is mine. My mine. When I told Satan, you better leave me behind cuz the joy of the Lord is mine. I woke up this morning. Well, I woke up this morning. No, I did not have a doubt. See, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." Well, I got up singing and shout victory. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. My mine. Well, I told Satan, you better get thee behind. Cause of victory today. And it sing. The rapture is mine. Oh, the rapture it is mine. Oh, the rapture it is mine. Oh, the rapture of the bride. It is my my Well, I told Satan better get behind cause the rapture of the bride. It is my thing that I woke up this morning. When I woke up this morning, no, I did not have a doubt. See, I knew that the Lord would bring me up. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." Well, I got singing and shout victory. Let's sing at victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. for the victory today. It is mine. My my will. Oh, Satan, you better get leave behind cuz the victory today is mine. Amen. Give him praise this morning. Amen. We serve an awesome God, don't we? Amen. I'd like to do something a little different this morning. Maybe if you'll just play Battle Hymn of the Republic for me if you would. This morning, we know it's Memorial Day weekend here this this weekend. And I just want to read something here I put together. As we enter into Memorial Day weekend, let us take a moment as the b body of Christ to reflect on the true meaning of this national day. While many enjoy time with their family, warmth of summer, welldeserved rest, we are also called to remember Memorial Day is a sacred time to honor men and women who gave their lives as military service for our country. These brave individuals laid down their lives that we might have freedom. Freedom that allows us to gather openly in worship to speak our faith to serve our communities in love. In John 15:13, Jesus said, "Greater love hath no one than this, to lay down one's life for his friends." As believers, we recognize the power of sacrificial love most fully displayed in Jesus Christ. On Memorial Day, we are reminded that freedom is not free. We honor those who follow a path of selfless service, many paying the ultimate price. Let us also lift up in prayer the families who carry the weight of loss. Veterans who live with the memories of battle. May we be a church that not only remembers but also reaches out to comfort, support, and to share hope of this gospel. As we celebrate, may our gratitude be deep, our remembrance sincere, and our commitment to peace and justice renew. So, as we remember this Memorial Day, let's just take time to remember those that left it all so we can have that freedom. Amen. Let's sing that song. Battle him. Oh, his truth is mine. Oh, all glory glory. Hallelujah. Oh glory be glory. Hallelujah. Oh glory we glory. Hallelujah. His truth is mine. Well, I have seen him in the watch bars of hundling casts. They have built him an altar evening roof and dance. I can read his righteous sentence wrath through dim and fling lamps his [Music] day. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching all. Oh, he has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never sound retreat. He is sifting out the hearts of men before his judgement se. Oh, be swift my soul. Answer him. Be true my feet. our God with his marching [Music] glor. Oh glory be glory hallelujah. Oh glory glory hallelujah. Oh God bring glory. Hallelujah. His truth is mine. Oh. [Music] Oh, in the beauty of the name. Christ was born across the sea with glory in his bosom. He transfigured you and me. As he died to make man, let us live to make man free. Our God who is marching. Oh Lord, glory. Oh glory, how great glory. [Music] before me. Hallelujah. His true is [Music] my Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this morning, want to continue to lift up our brother Clarence and sister Betty. God would just continue to touch them. Glad to have him in the house of the Lord this morning. I richly bless you, brother Clarence. Want to also remember our brother Roger Sailor, Sister Anne Sailor as well. Want to lift up sister Sarah Gooden. She was taken to Cintara RMH last night with the possible uh another possible mini stroke. So I want to pray for her that God would touch her this morning. Uh also brother Mike orders and brother Luther King from brother Joe Greens they are in the hospital and need our prayers this morning. So just remembering them and that congregation there brother Joe Greens want to continue lift up our sister Deborah Watson. She had no blockages. Uh she will have to go back and she's requesting continued prayers there. I want to remember our pastor this morning that God would touch him, strengthen him and his body as well as sister Donna Ber, brother Tom Ber's wife that's fighting that cancer as well. And we want to lift up Sister Teresa Delaney. Uh she will have surgery on June the 9th at UVA. I want to remember brother Marcus Turner. His two-year-old grandson has an enlarged lymph node in the stomach and possibly a second one. They believe it is benign, but he is scheduled June the 18th for a consult with pediatric surgeon. Also be remembering brother Marcus. He injured his foot and will be wearing a brace for several weeks. Remember him there. Please remember me in prayer on Friday. I will be having surgery at UVA. Thank you, Sister Wanda Hinkle. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request like to lift up to the Lord? Say, Lord, just meet my need. Amen. I'm going to ask your brother Doug Bowman if you would just come pray over these needs for us this morning. Amen. You join together as Christians and believe over all these needs this morning. Amen. [Music] Let's all pray. Lord Jesus, Lord, we're just such a blessed people, Lord, to be able to come into your house today, Lord, on this Memorial Day weekend where we're remembering, Lord, those who have fought and died that we can be able to come in here, Lord, and Lord, just believe you as you want us to be. Believe you, Lord. And Lord, we just have so many people who are battling. Lord, Lord, Satan is such a coward. He just attacks people, Lord. Lord, he knows he's defeated, but he's like a cornered animal right now, Lord. He's just attacking and throwing everything he can at us. But Lord, he can never win. He's never going to be able to defeat us, Lord. No matter what happens, Lord, even if you let Lord him take someone's life, Lord, that's still victory to you because they're going back to you, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just believe, Lord, all these prayer requests, Lord, that came in. Lord, you have them all in your hand, Lord. You know what's what's going to happen, Lord. Lord, you knew what was going to happen before it even happened. And Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that we have this opportunity to come in here, Lord. Lord, to bring all of our licks of fire together and just be able to praise you, Lord. Lord, to lift up these prayer requests. Lord Jesus, I just thank you so much for what you do for us each and every day. Lord, all the blessings we have in our life, we don't deserve any of them, but Lord, you give them to us regardless. Lord, I just ask that you give Brother Ron strength this morning, Lord, as he brings forth the word. Lord, just give him one sentence for me, one sentence for each of us, Lord. Even if it's just one word, Lord, that I need to hear today, Lord. Let it come across this pulpit and hit my heart, Lord. And I just thank you, Lord, for everything that you do, Lord. We just love you with all of our hearts. We just ask it all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. Amen. As we receive this this morning's offering, you give as God's blessed you. We'll have brother Jordan Robinson sing for us this morning. Then sister Caitlyn Schiff that they would. Amen. As we're receiving this morning's offering, let's sing us song. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine all the time. Oh, Jesus gave me a little light and told me to let it shine. Oh, my Jesus gave me a little light and told me to let it shine. Oh, Jesus gave a little light and told me to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine on the time. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going just let it shine for him. This little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine all the time. Sing it one more time. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine all time. Amen. You can be seated, Brother Jordan. [Music] Thirsty. I'm thirsty for you. In a dry land with no drink. I need you. Oh, I need you. I know you made a [Music] home inside this heart of stone. So turn it into flesh. Well, spirits soften it. I give you all I have. I'm holding nothing back. Jesus, I am yours. Jesus, I am yours. [Music] Take over, lover of my soul. Take control. I surrender. There's nothing I want more than to know you, Lord. To know [Music] you. Thirsty. I'm thirsty for [Music] you in a dry land with no drink. I need you. I need you. I know you made a home inside this heart of stone. So turn it into flesh. Spirit soften it. I give you all I have. I'm holding nothing back. Jesus I am yours. Oh Jesus I am yours. Oh take over the lover of his soul. Take control. [Music] I [Music] surrender. There's nothing I want more than to know you, Lord. What am I supposed to do with all my kingoms next to you? You're the Lord. You're the Lord. I could gain the world and more. It's all nothing next to you. My reward. My reward. What am I supposed to do with all my kingoms next to you? You're the Lord. You're the Lord. I could gain the world and more. It's all nothing next to you. My reward. My [Music] reward. Take over. Lover of my soul. Take control. [Music] I [Music] surrender. There's nothing I want more than to know you, Lord. Oh, take [Music] over. Oh, lover of my soul. Take control. I surrender. There's nothing I want more than to know you, Lord. To know you, Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Before I bring my need, I will bring my heart. Before I lift my cares, I will lift my arms. I want to know you. I want to find you in every season, in every moment. Before I bring my need, I will bring my heart and seek you first. I want to seek you. I want to see you first. I want to keep you. I want to keep you [Music] first. More than anything, I want I want you first. Before I speak a word, let me hear your voice. And in the midst of pain, let me feel your joy. Oh, I want to know you. I want to find you in every season, in every moment. Before I speak a word, I will bring my heart and seek you first. I want to seek you. I want to seek you first. First, I want to keep you. I want to keep you [Music] first. More than anything, I want I want you first. Oh, you are my treasure and my reward. Let nothing ever come before. You are my treasure and my reward. Let nothing ever come before I seek [Music] you first. I want to seek you. I want to seek you first. I want to keep you. I want to keep you first. More than anything, I want I want you first. [Music] [Applause] First and let's stand. Amen. He said, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and all his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you." Amen. That's what we want. His hymn first in our lives. Amen. Sing a song. Worthy of it all. Worthy of it all. [Music] All the saints and angels the power be your throne. All the ever cast their crowns before the lamb of God is sing. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all and to you are all free. You deserve the glory. [Music] for the saints and angels to bow people before your throne. All the air pass their crowns before the lamb. Oh God, he you're worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to are all things you oh you're worthy of worthy and you're worthy of it Oh yes, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all and true to you are all. You deserve it and all day and [Music] night. Day and night, night and day, let it s and night. Light and day let it sing around. Day and night. Night and day. Let it srise. Day and night. Night and day around. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, he's so worthy of your praise this morning. You're worthy of me. Oh, for from you. Oh, for from you are all the and you are all the and you deserve the glory. Oh, let's sing out one more time as we prepare our hearts for brother. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] worthy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You deserve glory. Let's sing that one more time this morning. You're worthy of it [Music] [Applause] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve your [Music] glory. He deserves it all. Without him, all of us would be in trouble today. Amen. Amen. I think we've come to that knowledge. When we were on our own, we were a mess. Come on. That's right. We were just a mess. But God, rich in mercy. He rewrote our book. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm glad he had an eraser. [Music] One of the most important parts of a pencil is an eraser. And I'm glad that God used that great eraser on my life. And thank God for the blood. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful service already. Amen. Won't you greet your neighbor right there where you're at and say, "It's just good to be in the house of the Lord with you." And Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. God bless you. So honored to to be here with you and stand among you and love you with all my heart. And isn't he good to us? Would like to just congratulate all those that are graduating and all of those that have graduated kindergarten. That's a big deal. And uh Amen. You learn everything that you're going to ever know in kindergarten. So, so we just are so thankful for all of your accomplishments and and you're going some of you are going to college and to that next step in life and and so we're just we're just so happy for you and all that's going on and Amen. We're going to go to a next step. We're getting ready to go home and Amen. I'm so looking forward to that. Aren't you? Amen. He's good to us. Just a few notes here if I can do it. If if you're if you're too weary standing, just just hang on just a minute. I'm going to stand for about an hour. So, amen. Sister Sue, uh, she called me this morning and and I want to relate this to you. Sister Sue wants to thank every person and for the prayers that you prayed for her. And she was she was bad. She was bad sick. And uh uh she had sepsis. I don't think she minds me telling that. And uh that can take you away from here. That's right. and and so uh brother Jonathan and Sister Autumn came for a prayer cloth and they they didn't they didn't go home with it and then go out the next day. They took it to her that night and she had a super high fever and and that night during the night the fever broke and so we're just so thankful and we want to continue to pray. they were going to run some more test up on her. And so, uh, we want to pray that God would just be with her in a special way. She's greatly loved here. Amen. And so, we're just thankful. For those that don't know, the prayer of faith heals sick. And so, and so, that's important to to know that prayer cloths are one of our benefits that that we have. and and I've wore prayer cloths for a long long time and and I sleep on a pack of prayer cloths about that thick from all over the world and I sleep on them every night and so I believe in them. Amen. And so we just are thankful, Sister Sue, thank you for that. Amen. So so so glad to give that report. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sister Sarah Gooden is in the hospital this morning with a stroke and want to remember her in prayer. Amen. We want to welcome Sister Caitlyn Green with us this weekend and so uh school's out and so now she can be among us a little bit more. So we're really glad to have her uh with us and I know that you're really glad to have her with us and so we're so thankful for homecomings. Amen. Amen. Got a lot of new faces here this morning. We'd like to welcome you to our place and enjoy yourself. I see John and Sarah. We're so glad to have you guys with us and so always enjoy you. We have a new fellow with us. His name is Ethan. He's been with us before, but Ethan's newless. He's a new Ethan. And uh I asked I asked to bring him to the office this morning. and I kind of wanted to know when and so we talked for a few moments and and I took him outside and that's where you saw me and uh I took him outside and I said I want to know when when did that happen and he said at the October meetings uh at brother Tim Puitz he said he never felt any emotion whatsoever but during the service it just happened. Amen. All you need is one touch one touch and you'll never be the same. And he rewrites your book and you're never the same. Amen. Give Brother Ethan a good hand this morning. Amen. God bless you. Happy Memorial Day to you. And I pray that you have a a good whether you picnic or eat a hot dog. You know, the doctors say you're only supposed to eat one hot dog a month. A Conniey's going a year. That's blasphemous. Come on. So, some of you will get a few months worth of your hot dogs to tomorrow. And so, Amen. Enjoy the day. Enjoy the day. And I know that you will you will be blessed by that. If you will turn with me to Isaiah chapter 53 this morning. Thank you for your time. And and we're going to spend eternity together. Amen. I I so I so long for those moments. Amen. Isaiah 53 and verse one. It's very familiar portion of scripture. I can't imagine the inspiration of what Isaiah felt like when he was pinning this. Who hath believed our report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of dry ground. And he hath no form nor calmliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. And we hid as it were our faces from him. And he was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken and smitten of God and afflicted. Let's read this next verse together. But he was wounded for our transgressions. And he was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. You may be seated this morning in St. John chapter 18 and verse 36. This is two kingdoms coming together. And Jesus answered, "My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews. But now is my kingdom not from hence." Now Pilate responds. And Pilate saith unto him, "What is truth?" And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and he saith unto them, these are some incredible words. I find in him no fault. at all. I find in him no fault at all. And if you can put just put this in perspective, his own enemy, right, that was about to send him to death is testifying of God's masterpiece. Amen. I find in him no fault at all. I want to speak to you this morning on the flaw. Brother Ram says some things in the masterpiece and I just want to bring a few of these things out this morning. And he's talking about Michelangelo and what he went through and we'll just break right into a quote. He says after he had spent all that time, years and years to make this the statue of Moses and under the influence of seeing fulfilled what he had seen in his heart and in his vision. You can imagine he's been working on this piece of marble, right? He's been working on it for years. What was once a vision now is sitting in front of him. And he says, "And when it was completed, he was so inspired by it till he that he thought his own masterpiece should speak back to him." Amen. I think that's just incredible. He was so inspired till he thought his own masterpiece should speak back to him and he struck it across his the leg and and and hollered speak and it made a flaw on it. It put a flaw on the image. Now watch what brother Brandham does with this. To me the flaw was what made it the masterpiece. Amen. to me as a prophet standing knowing where he stood as a messenger of this age bringing out a bride for Jesus Christ. To me, amen. The flaw was what made it the masterpiece. Now, maybe to the mind of that might think different, you might think that that spoiled it. No. To me, it made it what it was because of after so many years of careful work and to pause and inspiration and so forth of making it, his to had proved not in vain. It was perfect. And that's why he cried out, "Speak." because he had seen before him that which was he was able to achieve to bring to pass the vision that was in his mind. And therefore under that inspiration, he done something out of reason, out of the ordinary, he struck it. He struck it. This is the first time he has ever in that kind of emotion struck that piece of marble like that. Amen. He struck it. Speak. See, he wouldn't have done that if he would have thought. But he didn't think it was an inspiration of sin. what he had on his mind sitting there perfectly before him, right? His tolls, his worries, his long nights and housed away from the world for days and maybe eating a sandwich and rub on it and get back and say, "No, that's not just the way that it was. And no, it's got to come to this or that and rubbing it." And then he saw it perfect. Just perfect. And when he saw in reality the negative of what was in his mind become real, it become positive. Therefore, it sprung into him that it was so real, he must cry out, "Speak." And to me, it was a reflection. Come on. It was a compliment to his work that his own work so inspired him that he would become beside himself to smite it and to say speak. I'd like to been there. That's right. Amen. And I stood there and I looked at that monument and I thought of the hours that that man must have put in in making that. And they said how many years that it was. And it was a reflection to him because it was a contribution to his great work, his great work of what he was doing and what he was finally able to achieve. Right. Brother Brandham was in in in prayer and he said, "God, who made the heavens and the earth, who made all things good and well, and you were pleased with it, but Satan marred those things." But thou hast sent thy son to correct all those things that Satan did smear. Hallelujah. I'm going to try try to behave. I want to read it again because it's so powerful. And he's in prayer. A prophet in prayer with the creator. God who made the heavens and the earth and made all the things that that were good and well and you were pleased with it. But Satan marred those things. But thou has sent thy son to correct all the those things that Satan did more. Now, I want you to just kind of pay attention now just just for this thought, if you will. Now, he says, now he said that that if you've got it this way, you you're going to have your ups and downs. He said, I would advise you to go to God. How many has any ups and downs? You heard about them last night. I was hoping you wouldn't read this. You were so close. Wasn't that great? Wasn't that great? That reminded me of a young Billy Andrews at work last night. I told him that this morning. Now, he said, "If you're going to have your ups and downs and ups and downs, and I would advise you to go to God." Well, that's a good spot to go to. Right. And he says, "And stay there until you're really born again." When trials and troubles and heartaches and disappointments set in, something holds you. That's right. That don't mean they're going to go away. Come on. But you're not trying to hold on anymore. That's right. Something's holding you. There it is. Come on. And he said, "Not you holding. Something's absolutely holding you. It isn't a question whether I hold on or not. It's a question whether he held on or not. It isn't looking at me. It's looking at him. He is the one. There it is. Now he said, "Now a man came here not long ago and said, "Brother Brandom, I'm not worthy to be saved." Brother Brandham answers him quite quite neatly. He says, "No, you're not. No, you're not." And he started weeping. And he said, 'Well, I've tried since 1940 to get saved, but I found myself not worthy. And he said, Brother Brandham says, "You never will be worthy." You never will be worthy. Then he said, "Then I can never be saved." And I said, "Oh, no. Is it it isn't you, it's him." Amen. God don't look at you, he looks at him. And if you can find any fault in him, then you can't be saved. But if there's no fault in him, then you're going to be all right. Now, here's the here's the here's the emphasis of this sermon. The blemish that you find in him is in you. Thank God he took my blemishes. Thank you, Lord. Thank God. But if there's no blemish in him, in you in him, then there's no blemish on you. Don't you love him? Now, if you can just look at it this way, and it's I'm going to just just try to put a put a perspective just to kind of get it started. When God comes down and the Holy Ghost comes down into your life, and when he comes down, you you have an old nature that's here. You're born with that old nature. The sins of your father and fathers and mothers and the DNA of your flesh because of Adam's fall, we all fell. All nature fell. So that first nature, Romans chapter 7 verse one, you're married to that first nature. And listen, you didn't feel condemned to sin. You didn't feel condemned to lie. You didn't feel condemned to to to steal cookies out of the cookie jar. And you and you just you just went around and you just did what you did, right? Amen. But one day something struck your life. And you realize that there was something more for you. That's right. And that something more be to cry out on the inside of you. Now, you wasn't looking for God. God was looking for you. That's right. Oh, I made a decision for God. No, I'm afraid you didn't. That's right. That's a good thought. It's a good Baptist thought. Right? And it's good that you may have made some decisions, but let me just say this, you you couldn't save yourself. That's right. And in your own choices, you were going further away from God. That's right. But God came looking for you. That's right. Aren't you thankful for that, Brother Ron? I need an example. Adam. That's right. Adam, where art thou? Adam, where art thou? And when he found him, he had made himself a religion and covered himself up with fig leaves. Come on now. How did you know you were naked? Come on. Let me just remind you, when that third part of the angels fell, it did not move God. That's right. That's right. But when one son of God that was perfect got a blemish on him. That's right. When one perfect son of God walking on the in the Garden of Eden got a blemish on him. God came running. He came running through your garden screaming your name. Come to yourself. Come to yourself. Come to yourself. God sends that Holy Spirit down into your life. And it begins to burn that old nature out. It burns it out. And that nature leaves. Amen. That nature's got to die. That's right. That first nature to be married to Christ, you can't have two husbands. So to be married to Christ, you can't be to born to the married to the old nature and married to Christ at the same time. Are you with me now? That's right. And so that first man's got to die. That's right. So it dies and it leaves and it follows you. And now you have a new king on your heart. And that new king begins to give you new direction and new it's a new dispensation in your life. even a new administration if we could put it in its right order. And now this new king in your life has different desires. Wants to come to church. Can't wait till those doors are open. Come on. When you fall, it so quickly it so quickly checks you. In a moment, you father forgive me. You don't stand there and go, "Well, God, you know I did it and I had a right to do it." No. The real Holy Ghost says, "God, I am so sorry. I I'm so sorry. I asked you to forgive me. A word out of place or a thought out of place now. That old nature just don't go zooming off a million miles away. It follows you. And it follows you. And it now once had dominion over you. But now this old nature will follow you. It's a sticky nature. and and what it will do to you now. It will become a influence on your life and it'll constantly try to influence you to do the wrong things. Brother Ron, but I got the Holy Ghost, but your old nature will constantly once the king That's right. How many's ever had a bad friend? Or how many's ever had a friend? How many's awakened this church this morning? Now, you know, sometimes when you got bad friends, you know, I I just want to put I I I use that term and you'll understand what I'm saying. A bad friend will talk you into doing the wrong thing. Come on. And I had some bad friends in my life. And brother Jim, you'll laugh the rest of this day. But there's been some bad friends that that have sent you down the wrong road. Amen. Now, you also had another friend that was closer than them. And that old friend had to die. That's right. It was you. That's right. And you had to die. And now, just like those other friends, it'll want to come along and be an influence in your life. Good. And it's always trying to influence you. Now, brother, that's kind of in left field. Well, let's just see what these next quotes do. Romans chapter 7, verse 19. for that for the good that I would that I would I do not. But the evil which I would not that I do now if I do that I would not. It is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. I find then a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me. This is Paul. This is a prophet. This is a prophet here where, you know, we're not talking about Shakespeare. That's right. This is a prophet. So then evil is present with me. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man, but I see another law in my members, waring against the law of my mind, bringing it into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Notice these next words. Oh wretched man that I am who shall deliver me from the body of this death. Now he starts rejoicing. I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with my mind I may serve the law of God but with the flesh the law of sin. Right? All have sinned and come short of the glory of God. This is a key thought that you must remember. Without God, we're all in trouble. That's right. Our sticky nature, our first husband just gave us immense amount of troubles. That's right. You know, I hear people say, "Well, the good old days." Come on. I don't know what was good about them. That's right. Come on. Amen. I woke up a lot of mornings the next day going, "Ah, you know, I don't do that now." Hey, I've fought cancer for five years and hey, I've had a God's been right with me the whole time. But you can fight alcoholism and fight it and fight it and fight it. go alcoholics anonymous and go through all kind of rehab programs. But if you ever get God, if you ever get God in your life, come on, brother David. And when you get God in your life, one moment. One moment. This next verse I want us to read together. Romans chapter 8 and verse 1. This is a scripture that set me free because I too ward with my first nature. And I'm not going to go through that book today, but I'm not proud at all at all of my first nature. As a matter of fact, when I was raising my boys, I never told them about that guy. I did not want them to know about that guy. Let me just give you a little story. So, my boys are with me now. They're grown. Was you married? We were buying a bull. And we were buying a bull. And we were we were standing on the on a gate and it was in it was in Pilot where we where I grew up and lived and now we're living here and my dad needs to buy a bull. So I was going to buy a bull for him. And so it's a boy's named Greg and uh you know I'm standing on the gate looking at the bulls and the boys are right there with me. And Greg said, "Are you boys fighters?" I Oh, God. No. Your dad was a fighter. Don't, Greg. Don't. He said, "Yeah." I said, "There was a guy that was about 6' three." Said said he was off from work for for almost two weeks and he came back and he was black and blue. He said, "Three people attacking and we come to find out it was Ron." I said, "Greg, they never heard that story. I I never told them that story cuz really not proud of that story. I would have much rather led that man, whoever he was, to the Lord." That's right. Maybe one day we'll get to. So sometimes there's clouds that are over your life. I believe I'm preaching to the right audience. That clouds get between you and the senross of the top of your life and they just they just cause a lot of problems. Romans 8 and verse one, I want us to read this together. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Now just a few verses before he says, "Oh wretched man that I am." Just because it's broke up in chapter 7 and chapter 8 doesn't mean that the sermon doesn't continue. Hey, come on. Are you with me? The thought just continued. God didn't leave you with your first nature to rule over top of you forever. [Applause] But now you're under a new dispensation married to Jesus Christ. And now there's no condemnation. We are not Catholics. Come on. We are not in constant purgatory. Come on. We're not beating oursel all the time for the things that used to be. You can't do nothing about it. It's under the blood. Let it go. Hallelujah. Let it go. Don't dig up bones. Tell your neighbor, "Let it go." If you and your wife's fighting, tell her, "Let it go." Say it with attitude if you need to. Now in the passion translation, I realize this is not in front of you. Maybe you guys got it upstairs, but in Romans chapter 3 and verse 23, for we all have sinned and are in need of the glory of God. Yet through his powerful declaration of a quiddle, I love that. Of a quiddle, godly God freely gives away his righteousness. I want to stop right there. Or brother Ron, I just don't know if I'm saved or not. Okay. Well, let's let's talk about this for a little bit. Amen. So the blood cleanses you 100%. I don't think none of us can argue with that. So if your sins are in the blood, are you with me? And then God says, I'll give you your righteousness stump, so I'll give you my righteousness. That's right. So, I want to ask you with those two things, what more do you need? That's right. That's right. What more do you need? We're not Catholics where we beat ourselves and pay purgatory and pay for prayers. Count rosary beads. We pray to a living God that hears every prayer that we pray. Amen. Tell the old nature there's now no condemnation. I am a quit. Folks, we serve a rigged jury. Hallelujah. It's a rigged jury. Thank you, Lord. He's our judge. Yes, sir. He's our prosecutor and he's our lawyer. You can't lose, folks. That ought to make us shout. Hallelujah. Brother Ron, y'all church is so emotional. We just realize what we got. When you realize what you got, it causes you to be emotional. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, I want to put this in perspective here just for a minute because it's a good spot to do it. There was a guy naked in chains. His name was Legion. And Jesus came. Amen. Now, I I want to go way past that story. He's going to go home because Jesus told him, "Go home." That's right. But there's a wife there that's been abused. She's been abused and she's been with the old legion. Whatever that man's name was, the name of the they call him that's because of the demons that was in him. That wasn't his name. That's right. So that man went home and he went home to a wife that had been abused, right? Somewhere all of those demons entered into his life and he wasn't even welcome in the community and the only place to put him was in the tombs naked screaming. Now he has to go home. Now she must forgive me. She must come to the realization the old legion is not here no more. No, you didn't get it. She's got all kind of scars, right? and she's got all kind of bad memories. But the guy that walked through the door, it's not the same guy, [Applause] but Jesus healed Legion, but he didn't heal her, so there's going to be some times that she's going to constantly bring up the old legion. Come on. But it's a useless case cuz the old legion's not here no more. Woo! Glory. He ain't here no more. Have you ever heard the statement, "Beating a dead horse. Right. So what you're doing, the new legion is there. Forgive me for having to use it, but that's the way we identify him. We got a new legion that's now a real husband. That's a real citizen. He's a real guy. Real guy. And now the new life has begun. And she wants to beat a dead horse. That's what a lot of you do. I've just fished for a little bit. I caught you. I caught you. Got you. There's a lot of you sitting in the building today that know that there's a new king on your heart, but you keep beating a dead horse. Let it go. Oh, [Applause] I feel like you do right now. I feel like y'all give me 10 minutes to just shout for a while. Just shout for a while. We had a good time this morning. Yeah. identified masterpiece. He said he was absolutely talking about Jesus. He was absolutely so perfect until he pleased the sculpture and inspired so much until he smoteed him at Calvary. Now we see him as the scripture said, God's masterpiece. We see him smitten, stricken, and afflicted of God. There is the real masterpiece. Watch what he does with this. There's the real masterpiece. That's right. As Angelo struck his, that's what made him the masterpiece. Comes over. He said, "Now the great sculpture when he seen the fall of his family, the masterpiece, he wasn't willing to leave it lay there face down and in ruin. He went to work immediately to build it up again. He wasn't willing that it should perish and lay there all that time because he is God and he will not be defeated. That's right. So he went to work immediately and be to build again unto his own image a man. Thank you Lord. Amen. Now in the fourth seal, brother Brham says he says when when that sin of that mortal is confessed and dropped into that Clorox of the bleach of Jesus Christ, it bleaches all sin. He is purely unadulterated without sin, without fault. He that is born of God does not commit sin and he cannot sin. The bleach stands between him and God. Brother Ron, I make mistakes but God. [Music] Hallelujah. He said the bleach stands between him and God. I'm thankful for that bleach. Now, how could it ever get there when it breaks it up and sends it right back to the one that perverted? God takes the sins that was on your life and puts it back to the rightful one. right back on the devil. I love that. Don't you? Now, watch this. In that same vein of thought, and any son in the act is in the attributes of his father, just as you were in the genes of your father and in the body of your father when he was a young man, you were in him. Yet he could not have fellowship with you because he didn't know you. But then through the bedding grounds of your mother, you were brought forth into the earth and become the image of your father. Then he could have fellowship with you. And so were you sons and daughters of God. Right? Because there was before there was even a moon, a star, or a molecule, you were sons and daughters of God. For you are only the physical manifestation of the attributes that was in God at the beginning. Right? To me, that's one of the most powerful. If you get that quote, it will help you along life. And I want to read it again for you. And so you were. He's talked about your natural. Now he's going to talk about your DNA from God. You're the sons and daughters of God before there was ever a moon and stars or a molecule. This is pretty powerful. Before there was a sun, you was there. Before there was a moon, you was there. For there's only one form of eternal life, and that was you before. You don't have you don't have know nothing about it. And neither did you know when you were were in your earthly fathers, but you were manifested into his image and the image of God. You're made and you were manifested for the glory of God. That the fellowship of God. And therefore, as sure as you're a gene that had to be in your father before your natural birth, your spiritual gene had to be in God. And so, you're an expression of the attributes of his thoughts. And before the foundation of the world, right? No way around it. Notice now we notice then that the life being in you, God's life being in you from the foundation of the world. Right? You say, "Well, brother, I I just don't know about all of that. That's pretty words, but I don't know about all that." Okay, we're div we're a diverse group. We're diverse. We're We've come from a lot of different places. But I find it absolutely amazing that we can be from so many backgrounds and then when you're here just for a little while, you feel like you've known each other forever. That's right. Come on. Forever. I mean, you've been here, you know, you've been here forever. You know, you preached last night like you've been here forever. It's because the same spirit. The same spirit. That's right. But I was an Amish. Don't matter. That's right. That's right. It don't matter. Come on. That's right. We got some sinful Baptists here. That's right. And we got some Catholics here. Come on. But God rich in mercy took that old man out and put a new man inside of you and that new spirit and now we can celebrate the fact that we were in God in the great masterpiece before there was a sun, moon, stars. Now he starts talking about the drop of ink and I think this is I think is really neat. Now he said this drop of ink now it was made for a purpose. He said that color become that color for a purpose. That one drop of ink can sign your death warrant and send you to an electric chair. Or that one drop of ink can pardon you from your sins. It was set there for a purpose. Now notice what he does here. We got to use it for the right thing. That's right. We got to use it for the right things. Well, you say, "Well, Brother Ron, where do I use it?" With your power to forgive. One of the easiest ways for you to set yourself free is forgive yourself. You heard last night the greatest enemy is you and you amended it. You're your own worst enemy. Then you've got to forgive yourself. That's right. Someday I'll do a better job of preaching that. But you got to forgive yourself. Good. Good. You got to let it go. Now watch. Every masterpiece has to be put on a foundation. He said, "Angelo's monument of Moses was on a 3 or 4ft piece of marble. It's got a foundation." And God in preparing for his masterpiece, he put it on a foundation of the patriarchs and the patriarch foundation. And he said first Abraham and then Isaac and Jacob and Joseph the four corners and Abraham was the foundation of faith. And let's just say he had let's just say four foundations. The foundation of faith of Abraham, the foundation of love was Isaac. And the foundation of grace was Jacob. And God's grace to to Jacob. Anyone knows that? But in Joseph was perfection. Right? There is where he could set his monument upon not the first foundation or the second foundation or third foundation but on the fourth foundation. Abraham portrayed Christ of course and so did Isaac in love and and Abraham did in faith and Isaac did in love and Jacob did by his grace because Jacob was a deceiver and that's what he was. He said, "But God's grace was with him." Right? Now, notice what he does with perfection. And he says, "When it come to Joseph, there was nothing against him." Right? I love these words. Just one little scratch. Just one little scratch. I think that's beautiful. He said, he told his father, he told his father, the prophet, say to Pharaoh that your people are cattle raisers and not shepherds because a shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptian. Amen. And there was a scratch on his perfect life. Up to that point, he was the perfect type of Jesus Christ. But being born of humanity, there had to be a scratch. Samson had a scratch. David had a scratch. But I want you to just notice God's grace. Can I put it like this to you? None of you would sit in this church if I had David's record. If I took my first my best friend's wife, impregnated her, and because he wouldn't go lay, I need a band-aid. How did I do that? I wouldn't go. He wouldn't go late. I had him killed. So now I become a murderer. What a flaw. But aren't you glad that God looks past the flaw? No, I did none of those things. Thank you, Lord. But God so took care of his flaw until David was a man after God's own heart. And God still recognized him as king. That's right. Regardless. Amen. In spite of That's right. overlooking it. Thank you, Lord. Even to where that Jesus will sit on David's throne. But Brother Ron, he was a murderer. Brother Ron, he had his best friend killed. He committed adultery. Did a horrible thing. Well, let me just give you a little history lesson. That baby died. That's right. But that wasn't the end of the story. That was not the end of the story. She had another baby. And that baby being from Basheba, that baby was named Solomon. That's right. And through Solomon, God allowed him to build a house. He wouldn't allow David to build the house only to collect the garments of it all. But he he allowed Solomon to take all the materials and build a house. a house like none other before. Solomon had blemishes. When I read in Hebrews chapter 11 and verse 31, by faith the harlot perish not with them that believed not when she had received the spies with peace. So he gives her whole record. But listen, after she marries Salmon, she's no longer mo recognized right there. It wasn't her righteousness. It was the seed. That's right. The seed that was in now in her preserves her. It isn't your righteousness. Can I say it? It is in your righteousness. It's the seed that is within you. Now if the bride in the beginning was the word or the bridegroom and if the bride is taken from the bridegroom it must be the word also. Now notice what the bride must be. Now, we're coming to an exit ramp. So, you you stay with me. Now, why must the bridegroom be the word manifested just made plain? Is because the bride and the bridegroom are one. She is just a smitten piece off of him. There is the masterpiece. It was smitten. Now, Michelangelo could not reproduce right it again. He could not put it back on. But God is going to do it. God's going to do what Michelangelo couldn't do. You see, when they sm when he smoked that piece of rock off of that statue, he couldn't put it back and make it like the original. But because of Calvary, when God smoked his own son, he took you out of him. Amen. And he can put it back and it be just like the original. That's why that he could watch Adam walk out of the Garden of Eden and make him a promise. That's right. I'll bring you back. But this time when he brings him back, we're going. We're going. Now, I I want to get to one more point before I quit. In this life, I just brought up David. In this life, no matter how many years, and I haven't went back and calculated it. I don't care how many years that David lived, people looked at him as a murderer. They looked at him as an alter. They looked at him, no doubt, as king. They looked at him as restored. But it was always that thought. Brother always had a statement. He was one of a kind. And Homer would always tell me, he said, you know, he said, "A lot of people want to worship, Brother Brandham." And he said, "That was wrong." And he said, "A lot of people want to worship preachers." He said, "But if you get around me long enough, you'll know not to worship [Laughter] me." For those of us that are family, we say, "Amen." And we have a right. We have a, you know, sitting here so many times we think everybody's just perfect. Oh man. You know, you you come to church and you're here for a few days and you go, "Man, they are the most perfect people I have ever met." You stay here a while. Just stick around. Stick around a little while and you'll hear sermons like last night and you'll know, hey, these people ain't perfect. But sitting on these pews is not what makes us perfect. It is not what makes us perfect. It's the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost in our lives. That so changes us. If you can look past the facade, you'll see Christ. Amen. Brother Ron, but I got a flaw. Welcome to all of our worlds. We've all got flaws. But the flaw can either destroy you or drive you. The flaw can either destroy you or drive you. I want that to settle. We're not perfect. Not in this life. We're not sinless. Not in this life. But there's a blood and there's a life. We are not here, and I just want to drive this down. We are not here by tradition. I never want you to ever come here thinking, I got to come here. Listen, God don't force you to do nothing. This is a love affair between you and God. And if you really love God, you can't wait till those doors come open and you begin to worship God in a freedom of the spirit and you begin to say amen to the word. That's right. And whether you realize it or not, when that word begins to come down and it begins to speak to your heart and it begins to discern the thoughts and the intents of your heart and then you respond. It's one thing for the preacher to preach it, but then you respond. [Applause] Your response tells who you are. You're a sinner, it don't do nothing for you. You're a make believer, you don't know whether you're in or out. But if you're a believer, Oh, yeah. There'll be times you come here and get drunk. That's right. Amen. There'll come be times here you get say there'll it'll never get better than this and then all of a sudden the next weekend comes. I don't get nothing out of church. Put it in. Put something in. There it is. Put something in. put something [Applause] in. Now, I I I just I I just want you to understand when you look at that mark and brother Brandham is standing there and he's looking at that. Now, Brother Brandham is not just looking at a piece of art. He's thinking about the bride of Jesus Christ. Stay with me. That God has thought of before the foundation of the world. And now they're here. They're no longer in the bedding grounds of their mother and father, but now they're here. Now they're sitting on a pew. Now they're amening the word of God. And now they look so much like him. They look what? They look like the message. They talk like the message. I'm finishing now. They're more than a book. Come on. They're more than a tape. Come on. They're more than a piece of furniture in the church. They're the living reality of the quotes living. These quotes are good and fine in book form or in computer form, but God wants them to live. Where, brother Ron? Right here in your heart. I sing because I'm happy. I sing because I'm free. His eyes is on the sparrow. And I know he watches. I wish I could sing like Andrew right now. When I anointed him as a baby, I must have gave him all my singing ability. Amen. Sister Cassie, would you would you give me I sing because I'm happy. I sing because I'm free. Oh, he [Music] is on the sp and I know he watches. Let's just sing this with all of our hearts now. Let it be more than a song. Oh, I sing because Oh, I'm [Music] happy. Oh, glory. Oh, I'm sing because I free. Are you really free? His eye is all the spare and I know he watches me. Let's sing that first verse there with us. Why should I fear discourage? [Music] Oh, why should the shadow come? And why should my heart feel [Music] so and long for him and let's sing it now. When she when Jesus is he's my portion. Oh, I love this. He's my constant. My God is so great is he is all this and I Oh, he watches. Oh, let's give the Lord a great big hand now. Hallelujah. Oh, I sing because I'm happy. Hallelujah. Oh, I sing because I'm free. I'm free. I'm never in that bondage ever again. That's over. Oh, his eyes. [Music] Oh, this and I know he while they play that just a moment. Maybe you're here this morning. You say, "Brother Ron, I just don't know him." We shared about Ethan just a few moments ago. Maybe just one moment in his presence now many more changed his life. One moment changes their [Music] life. What about you this morning? You say, "Brother Ron, I just need that touch. I need the master's touch to touch my life. I got some rough edges. Won't you just say, "Lord, I need you. I just need you to help me." Listen, I don't care how long we've been a Christian. We need more of him. We need his touch. Our prophet would walk to the pullpit and pray, "Father, forgive me of my sins." I don't want to disappoint him. I didn't want to disappoint my mother and father. But greater than my mother and father, I don't want to break the heart of God. I don't want to break him. I wouldn't want to disappoint Sister Connie. My love is so great for her. But more than all that, I don't want to disappoint my heavenly lover cuz I love him so much. [Music] He's here in the building. He's in the building, folks. Won't you just reach out and say, "Lord, come by my way. Come touch me today. Come rub some of the rough spots. Come rub some of the rough spots off my life. Come help me today. Come touch my life. I'll tell you what he do. He'll come. If you invite him, he'll come. He's that kind of a God. He'll [Music] come. Let's sing that course before we pray one more time. Keep watching. Let's sing it together. Oh, I see because I'm happy. Oh, I see because Oh, I'm free. Yes, I am. Oh, [Music] he's so on the SP. Oh, when I go. Oh, he [Music] watches. Oh, me. When I see, oh, when I see, oh, because Oh, I'm happy. Oh, and I see. Oh, because I'm [Applause] [Music] free. Oh, he is. So, oh, the spare. And the Lord he watches. Oh me. Oh, and it reaches to the [Music] highest mountain and it flows to the Lord who is found. [Music] Oh, is the blood that keeps me straight. And from day to day, it will never lose its power. Oh, soul. Oh reaching to the high is mountain and it flows to the Lord. Oh valley. [Music] Oh, is the blood that keeps me straight. Oh, from day to day. It will never lose its power. One more time. Oh, because it reaches to the highest mountain and give to the Lord who's Oh, the blood that keeps me straight from day to day. [Music] It's my [Music] heart. Amazing grace shall always be my soul. All of praise for it was grace that had cal my liberty. [Music] I do not know how just he came to love me so he looked beyond my fault and he saw on my knees. [Music] Oh, I shall forever live my life to [Music] Calary to you the cross. Oh, where Jesus died for me. Oh, how [Music] far was the grace that come my holy soul. for he looks behind all my thoughts and my knees. Oh, it was grace that brought me out of darkness. [Music] Oh, and to the light where I can clearly see. [Music] Oh, I'll shout it from oh the mountains and the valley. [Music] For he looks beyond all my faults and sorrow my need. Sing it together. Oh, I shall forever live my house to Calary. Oh, to you the cross Jesus for me. Let's just worship the Lord now. The grace that I'm calling soul We love beyond what I saw [Music] like there's a young man giving his heart to God today, screaming out, "Father, forgive me of my sins. [Music] That's the greatest miracle you'll ever see. That's greater than a person getting out of a wheelchair. Amen. Greater than cancer being set free. [Music] But to be set free from sin. [Music] Hallelujah. Maybe you say, "Brother Ron, I need that too." Just Yes. [Music] Yes. Father, I thank [Music] you. I thank you. This being Memorial Day, I thank you. We not only remember the great warriors that have fought for our freedom. That's no small thing. All of our families have been touched and lost the blood of our loved ones that died on the battlefields. But because of you came and you left the ivory palace of heaven and laid off your godly robes and became man, you couldn't you couldn't take our sins and the form of a pillar of fire, but you became man and you lived such a perfect life in such a sinful world that it pre pleased the father to smite him. And out of that smiting, we were given forgiveness. Out of that smiting, out of that flaw, we were given eternal life. Now Lord, we raise our hands to you. Lord, we need you. We need your help. We need your strength. We need your touch. Many of us need the healing touch today. We need encouragement. We need your strength. And we need one another. And Lord, we ask you to sweep through this building and touch every person here. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. We thank you for this service today in Jesus name. Amen. Could we sing that verse one more time? Of course. One more time today. All my falls and he saw my Let's just worship the Lord. He's worthy of all of our worship. Oh, I shall [Music] forever live my house to Cal. [Music] Oh, to you in the cross where Jesus died for me. Oh, how far [Music] from the grace that call my falling soul. He look beyond all my fall and he saw my need. [Music] Amen. Aren't you so thankful that you can praise God that he looked beyond all of my faults, all my failures, and saw exactly what I needed? Amen. and he set me free. Aren't you glad that he set you free this morning? Oh, once like a burden in prison. I will well no freedom from my sorrow I f well then Jesus came and he listened to me and glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. He set me free. Oh my hero of prison for me and I'm glory man for my Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Now I am alive. I do these days. Oh darkness of night it has drifted away. Oh my feet are ling. Oh high you round and glory to God. Well I'm home. He set me free. He set me free. Oh, but he broke the heart of the risen glory. And I'm glory man. Oh my Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Oh good to see everything. Oh God of this world is shelter me. Oh daily I'm working. I'm praying too and glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. But he brought the prison for me and the glory. Oh my Jesus to sing. Glory to God. He set sing it again. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Oh my Heather the risen for me and I'm for my Jesus to see in glory. Oh sing and proclaim it. He set me free. He set me free. Oh he set me free. Oh my he for me and I'm glory man for my Jesus to see a glory God. You're dismissed this morning. Oh he set me free. Oh he set me free. the prison for me. I'm a glory man. Oh my Jesus to see glory. Set me free. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
