################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Our Focus Is This Message - Bro. Andrew Spencer on July 5th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    "Our Focus Is This Message" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on July 5th, 2025
Speaker:  Andrew Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-UZRR85q1k
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] with me. Will I rejoice night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Oh, once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace with him. till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Oh, then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abide with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Here abide with me. Oh, I rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. Well, I'm as happy as the bird, just as free. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comfort abound with me. Oh, he abounds. He abounds. Hallelujah. He abide with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, there's no thirsty for the things of the world they've taken me long ago. I gave them up instantly. Well, all my life was turned to day. All my burdens roll away. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. Oh, I rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. Aren't you glad he abides with you this evening? Good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. Sing a song. Worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to all things and you deserve the glory. Oh, let's sing it again. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Heaven's earth and your all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And hold the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God is here. And you're worthy of it all. Thank you, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve the glory. Oh, let's sing it again. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all into you are all you deserve glory. [Music] How can I keep from singing your praise? Give the reason this song echoes in my soul. Oh, I hear the music. [Music] And though the storms may come, I am holy into the rock I can keep from sleeping your Praise. How could I ever say enough? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I'm loved by the king and it makes my heart want to see. [Music] I will lift my eyes in the darkest night. For I know my savior and I will walk with you. will be your sweet and sing you. [Music] How can I keep foreign? How could I ever say God? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I know my feet and it breaks my heart to see. I can see in the trouble. You will see when I win. I can see when I lose my step and fall down again. I can see cuz you picked me up. I can see cuz you're there. I can see cuz you hear me, Lord. When I call to thee in prayer, I can see with my last breath. Oh, see for I know that I'll see with the angels and the saints around the world. [Music] Oh, how can I keep from singing? Oh, yes. Thank you, Lord. How could I ever say God? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I'm not by the king and it makes my heart. Won't you see? You are God alone. You are God alone. [Music] You were not a god created [Music] by human nature. You are not a god keeping him or any more. You are not a god. Anything we can give by your gra that comes away. Oh, you are God alone from before time and you know and you are God alone and right now it's a good I [Applause] for you are on your throne and you are God. You're the only God whose power none can judge him. You're the only God whose name will praise. [Music] You're the only God who's worthy for everything we can. Oh, you are God and that's your way. [Applause] Oh, you are God alone. Oh, from before time came. Oh, you all you know. Oh, you are God alone. head right now for in the good times. Oh, you all [Music] you are God alone. Oh, you're unchangeable. Oh, you're unshakeable. Oh, you're unstoppable and that's what you are. Oh, you're unchangeable. Oh, you're unshakeable. [Music] Oh, you're unstoppable. [Music] And that's what you are. [Music] Oh, you are God alone from before time be. And you are all and you are God. [Applause] [Music] In the good times in [Music] you are for you are God. [Music] Amen. Aren't you so thankful for that? And at this time I'd like to go to the prayer request. Want to continue to lift up our brother Mike orders from brother Joe Green's congregation there that God would just touch him, strengthen him in body and in spirit there. Also be lifting up our sister June Shifflet, brother Clarence Morris, sister Betty Morris. Want to remember our brother Roger Sailor. If God would just touch him completely as well as Sister Anne there want to continue to lift up our sister Sarah Gooden and sister Teresa Gooden. many needs in the body there. Also, our pastor, brother Ron, that God would touch him. Want to remember sister Teresa Delaney, sister Wanda Hinkle, each and every one of those that are fighting cancer. Want to pray for them as well as our brother Jeff Breeden that God would just touch him, strengthen him. I believe he goes for a biopsies on the 7th of this coming week. So, pray for him. Want to remember brother Matt McCclard and his family. They made it home from BYC camp, but they uh are sick this evening. So, I want to pray for them that God would just touch them and minister to them this evening there. Ham would have a need upon your heart and say, "Lord, just pass by my way." Amen. I'm going ask her, Brother Martin, if you would just come pray over these needs. Amen. God richly bless you. [Music] Let's pray. Lord God, we so thankful that how great you are, Lord. We're so happy to come and worship you, Father. And Lord, we just want to praise you, Father. Thank you for the the atmosphere and all your children, Lord, to gather in, Father. and cuz we love you, Lord, and at your hand that everything that we have need of, Lord, is in you. And so we just give ourselves completely to you tonight, Father, and just speak your word, Lord. Use Brother Andrew. And we all would gather together, one spirit of one accord, Lord. You'd pour out your spirit upon this place, Lord Jesus. And we just lift up these sick, Father, that your offering, your sacrifice, Lord. He was wounded for our transgressions. And by your stripes, we're healed, Father. We just claim that sacrifice. It's still good. Still alive today, Father. And we just pray you apply that blood that come down your back, Lord. That you'd remember that, Lord. apply to Sister Wanda and Brother Ron, Father, that Lord, each one of these that the elderly, Father, they're just going through so many things, Lord, is elderly that they've gone before us, Father, making a way for us that we could come in tonight and enjoy these things, Father. That you remember them just now, Lord, that just reward them, Father. We know not a cup of cold water would pass. That that you wouldn't they wouldn't lose a reward, Father. and they'd done much more than a cup of water, Father, preparing this place and their prayers and has called us all together, Father. And may you just minister to Brother Bill, Lord, Brother Rogers, we love him so much. And yet was in this this uh dimension of time, Father. We just we get old. We get tired, Father. And we just look to you for the strength, Lord. We look to you for life, Lord. and you pour out that eternal life this evening Lord and all the sick and afflicted that everyone could go home with a heart full of joy this evening father knowing that you are a big big God and you just taking care of everything we just pray Lord you'd bring the bring the sinners to the altar father and just wash every heart father of the the worst sickness we got as Leota and the sin that we're born in Father that you cleanse us and wash us of these things Lord Jesus set us free. We enjoy true liberty, Father. And Lord, it's just in your name that we just recognize these things. We just humbly ask you, Father, you have your way. Grant it in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this evening's offering and give as God's blessed you. Amen. May we sing a song. He set me free. He set me free. Aren't you glad that he set you free from everything that would hold you bound? And after that, we'll have brother brother Luke prepare to come sing for us. And then we'll have uh sister Gabrielle sing for us this evening. Oh, once like a bird in prison. Well, well, no freedom from my sorrow. My faith will be Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God, he set me free. Oh, he set me free. He set me free. Oh, he broke the fire of prison glory. And I'm glory for my Jesus to see. And glory to God. He set me free. Will now fly and collar of night. It has drifted away. Oh my feet are planted on higher ground. Glory to God. Well, I'm over man. Oh, when he set me free, he set me free. Oh, when he broke the bars of prison for me and I'm glory man for my Jesus to see and glory to God. He said be good to sin and things that command will not a world it shall turn me around. Oh daily I will work. I'm praying to glory to God when I'm going through. He set me free. He set me free. Oh, he broke the power of ris for me and I'm glorif. Oh my Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Amen. You can be seated. [Music] Oh, John. Oh, John, what did you say? Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Well, I'll meet you there on the judgment day. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Well, I want to be ready. I want to be ready. But I want to be ready. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Well, some came and some came late. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Will some came walking in Jesus name. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Well, I'm going to be ready. Well, I'm going to be ready. Well, I'm going to be ready, Lord. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Well, if you get there before I do. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Will I tell all my friends that I'm coming to? Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Well, I'm going to be ready. Well, I'm going to be ready, Lord. Well, I'm going to be ready, Lord. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. Will you carry the Lord upon his shoulders? Walking Jerusalem just like John. Well, I'll meet you there at the first crossover. Walk in Jerusalem just like John. Well, I'm going to be ready. I'm going to be ready. Well, I'm going to be ready, Lord, Jerus. And I'm going to be ready. I'm going to be ready. I'm going to be ready, Lord. Walking in Jerusalem just like John. [Music] [Applause] [Music] For the prayers that you have answered. For the mountains you have moved, for the chains that you have broken, Lord, it's the least that I can do to serve you with my whole heart. And though I can't repay the debt of love, I owe you, but I'll try to anyway. I owe you everything. I owe you all of me. My life, my breath, my praise, my worship. I give it as an offering. I could never do enough in exchange for all you've done. You have made me something out of nothing. I owe you everything. [Music] When I pray in expectation and your answer is to wait, helping me to be more patient, Lord, and trust in you by faith. I know that you are working your purpose for my good. And those longawwaited blessings remind me as they should that I owe you everything. [Music] I owe you all of me. My life, my breath, my praise, my worship. I give it as an offering. I could never do enough in exchange for all you've done. You have made me something out of nothing. I owe you everything. [Music] And should I lose all my possessions and my world come crumbling down, my soul is safe in you. And I know without a doubt that I owe you everything. I owe you all of me. My life, my breath, my praise, my worship. I give it as my offering. I could never do enough in exchange for all you've done. You have made me something out of nothing. I owe you everything. I could never do enough in exchange for all you've done. Oh, you have made me something out of nothing. I owe you everything. [Music] I owe you everything. [Music] [Applause] Amen. We owe it all to him, don't we? Amen. Let's stand at this time. Let's sing a song. My God is real. My God is real. [Music] Oh, he's a real in my soul. [Music] Oh my God is real. For he has watch and he's made me whole. Oh his love for me. [Music] Oh his love pure. [Music] Oh my God is real for I can't be in my soul. Sing it again. My God is so real. Oh my God. Oh yes he is tonight. Oh he's really my soul. Oh my God is real for he has watched and he's made me whole. [Music] Oh his love for me. Oh my go. [Music] Oh my God is real for I can't feel in my soul. Oh, there are some things. Oh, I may not know. There are so places that I I can't go. [Music] But I am sure [Music] of this one. Thank God for his dream for I. [Music] Oh my. Oh, you're glad of that this evening that my God's so real. Oh, he's real in my soul. Mother Angel. My God. [Music] Oh, for me [Music] [Music] you my soul. Oh, and keep B flat. Amen. I need your glory. I want your glory. More of you and less of me is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. [Music] Oh, bless me more. You is what I need. I need I need your glory. I want your glory. Blessing me, glory is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. less of me for you is what I need. So many times I stray away, rejecting your love and warm embrace. I realize I need you more than glory. Say I need you glory. [Applause] I want you glory. [Music] less me for you is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. [Music] Oh me, for me you is what I need. [Applause] [Music] Take all my pride, my selfish ways. Break me down so you remain. Empty me of all its pain to only are in this place. I need your glory. I want your glory. Bless me. More you is what I need. Show me. Show me your glory. Show me your power. [Music] Glor what I need. [Music] I lift my hands. I lift my voice. Surrendering to your perfect word. I long to dwell where you abide. Wrapped in your presence purified. I need your glory. [Music] I want your glory. Oh, more of you less of me. It's what I need. Show me. Show me your glory. Show me your power. only there you might show me. Show me your glory. Show me your power. More of you and less of me is what I need. Oh, clothe and wide you call me near. Chosen love without fear. Your man over me is love. You mark me for things above me. Hallelujah. I want you. [Music] Say, I want more of you, Lord Jesus. Show me. Show me. Show me your power. [Music] Father, Lord, my hand is lifted up. Yes. Lord, unto you, Father, who makes a way when there is no way. Lord, we invite your holy presence into this place, Lord Jesus. Knowing that your promise is unto us, Lord Jesus, where two or three are gathered in my name, there you'll be. Father, we have come here, Lord Jesus, to lay aside everything. Lord, we just want to wash your feet, Father. Lord, it baffles me, Father, how that you want a a filthy vessel to come and wash an innocent an innocent one. But Lord, we've come here, Lord Jesus. Lord, we might feel like we are unworthy. We might feel like we have things upon our life, but Lord, you chose us for this purpose. And that's our desire tonight is to see your glory manifested in us. Lord, we just invite you just now, Father, Lord, to come and take this service, Lord, and make it a blessing under thy kingdom, Father. You have allowed us one more opportunity. And Lord Jesus, Lord, I I've humbled myself before you, Lord. These people, we might be humble, Lord, but you're great, and you're greatly to be praised, Father. Lord, we might seem like we're just don't have the education or we might feel like we don't have things that would maybe satisfy human vocabulary, but Lord, you know our heart. And Lord, we just want to express that tonight. Lord, we have many needs amongst us. And Lord, I realize, Lord, that it needs you. And so, Father, we just ask that you would just come and display your power here tonight through your word and begin to speak to us, Lord, and take us through the scriptures, Lord, on the things that you have need of for this hour. So, we dedicate this service unto you for the glory of God in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles this evening, we'd like to look over in the book of Isaiah, chapter 45, verse 22, and also Hebrews chapter 12. Verse one. Isaiah 45 and 22, look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth. Now to me, right there in those first seven words is the answer to everything that you have could be facing right now. Look unto me and be ye saved. No matter if it's healing, no matter depression, no matter what place you're in, if you can look unto him, be ye saved all the ends of the earth. For I am God and there is none else. I have sworn by myself. The word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness and shall not return. That unto me every knee shall bow and every tongue shall swear. Hebrews 12 and verse one, Paul says here, "Wherefore, seeing we are also compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which doth so easily beset us. And let us run with patience the race that is set before us. Looking unto Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. May God bless his word. You could be seated here tonight. Tonight, I'd like to just take a a real simple thought and preach to you. uh just like to title this our focus this message. Our focus is this message. We realize that that life is full of moving pieces. We realize that that we we're not numb to the fact that we're Christians, but they we are also realist as well. That we have responsibilities and we have distractions and there's constant emotions and there's pressures. And if to be honest, if we would be honest here, it's easy to get caught up in the cycle. It's easy to get caught up in the cycle and lose focus of what the main thing really is, and that's Jesus Christ. It's it's very easy in the world that we live in to to just just uh allow the pressures of life and the emotions and the and the stresses and all all the responsibilities to overwhelm us. But I I believe that's what the message of the hour has done. It has brought our focus back to what the real main thing is is and that is Jesus Christ. And I believe that if if if the word of God it speaks so it speaks so plainly unto us that we ought to look unto him. It's not that we should just look and just glance at it, but to actually fix our eyes upon and set our affections and anchor our attention right into the word of God. And that's why when Isaiah says, "Look unto me and be ye saved." The question is is it isn't it that we would if we would look at it, the question is if we would ask it, it's what do you see when you look? Because there's a lot of people that are seeing things, but they're not truly looking with their heart. There's a lot of people that stand around the around the the outskirts of things and they see Christ and they see the works of it, but are they really seeing or are they really looking with their heart? And that's when Paul comes in there and he lays that and he says, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith." Paul is saying, "Our journey, it begins with him and our journey ends with him." And we've got to keep our eyes on Jesus Christ every step of the way. It's like the It's like the man that was that was in the that was that was walking across the tight rope and he was walking across it and he would push the wheelbarrow back and forth. He wasn't looking to this side and he wasn't getting distracted by the crowds that was cheering him on. He was simply looking He was simply looking ahead of him. And that's what Paul is saying to us is is not to not to get distracted by the things of the world because sure there's a lot of distractions in Leoa. Surely there's a lot of things that we could cast our eyes upon because the world is constantly full of noise. It is constantly full of opinions and it is constantly full of spiritual fog where we realize that the smoke of a bottomless pit is constantly rising up and but we've got to come back to the Bible and we've got to come back with a clear and intentional vision that we realize that Jesus Christ we've got to come to a spot where we literally lock our focus in that that Christ is the main thing and we refuse to be distracted by anything that isn't like him to put it in just very elementary uh terms is that God is the only one that deserves our gaze. This word this word focus it means it means to the center of interest or activity. It is the state or quality of having a clear visual definition. And we realize that the Bible tells us that without a vision the people perish. And we realize that if we don't keep our vision clear and if we if we become unstable in our mind and we begin to think this way and think that way, we realize that we're going to get off on this side or the other. And it it means to be a central point of of attention and concentration. And I'll just say this, to me, the message of the hour ought to be our greatest concentration. It ought to be the greatest theme of our life. And that's why when William Brandon would come and preach on Christ, the mystery of God revealed, he would lay in there that he Christ is the preeminence in the church of the living God. And I I really believe that if if Christ is the preeminent in all of all of your do all of your doings in life, I believe that everything will work out okay. It doesn't matter how old you are. It doesn't matter how young you are. It doesn't matter what stage of life that you're in. If you can seek ye first the kingdom of God, then all these things will be added unto you. And to me, it's it's very simple. And I don't mean to I don't mean to be callous about it, and I don't mean to make it just be nonchalant about it, but I simply believe that if you'll put Christ first, then everything's going to be all right. And I I know that we've got young people that come to us and they they want these they want all these answers. They they've got this question. I simply just say, man, put it into put it in back to the scripture. If you'll put him first in everything, if you'll put him first, I believe that if you'll really put him first, then you'll begin to see what the answer to all the questions of life truly is. I'll just be honest, our church name is is our focus. Full Gospel, Lighthouse, Tabernacle. And I believe that ought that ought to be our focus as a church is not lose focus on that. We are not here just to be another church. We are not just here to be another building, but we are here to be a lighthouse in the midst of the darkness of this world that the rest of the world might be sinking and the rest of the world might be going this way and it might be going that way. There's got to be somebody that they can point people back to that those people are a lighthouse. It's just like a sailor when he's out there and he's out there in that storm, he doesn't get distracted by the waves. He doesn't get distracted by what his by what his congregation is saying out there on the on on the ship. He is simply looking at that light. He knows that that light is not moving. The sea might be moving but the light is not moving out there. That's why people have confidence in the message of the hour is because the message is not moving. People might be moving. There might be ideas that are move moving. There might be people that go from this side and go to that side. Don't get distracted. The message ain't changed. You might be in the worst of your times and in the worst of your storms, but keep your eye on this message. I say focus on this message no matter what stage of life that you're in. The man said in Christ is revealed in his own word. He said, "Now the stabilizers has been put on the ship. Great fearful waves are out there before us. But we know just beyond that wave yonder that we're nearing the shore. We're nearing the shore. He said just stay stable. Just stay right in the word. Stay with God. No matter how you feel, what any else anything else, right? Stay right with the word. Let it stay stable when you see all these great big old clouds around us and storms coming and atomic bombs and everything else they're talking about. But our stabilizer is right straight on the word. God said it would be here. And we'll crest every one of them. We'll go right over the top of them. Yes, indeed. They can't sink us. They can't drown us. You put us in the grave and we'll come out of it again. They'll just They're just That's just all there is to it. There ain't no way in the world to keep it down there. We'll crest every one of them cuz our great chief captain is calling on the other side. The message of the hour has seen every wave. The message of the hour has went through all kinds of trials. The message of the hour has went through where ideas of that this was William Brandham's message and it was a man calling a people unto himself. But William Brham was not calling a people unto himself, but he was literally gathering a people unto Jesus Christ. Just like the scripture said, the message has been has seen a lot of storms, but the message has it stabilizers on it and it's crested every single one of them. The message is the true expression of what our Lord is. Now, Brother Man comes in in 1963 and he preaches a very powerful message on the word look. And brother Mhamm lays some very fundamental doctrines in that message and he goes in there and he and he lays some things and if you haven't listened to a while it' be great for you to listen to it. Brother Brandham ties some things in there from the breach to look and he begins to talk about the chasm that God completely done away with it. Brother Brandham said this. He said now faith is designed to see what God wills and wants. And I love that because brother Random doesn't say it doesn't it isn't designed to see what we want, but it's designed to see what God wills and wants. He said there's no knowledge that can do that. Faith alone is designed and gives to the human race to find out what the will of God is. And you take your faith that you've got and it don't focus with the word, then you leave it alone. You've got the wrong kind of faith. But when your God-given faith focus you with the word of God, you're directly in line and zero. Oh my. God, help us in this hour. Great hour that we live in. Faith that is designed to see what God wants. And then he asked the question, how do you see it? How do you see it what God wants? He said, it's through the camera of his word, his promise. He said, this is a full revelation of Jesus Christ. That's how you begin to see what God wills and wants, by the message. It was like a It was like a great uh veteran pastor one time when I just come to the Lord. He said he put it in real plain He put it in real plain language for me. He said to me, he said, "It's like shooting out a rifle." He said, "You've got your front sight and you got your back sight. You know what it is." He said, "But you can take the front sight, the Bible, and you can take the message, and if you'll line it on the target, it'll come out exactly right." You see, we know what this message is called to do. We know what it's sent to do. We know what it's called us for. And we know what God's trying to do with it. And Satan might send a puff of wind and try to knock us out of aim. But if we can ever get in line with what the message says, that's it's easy. It's easy to get consumed with what's going on in the world. And I I I believe that it's an important thing to get uh uh to look at world events. To be honest, the only thing that's worth looking on the news for is what's going on in Russia and what's going on with uh Israel and what's going on, you know, what's going on with the Catholic Church. And it's powerful to look out there and see what William Brandham said in 1954 and then you see the Catholic Pope. It's powerful to watch Russia as begins to be a powerhouse. It's it's amazing to watch uh Revelations 13 and America stepping into that. Amen. It's amazing to get get caught up in studying those things out, but that shouldn't be our focus. We got bigger things than to focus on than a Catholic pope coming in from America. Yeah, that needed to happen. Yeah, it's very important that Russia's rising up as a powerhouse. It's amazing to watch as America is rising up like a powerhouse, but don't miss what is happening in the bride of Jesus Christ. That's the greatest thing for the church to be looking at is this wife, this bride. What God is doing in the midst of her. So God has got to select people that he's begin to focus his attention on through his word. and he begins to come in there and he begins to manifest his glory because he's got certain scriptures that are laid there for him that he's going to fulfill that Christ would be the preeminences in the church just like Joshua and Caleb. They was they was all alone. Everybody else had their focus on everything else. They had their ideas on what what the world politics was doing. And they they looked over there and they seen all them giants and they seen they seen that they look like nothing but a bunch of grasshoppers in the sight of in sight of all of the of all of all the enemies out there. And Caleb and Joshua simply sat there said, "We're more than able to take it." And I love what brother Brandham said. He said the reason why they could say that, he said, "Because they were thoroughbreds." He said they were born different than the rest of them. You see, they were born from above and the rest of the field of them mules were standing out there said, "We'll never be able to take it." But there were some genuine thoroughbreds that had an abstract title deed that knew that that land was there. Let me just put it in very plain language. They saw giants. They saw obstacles. When I come back from Canada in a month or so, I'm going to preach a sermon on there. We saw giants. And they they begin to see these giants. Sure, Caleb saw it. Sure, Joshua saw it. But that didn't obstruct their focus. They didn't get off and say, "Well, it's too big. They're too great. There's too they're too monstrous. The land's too much for us. We won't be able to handle it." They simply focused themsel back to the promise. So, let me just grab a little inspiration right there. There is a lot of giants in the land right now. Leodysa is a giant. Sin is a giant. Cancer is a giant. But we had a prophet stand in a cave with an angel and said that not even cancer would stand before your prayer. Yes, there's a lot of giants out there, but we're not focused on the giants. David wasn't focused on the giant. David was focused on what God said. Yes, there's giants out there. Yes, Leodysa is out there. Yes, Sodom is out there. But that's not my focus. I was talking to brother Matthew and Sister Heather today while I was getting my haircut and I was talking about how bad I hate flying. I get I get heartburn from flying. It's a it's one of the greatest things to watch to watch an eagle and the right brothers catch that inspiration and they they gathered that from an eagle and man it's amazing thing when everything goes right but man when it goes wrong it's bad. We just talking about talking about where I lose my cool real quick when when I know people are supposed to be doing their jobs and they don't. So anyways, well I was just simply saying I was simply saying this that I I I despise flying in a sense because it all all the things that could go wrong. But even in that as much as I hate it, I keep going. Why? Because I'm focused on one thing. And you may not understand why, brother Ron, or why why these brothers keep going and why go preaching. It's not because we want attention of going to preach in this meeting and that meeting. My focus is on that last seat. And I really don't care. I really don't care how it's got to come. But I'm focused even though I may hate something or doing something this way. I got to go because I've been commissioned to preach this message to go into all the world and preach this until every creature's heard it. You might despise, you might despise witnessing on your job, but you got to be focused. Let me say this. Full gospel lighthouse. Do not lose your focus. This message is our everything. It's like Sister Gabrielle saying it tonight. To me, he's become my everything. He's every I owe everything to him. If it wasn't for this message, me and you wouldn't be standing here. We wouldn't know about William Brham. We wouldn't know about Ed Bisll. We wouldn't know about Homer Frasier. We wouldn't know about Charlie Spencer. The message has been the thing that brought us together. To be honest, all of the exams would not be here. All of the believers from North Carolina wouldn't be here. All of Elton would not be here. Things would be much different had it not been for this message. But because of this message has been so great, I can tell you the world could not save me. Religion could not save me. Everything the world had could not save me. But the message of the hour changed my life. I once was this way. But from that time, what are you saying? I'm saying that ain't the end of my story. Yeah, there's giants over there. But yes, that's where giants fall. Yes, there's cancer out there, but that's where cancer falls. Yes, there's Jericho walls out there, but that's where Jericho walls fall. You've got to remain focused because yes, there's things out there in front of you. But don't worry about what other people say about it. Don't get worried because the crowd doesn't follow it. majority, the majority doesn't want the message. Who cares? Because I had a prophet tell me between one and Christ is a majority. He said, if he's got one, if he's got one and you got Christ, he said, you and Christ together is the majority. Who cares if the world doesn't want this message? I want this message. Who cares if they turn it down? I want this message. That's what Caleb and Joshua was doing. They were focusing. Who? There's a lot of people that didn't run well, but what hindered them? What hindered them was they could not focus. What was they looking at? Literally, you think about it. What was different about them? I'll say it like this. They had something different on the inside of them. They were looking at the unseen because the things they were seeing was temporal. But the things that they were not seeing was eternal. And they didn't see Abraham. Joshua never sat down in fellowship with Abraham. But he had had fellowship with the same one that was speaking to Abraham. I never met William Brham, but I met the same one that he was fellowshipping with. I never met Congressman Upshaw. I never saw him got healed. But I have watched people in that same condition. I've watched little girls get up out of a wheelchair because of the message. Now, this is young people that to me if you if you can just capture the power of this quote. Brother man was speaking about Abraham. He said, "And after looking to the unseen, he called those things which were not as though they were." He said he got a glimpse of the unseen. That word glimpse is a brief or a partial view. He just caught a glimpse of it. Just the glimpse was enough. You know, I I think I don't think that we're anything special. I don't I'm going to say something. I don't think we're I don't think that our church is any different than any other church except for we invite the Holy Spirit to do what he said he would do. But then you find people that that labor for one time in his presence. I I've been privileged to be on the other side of things where people have said they had never experienced what you experience seem like every single weekend. And when when I hear those things, you don't know the burden that it puts on me, but you don't realize what you're going to be held accountable for. To be honest, who could say they have felt the presence of the Lord? I have sat down with young people and the first time they ever felt it said, "We've never felt that in our church. We never been offered that opportunity." I've sat down with elders and they said, "Well, we've never been into a place." And I think about how many times, brother Samuel, Brother Chester, where we sat there and he comes time after time after time. It's kind of like the woman when she had chose the wrong life and she had done a lot of bad deeds. Her focus was on some things of the world and it gave her some living. But she heard about a man that could change her story. And she she walked into a crowd and the rest of the crowd sitting around there and they're not paying him an attention. To be honest, Jesus ain't the focus of the party. But this woman is so focused. She is driven. She's driven when when there's scoffers there, there's mockers there, there's people there that are just there to make fun of Jesus. This woman is focused. She is intentional in her praise and she takes everything that she had that she worked for doing the wrong kind of a deeds and she was focused. She didn't care when the man told her said, "You're spending too much money on this." Oh, she was focused. She didn't care when she walked in that crowd and she was dirty. She was focused. She didn't care when others said she's wretched. She's she shouldn't even be in the room. She was focused. She didn't care what Simon said about her. She was focused. He Jesus did not even care what Peter and the other brothers are sitting there, what they said about him. And if he really was a prophet, then he wouldn't allow this woman to touch him. He was focused. You're going to have this side and you're going to have that side. You're always going to be that way. It's always no matter where we go, no matter how how high we get in the spiritual realm, there's always going to be the side that says you shouldn't get that high. And then there's going to be those ones that said, you know what, we ought to be up there, but we we really can't get up there. Just thank God that you're up there. You're always going to have people that can't ride the middle of the road, but Isaiah 35 said, "Stay right in the highway." This is my focus. This woman was intentional. To be honest, she went in there with such focus that she didn't even care if Jesus was going to turn her away. She had intent. To me, it's overwhelming to think that she didn't even realize what she was doing, but she was so intent on fulfilling prophecy. Let me get back to this quote that's free. Brother man said he said when a man once catches that vision of the invisible God and knows that he's always present he said there's something that stabilizes that man's thinking it stabilizes his action in the time of distress and in trouble it'll still make him look upward and above the things that are happening around him because he's looking at the unseen. You see the unseen makes the gospel present. You look at when you begin to think about how that Jesus how Jesus would come in and God would come in there and he makes the gospel present. Abraham had failures. Abraham saw impossibilities. Abraham he looked at the mistakes that he had. He saw the complications of Sarah. To be honest, he saw his own body. His own body kept letting him down. But he had to focus himself away. Something on the inside of him caused him to stabilize himself. In the midst of it all, in the midst of it all, he focused himself to the unseen. And to me, it is simply amazing that God uses imperfect people throughout the Bible to bring about his perfect plans. Abraham failed him. Moses had a temper. Jacob was a deceiver. David committed adultery. Peter denied the Lord's rights. Paul beat the Christians. But God consistently worked through imperfection people. He worked through flawed individuals because he was focused. To me, I was I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just I'm caught up in this thought. To me, I I just sat and I began to think about this and it it just it overwhelmed me in my study today. You see the imperfections of people and you see the mistakes in them. You see the mistakes in Abraham. You see the mistakes in Moses. You see the mistakes in Isaiah. You see the mistakes in Ezekiel. You see the mistakes in Joseph. You see the mistakes. You see it all. You flip over to them few pages between Matthew and Malachi. I'm I'mma drop some stuff out my Bible. It's pretty thin to be honest. If you really wanted to, you could probably see from the front to the back because that paper's real thin. On this side, Abraham makes mistakes. And on this side, he don't make mistakes. On this side, Moses is guilty. On this side, Moses is perfect. On this side, Joseph got in trouble. On this side, Joseph is perfect. It's amazing to me how God used imperfect people to bring about a perfect plan. And I was sitting in my study and I was thinking about this today. It overwhelmed me that God had people that was so f Abraham was focused. He left his mother. He left his father. He left everything that he knew to go out to a land that he never saw. He saw Moses that left everything that he ever was raised up to be. He left it all to go wondering in the backside of a desert. You look at Joseph, he gave up everything. He told his dream to his own flesh and blood and his own brothers. His own brothers was focused about being greater in the midst of their father. Glory be to God. But it didn't stop Jacob. He still it didn't stop Joseph. He still told his dream. Can you imagine Joseph knowing he's a little bitty boy? Can you imagine these young boys having a dream of their mother, their father, and all their brothers bowing down before him? And Joseph's in a pit and he still had a dream. Joseph is in Piper's house and he still got a dream. He's down in a prison and he still Hallelujah. and he still got a dream. He rises the second in command and he still got a dream. He was focused. You don't even realize what is what is moving you, but something is moving you. But this is what made me want to shout all over my house today. Can you imagine how focused God is? Yeah, Abraham's going to make mistakes, but I'm still going to use him. Yes, Moses is going to make mistakes, but I'm still going to use him. Yes, they're going to fall, but I'm still going to use them. Yes, they're not going to understand, but I'm still going to use them. God is so focused on getting you to your position that he doesn't care how he's got to get you there. You hear some of your stories, you just got to you you know God's got a sense of humor. Like how David Pierce is in the building. You know God's got a you know good and well God's got a sense of humor when he when he called me to preach. You know good and well he you know good and well he's got a good sense of humor. when he called Homer Fraser. We were talking about it this week. His grandfather, Brother Duck's grandfather, was paid was paid to fight people in bars, made a living that way. And here, our former pastor, you know, God's got a sense of humor, raised up in a in a bootleggger's home, but he chooses him to preach this message. You know, God ain't concerned about where you came from and this generation and that generation and and that curse and that idea and what this one says about you and what that one says about you. God is focused on getting his seed to its destination. And God is not dying in how he gets you there. He might have to take you through trial. He might have to take you through circumstances. He might have to take you through the hall of critics. But God is so focused. Let the world say this. Let the church say that. But God is focused. [Applause] I'm sorry. I'm taking too long. I got to get focused and preach. Colossians 3:1. If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above and not on the things of this earth. For you are dead and your life is head with Christ in God. Brother Manam said, "And how can I overcome?" He said, "This is the age of the personal life of Jesus Christ." Brother Manam said, he said, "You know the prophet watched nature." He said, "I was out there and he said, "I was watching that that tree." He said, "I jumped up on that old on that old beach tree." And he said, he said, "I looked at it." He said, "It looked great on the outside." He said, "But as soon as I jumped on it," he said, "A big chunk fell off of it." He said, "It taught me a lesson." He said, "Even though it was living right there where the water was," he said, "the" He said, "The secret to life, the secret to overcoming is to keep life in you." Let me let me just say it like this. If you want to live an overcoming life, you got to stay focused to be in the presence of almighty God. Let me say God is eternal. But you are his attributes. Let me say you're not a reformation work. You're restoration. Let me say this. You're not an afterthought. You're not an aftermarket. You're original. And if you are original, that means you can be restored. An aftermarket. Hallelujah. An aftermarket is simply an afterthought that somebody else can replace and replace and replace. But the bride of Jesus Christ is irreplaceable. You are restorable even no matter how far in sin you may have fallen. When you look in Luke 13 and 16 and you look there, this woman had been bowed down for 18 years with an infirmity. Hallelujah. She was not an afterthought. She was not an aftermarket, but she was restorable. She had been 18 years. I'm sorry. I'm just I'm focused now. I'm focused on a target and I'm going to get the devil. She had been bowed down. You remember when the prophet would talk about that woman in South Africa? He said, "I couldn't see her out there." He said she was bowed down. He said when I he said she was below them. He said but when I started praying for her, he said you could hear all of them bones in her back cracking and she stood up and he said she was about 6' tall by the time she got done cracking her back back in place. This woman in Luke 13, Jesus looks on this woman and she has been bowed down to the earth. Let me say it like this. She had her focus on the ground. You ever been in a spot like that where you know how to get healed and you know how to get delivered and you know how to get set free, but you are in such a spot. You ever got in that spot where you know all the answers? You know all the scriptures? I know I I know I'm pe I'm preaching to the right people. I'm a preacher and I've got here before. I know all the answers. I know how to overcome. I know how to live a victorious life. I know how to whip the devil. But you ever got to that spot in your life where you know all the answers and you know what to say and you know how to say it and you still just can't get out of that that glooiness that you're in. And the devil beats you around because because literally you can't get yourself up out of it. You can you can play music. You can you can sing all the right songs. You can amen at the right time. You you become well-versed in the scriptures and you just can't get yourself up out of it. But let me say this to you. You don't have to get yourself up out of it. When the son of Abraham says, "Don't you worry. I'm gonna get you up." The Bible said that she couldn't even lift herself up. But when Jesus touched her, all of a sudden, he said the Bible said that she was immediately well. This is this is so important to me because you got Jesus, you got the infirmity, and you got the self-righteous message believers on this side. You know what? But if he really knew what he was doing, he'd recognize that we're on the Sabbath day. What kind of prophet is he? He knows we don't do those things. I love what Jesus tells him. You know good and well, you walk out there and you take your donkey and you go out there and you water it. How much more, notice what Jesus does. How much more should this daughter of Abraham, he didn't identify her with her bondage or her infirmity. Why? Because she was already healed. Do you realize that your situation releases the almighty God? To show forth himself. Abraham was a father of faith. But when he goes up in Genesis 22 on Mount Mariah, when he goes up there and he takes Isaac, let me say this. Abraham was focused. Just to be honest, you'd have to be focused to do what he's getting ready to do. I'd say he wouldn't even think about what Sarah's going to say. You mean to tell me that you going to take the boy that I I went through menstrual cycle after menstrual cycle knowing knowing that I wasn't pregnant and you going to take him up there on that mountain just because that voice that you don't see he's just talking to you and tells you to crucify him? Abraham wasn't worried about what she was going to say. Abraham wasn't even worried about the gentleman that was with him because the gentlemen that were with him knew he was going for sacrifice. He had wood and he had fire. They done watched Abraham worship a few times. So they knew he had to have a sacrifice up there. But Abraham was focused. He was focused on getting this position. He was focused on obeying what God said. And Abram got himself into a place that he literally prophesied Isaac back before it could ever happen. Do you realize that you don't even realize sometimes what you're saying, but you're bringing an attribute right out of God? This woman in Luke 13, she didn't realize that morning when she woke up that the day that her focus was going to change. Abraham didn't realize when he was climbing that mountain up there that he was getting ready to bring something out of Jehovah that had never been shown before. But because of his faith, Gyra, Gyra was produced because of Abraham's faith. Do you realize that what happened right there on that mountain has released Gyra to your situation? That he turned around and said because you obey me that in blessing I'll bless thee and in multiplying I'll multiply that I will bless not only your seed but thy seed seed. What am I saying? I'm saying he is Gyra, the provider for your children's children that ain't even here yet. I'm saying this so loud that he is Jehovah Gyra for Noah's children and and for Titus's children. Hallelujah. Before they're even in the picture, he was Jehovah Gyra. Before Isaac got on the mountain, God was focused to produce a lamb. Before he went to Pilot's judgment hall, Jesus was focused. Wow. This message. Notice what the Bible said. I'm I'm just going to kindness down. Hebrews 10:35 says, "Cast not away, therefore, your confidence, which hath great recompense of reward. For ye have need of patience, that after you have done the will of God, you might receive the promise. For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come and will not tarry. The just shall live by faith. But if any man draw back, my soul hath no pleasure in him. So the Bible shows us a very clear there's that there's two choices between in the directions of life. Not to lose your confidence just because you don't see it. Not to lose when you you've got to make as a Christian, you've got to make the right choices. And as a Christian, you're going to have to make some hard choices. To be honest, you're going to have to take the high road a lot of times. And the high road is a lot of times a harder road. It's got a lot of mountain tops. It's got a lot of rocky edges. It's got a lot of times where the enemy can come in there and he can blow all kinds of slippery slopes in there. To be honest, the other side or the other choice is a lot easier, but it doesn't have the same reward as taking the higher road. To be honest, you're going to be you're going to be up there on that mountain. You're going to go through spots when you get lonely. You're going to go through spots when you're all alone up there. But to be honest, it is the greatest spot where you can be an example is when you choose this path that no matter what comes, the distractions that may come, the troubles that may come, the slippery slopes that might come, you don't have to worry about cuz God's got a lifeline around you and he's going to guide you right all the way through. He's going to take you all the way. Don't you get worried about the high tops and whether you can see because the fog on the mountain or not. Don't lose your confidence cuz you ain't seen him on the mountain yet. Well, Andrew, you got no idea what I've been through. I'm going say this. When you're tempted to falter in your faith, keep climbing. Keep climbing. I I know I know I told this at a camp one time. I don't know if I ever told it here or not, but there was a guy that was flying a plane one time that he flying this plane and he kept hearing this he kept hearing this uh kept hearing this noise sound like a rat and he hear it down there and it it's chomping on the wires and all the all the instruments. He got nervous like, man, I I'm up here flying. This thing eats through my wires and all my contacts and all these things. I'm a pretty much bad deal. Said, "Man, if I don't if I don't if I if I don't find this rat," and he couldn't find it nowhere. So then all of a sudden, it hit him. So, you know what? That thing ain't built to fly up as high. So, he just kept climbing higher, kept climbing higher, and it got colder, and it got colder, and it got colder. And he said before long he said that gnawing stopped. He said I couldn't hear that mouse chewing on them promises no more and saying that they were for days gone by and for the miracle days of miracles has passed. He said I just kept climbing. I just kept climbing. I just kept climbing. He didn't hear the chatter the squirrel no more. You know what I'm saying? I say this. If you keep climbing, the rat will die. You keep climbing then the things that are bothering you will die. Because the more you fly higher. When you get tempted to falter in your faith, let me say this. Remind yourself of how good God was yesterday. And remind yourself of how good God was the day before. Because if you can remember how good God was yesterday and the day before and the day before that, it'll give you faith to go through the present. And I say this, the God of my past that was guiding me is good enough to take me to my future. He is coming for them that love his appearing. And that's what he's coming for. Those that look unto him for his appearing. Let me say this. Don't you get distracted. Stay focused. Why did he send this message? Brother Ram taught us. He said, "Now look." He said, "His coming and his appearance is two different things." He said, "Notice." He said, "That's why he's appearing to us right now to show forth his power, his glory." When you look and you see Malachi 4, you see Luke 17, and you see Revelations 10, you see all these promises fulfilled, you are watching his appearing, stay focused. He's coming. I I'm I'm closing and and musicians could come. I didn't get focused enough to preach all my thoughts. So, I guess that'll be a part two for somebody. But Job knew that his redeemer was going to live. Brother said his body had got to such a spot. He said it was only a spoonful of his ashes left. He said, "But yet before him was a vision that I know that my redeemer lives, and when he saw him, he recognized this is his coming." What has this message been doing? You've watched his appearing, it's made you ready for his coming. I say stay focused right there. Don't lose your sight. Don't lose your sight on what's going on around you. Just stay focused. Just stay focused on him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me maybe we have that song in the morning when I rise. Give me Jesus. [Music] In the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I rise. Oh, give me Jes. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Applause] You can have his soul. Give me Jesus. Oh, where I am with praise. Oh, when I am in prayer. When I am in pray. Oh, give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all this world Jesus. Oh, when I am alone. When I [Music] Oh, when I am alone, Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. [Music] [Applause] You can have this for Jes. Yes. Christ alone will I glory. Oh, I could find myself as [Music] I've been blessed beyond measure and only by strength I will become. [Music] I can stop sexies [Music] to Praise the Lord which I sing [Music] in Christ alone. I praise my trust and find my glory. The power of the cross in every victory. [Music] Oh, let it be said. Help me, my source of strength. My soul support is Christ alone. In Christ alone will my glory. Oh, divine grace high and only his spare mercies can reach beyond my weakness. [Music] Oh, now I see the rain and trust me [Music] for the gloral of my Lord. Oh [Music] Christ [Music] my [Music] glory in the power of the hetory. Let it be said of me. My soul shall train. My soul is Christ. It won't be long. And then we'll be leaving him. Oh, it won't be long. [Music] Oh, and we'll be going home. It won't be long. Oh, it won't be long. [Music] And then we'll be leaving here and we won't be long. [Music] Oh, and we'll be going home. Oh, [Music] and count the years as Oh, and count the months as we and count the weeks last days any day now [Music] and we'll be going home. Count the years. Oh, count the years as much. Oh, and count the months as weeks [Music] and count the weeks as a day now. [Music] You know, a lot of times we don't even realize we're in the middle of the supernatural. Amen. Cuz Peter, when he stepped out on the water and he saw the Lord coming, Peter knew what it was like to walk on the supernatural. And it was Peter that had his eyes on Christ and he got out there and he walked in the middle of the supernatural. You don't even realize sometimes you're just walking in some of the greatest supernatural moments. You know, I I I love Peter's story because as long as Peter was focused, as long as Peter kept his eyes on Jesus, he stayed walking on the water. When he started looking at this and he started looking at that, he started to sink. Jesus stayed right there. He stayed right there. He didn't move. He didn't move. He didn't move. A lot of times that's where we are. We're walking right in the middle of the supernatural. Sometimes you don't even realize you're walking in the greatest miracle that you're ever walking. And all of a sudden then distractions come. You watch when every time brother Brandon comes to a a prayer line and the supernatural is taking place. You watch him start talking. He say, "You see them lines moving right there? They're calling for one another." What was it? It was those demons trying to call and distract from the miracle happening. And I love Peter's story because when he got his eyes back on the Lord, he started walking in the supernatural again. And I say that if you can stay focused on this message, it's not that we're not focused. It's not that Brother Brandham wasn't sincere, but the angel said, "You got to be more sincere." It's not that we don't we're not focused people. There's so many distractions to take our mind off of this message. I say if you get your eyes on the Lord, you keep your vision right on the Lord and you'll walk right back in the supernatural again because it's going to take a supernatural for a body change. Let's sing that one more time. It won't be long. Oh, it won't [Music] And we believe in [Music] it won't be and we'll be going home. It won't be long. It won't be hard. [Music] It won't be long and soon we go home. Count the wind. Count as much [Music] and count the months as we count the week last day any day. It will be going home. Oh, count me. and countries as one and count the free. [Music] We know we love [Music] People say that our God [Music] has no power or might. [Music] They deny that he's living. Think this baby alive. We can help that they say these for they do not understand. They just want to reason. Say Jesus was just a man. [Music] Oh, what about the truth? What about the life? What about the messy? Is it still alive? Oh, just look upon his goodness that he's done in your life. Oh, it's not just some story. Oh, God's power is alive. There's no purpose in leaving for God's voice in this day. Don't need to reason. [Music] Oh, the world's filthy way. [Music] See, we have a vision and no power can hold us back. [Music] Just stay faithful with Jesus. and he'll keep you on track. Oh, what about the truth? Oh, what about the lie? Oh, what about me? Is it still alive? Oh, just look upon his good name that he's done in your life. Oh, it's not just some story. [Music] Oh, God's power. Oh, this is still the truth. Oh, this still the truth. [Music] Oh, and this still alive. [Music] Oh, and this is still the message. And yes, he is alive. Oh, just think upon the good things that he's done in your life. Oh, it's not just so [Music] verse to begin. There's no purpose in leaving. [Music] Oh, God's voice in this day. Won't only mean to reason. Oh, the world's busy way. [Music] Oh, sing we have a vision. And no power can hold us back. Just stay faithful with Jesus and he'll keep you on track. Oh, what about the truth? Oh, what about the lie? What about the message? Is it still alive? Or just think [Music] that he's done in your life. [Music] Oh, it's not just some story. [Music] Oh, God's power is Oh, I sing again. This is still the truth. Oh, this still the truth. Oh, and this still the lie. Oh, the ste. Yes, it is. Oh, you speak upon his goodness that he's done your [Applause] [Music] Oh, his story. Oh, God's power is Oh, just give him praise in the house of the Lord this morning. We shall not lose our focus because this is still the truth, the message and the life. Amen. Let the worshippers are lies. Let's just worship him. Father, I see that you are drawing the line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Just let him leading me to see my praise. Oh the s Oh yeah. Let the worship. [Music] Let the sons in the darkness see. Oh, I surrender my heart. [Music] Oh yeah. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise and sing. Oh, let the worshipers arise. Oh, just give him praise. Worship. [Music] Oh, he's worthy. [Music] Oh, surrendering my heart. [Music] was surrender to the king [Music] and father I hear growing louder. Oh the song of your redee who has the saints of every nation who are awakening to sing. From our hearts the come and thorn. Oh the praises ring the se to our king. Let the worshipers so high. Oh yeah. Let the sons and daughters see me. [Music] Oh, I surrender my surrender. [Music] Oh, one more time. Let the worippers around. Let the worshipers around. [Applause] Let the suns. [Music] [Music] Oh, I surrender to you. You're dismissed this evening. God bless you. Oh, let the worship around.
