################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Satan Makes An Offer - Bro. Ron Spencer on May 4th, 2025 - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    "Satan Makes An Offer" - Bro. Ron Spencer on May 4th, 2025
Speaker:  Ron Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiPsW5gLKIs
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. Hallelujah. [Music] Yeah. L. [Music] I [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I can see in the trouble times. See when I can see when I lose my step and fall down again. I can see cuz you pick me up. I can see cuz you live. I can see cuz you hear me Lord when I call to you in prayer next I can sing with my last breath will sing for I know that I'll sing with the angels and the saints around the throne. [Music] Oh, how can I keep from singing your [Music] praise? How could I ever say enough? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I'm loved by the king and it makes my Oh, let's sing it again. How can I keep from singing your [Music] grace? How could I ever say love? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I'm loved by the king and it makes my heart. Won't you sing? Amen. Is that what you desire this morning? Just being loved by the King. It makes you want to give praises to him this morning. Amen. My, what a wonderful service we had last night. We're expecting great things again this morning, aren't we? Won't you just turn and greet your neighbor? We want to welcome each and every one of you in the house of the Lord this morning. Thankful for our visitors, everyone that's streaming in this morning. God richly bless you. Blessing us, oh, Lord, I want to love you more. [Music] I want to love you [Music] more than I ever had before. You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to love you. Just sing it to him this morning. Lord, I want to love you [Music] more than I ever have before. Oh, you're so easy to adore. Lord, I want you. Oh sisters, here's your part. Sing it to him now. Lord, I want to love you more than I ever. [Music] All right, brothers, let's sing it to him this morning. Oh Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have [Music] before. For you're so easy to adore. And Lord, I want all right. all together just worshiping him this morning. And Lord, I want to be more than I ever before. You're so easy to adore. [Music] He's got it all in control. Amen. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in [Music] control. He put that reassuring, great help in my soul. He's got it all in control. We'll sing it to him again. He's got it all. He's got it all in control. But he's got it all in control. He put that on the reur. [Music] He's got it all. Can we say I put my life in his hands this morning? Oh, I put my life in his hand. I put my life in his hand. [Music] Every road I walk down, I know is in his place. I put my life. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. And my father knows what I need. [Music] In everything I go through, he knows what's in place for me. My father knows. Oh, listen. He's got it all in [Music] control. Boy, he's got it all in [Music] control. He's got it all in control. [Music] Oh, he put that [Music] reassur in my soul. He's got it all in control. Amen. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Well, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to [Music] bleed. Hoping we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before. Oh, in the preious name of my Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to breathe. Oh, we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before. Oh king the rightous the name of my Jesus. Oh we have the victory. Oh let's sing in the name of Jesus. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Oh, we have the [Music] victory. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Demon, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. My my m. Well, I told Satan, you better get thee behind. Cuz of victory today, it is mine. Let's sing it again. Victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is my my life. Well, I told Satan, you better get deep behind cuz of victory today. It is mine. I woke up this morning. Well, I woke up this morning. No, I did not have a doubt. See, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." But like I sing and shout, "Victory." Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory today. It is mine. My my Well, I told Satan you better get behind cause of victory today. It is the singing. I woke up this morning again. Well, I woke up this morning. No, I did not have a doubt. See, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, so I got down on my knees. Well, I said, "Lord, help me, please." Well, I got singing and shouting, "Victory." Can you say, "I got the victory. Victory is mine." Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory today. It is mine. Mine, mine. lie towards Satan. You better get deep behind cause of victory today is mine. Give the Lord praise this morning. I believe there's some people in the building that can say, "I have the victory this morning." You are my champion. Let's go D on that. And you are my champion. Giants fall when you stand undefeated. Every battle you are. I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. Higher seated in the heavenly place [Music] deferred. Let's sing it again. You are my champion. You are my champion. Giants fall when you stand. I'm defeated. Every battle you are. I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. I see it in the place undefeated with the one who has conquered it all. I've tried so hard to see. It's hurt me so long to believe it. Then you choose someone like me and to carry your victory. [Music] Perfection could never you give what you know [Music] deserve. You take the broken feet and raise them to glory. You are much happier. Oh, child. Oh yeah. Everyone who I am who you say I am. You with the bre I am seated in [Music] the defeated. Oh, let's sing it one more time. You are my champion. For you are my [Music] champion. For the giants far away [Music] standing. Every battle you won. Oh, I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. I am seated in the heavenly undefeated with the one who has [Music] as they play that softly this morning. Aren't you so thankful that we have a champion in the room this morning that come by our way and just touch each one of these requests that we're going to lift up this morning. I want to continue to remember all of our elderly, the ones that can't make it in the house of the Lord. We want to pray for our pastor that God will touch him this morning, strengthen him in his body. Uh he will be having a biopsy on his kidneys on Wednesday, so want to remember him on that. Also want to continue to lift up sister Donna Ber, brother Tom Ber's wife fighting that cancer as well. Uh just be remembering brother Marcus and sister Phyllis's brother Roby. Uh he had a stroke on Friday. So just be remembering them that God would just touch his body. Want to pray for our brother Bill and sister Teresa Delaney. Sister Teresa goes to the UVA Cancer Center on Wednesday. uh to meet the with the doctors there. So just pray for her. We want to continue to lift up our sister Sue Lambert that God would just touch her and body and strengthen her and everything that she has going on there in her body as well as uh sister Lorie Snow there in Seattle in the hospital. So I want to pray for her and thankful to have sister Sarah Hankle back here with us this evening. So just be uh thankful for that. Please keep Luther in your prayer. He has been in the hospital since Tuesday, a week ago. He has an ulcer on his foot. They have done a skin graft on Wednesday. The doctor wasn't really happy about with the progress yesterday. So, if not better today or tomorrow, they may have to do some more. So, just be praying for that brother Lofer there. This comes from brother Joe Green and the congregation there. Brother Ron, brother Andrew in church. Please pray for mama on Tuesday. She is having cataract surgery. Thank you, Sister Barbara Frasier. Please remember my uncle Michael Lamb in prayer. He was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer this week. Thank you, Sister Wanda Hinkle. Dear church, amen. And that's Sister Sue Lambert. We want to continue to remember her in our prayer. Uh church family, please remember Sister Teresa Gordon's son, Derek Gordon, and prayer. We have some ring going on up here, brothers. Sounds like in a barrel. So, if you would help me out there. Uh he will be having surgery uh tomorrow morning at 11:15. Thank you, Sister Darlene. So, just remember Sister Teresa, gooden son, Derek Gordon there. How many of them to have an unspoken request? Say, "Lord, just pass by my way." Amen. I'm going to ask brother William if he would just come pray over these needs for us. Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you in prayer. Lord, we come before Lord the presence of almighty God. Lord, the lord of lord and the king of kings. Father, Lord, the author of life and the giver of every good gift. Lord, death could not hold you. Hell could not keep you. But you rose triumphantly, Lord. Father God, you sent your spirit, Lord, in your church to continue the works, Lord, to proclaim that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, you're living in us, Lord. And you have a bride ministry upon the earth. And Lord, we come before you in prayer, Lord. And we just lift up every request, Lord, that was raised, Lord. Father God, there were many requests, but Lord, you're not overwhelmed because you're God. But Lord Jesus, we just ask that you pass by each and every situation, each and every doctor appointment. Lord, we lift up, Lord, Brother Bill and Sister Teresa, Lord, to you, Lord. You see everything they're going through, Lord. Pray that you just strengthen them, Lord, and help them, Father. Lord, and give them faith, oh God, to stand knowing that you're the master of all circumstances, Lord. You're the master of the wind and every storm that comes. You speak peace to our storms. Lord, we lift up Sister Sue, Lord. We just lift her up in your presence even now and pray that you go by her way, Lord, and give her a divine touch. Lord, for brother Ron, Lord, pray that you help him. And Lord, we're expecting a good report this Wednesday, Lord, when they do that biopsy because we're taught by your word to be in constant expectation and to look at the things that are unseen. We look at your word and your promise this morning for every uplifted hand, for every life behind the hand, for every life behind every request that was read. We just pray you go by their way, Lord, and just have your way in their lives, Lord. We just submit ourselves to you. We humble ourselves before you. And we ask, Lord, if there's anything that's not pleasing to you, Lord, in our lives, take it away. We want to walk pleasing to you, Lord. We just pray you lead us and guide us. Bless the word as it goes forth. Break the word of eternal life, Father, for we are hungry. We look to you for all that we have deemed of. Bless the offering, Lord. Bless every aspect of the service. And we give you all the praise, honor, and glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask these things. [Music] Amen. Amen. I want to remember uh not remember this will be a new announcement here, but uh we're going to have brother Timothy Puit here with us next weekend. So, just be praying for that that God will just uh minister to us through him. Amen. As we receive this morning's offering, you give as God's blessed you. Let's sing a song. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I still got it up here. Amen. Got Jesus with me, too. But I still got a little ring and a little echo. So, let's uh we can try to work this out. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but my Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. My Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus set me free. And I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting the victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Are you so glad about it? I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. You can be seated this morning. I'm have brother Randall come sing for us. And we'll have sister Julia after him this morning. This song was on my heart last night after service. Um, I just want to thank God for the service we had and the touch he gave us. And I was laying in bed last night and the song just kept rolling over and over in my mind. And I thought, Lord, if if I'm called to sing tomorrow, this is the one you have for me. God sent his [Music] son. They called him Jesus. [Music] He came to love, heal, and forive. He lived and he died to buy my heart. That empty grave is there to prove my savior. [Music] How sweet to [Music] old [Music] baby and feel the pride and joy they give. [Music] Oh, the gater still comes show us that child. They can face uncertain days because he lives because he lives. [Music] Oh, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All my fear is [Music] gone because I know. Oh yes, I know he holds my [Music] future. The living just because he live. [Music] And then one [Music] day I'll cross that river. I'll fight. The final war with pain. But then as death breaks way to victory. Thank God I see the lives of glory and I know he lives because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All my fear is [Music] gone. Because I know. Oh yes, I know. He holds my future. His life it is worth the living just because he lives. I really love this last verse. Oh, then one day I'm going to cross that river. I'll find lies [Music] fine. Oh, the final war with pain. [Music] But then as death breaks through to victory. I see the lights of glory and I know you live. It's because you live. Oh, I can face [Music] tomorrow. Oh, because you live. All my fear is gone. [Music] Because I know, oh yes, I know you hold my future. Oh, and life is worth the living just because he liv because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future. This life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You are the healer, the healer of my [Music] heart, the maker and the God of all we [Music] are. I was the [Music] broken vessel in your hand. You looked beyond the hurten, made me whole [Music] again. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord I give my life to you. Love that you saw before I knew you. has brought me near to where you [Music] are now. I live to praise you ever. May I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] Nothing compares Lord to knowing you and seeing what the grace of God can do. [Music] You faithfully sought me when you called me your own. And you made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. Oh, healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my life to [Music] you. A love that saw before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. Nothing compares Lord to knowing you and see what the grace of God can do. [Music] You faithfully sought me when you called me your own. And you made a way to bring my wondering heart back home. [Music] You're the healer of the broken pieces. You've touched my heart and made it [Music] new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my life to you. Love that song before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you for you're the heater of my heart. Healer of the broken [Music] pieces. You've touched my heart and made it new. And now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the men. Lord, I give myself to [Music] you. It's a love that sought before I knew [Music] you. It's brought me near to where you [Music] are now. I live my life to praise you. Ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my [Music] heart. Hallelujah. Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place. We wouldn't give a million dollars for what we feel this morning. Amen. Would you stand with us this morning as we bow on this morning? Take these [Music] hands and lift them up. [Music] For I have not the strength to praise you [Music] near. For I have [Music] nothing. I have nothing. Oh, without you. Oh, take my voice and pour it [Applause] out. Let it sing a song of mercy I have found. For I am nothing. I am nothing but without you. Oh, just lift your voice and your hands to him this morning. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. the world. They will see me. Oh, without you. Oh, take my body and fill it up. [Music] They hit me broken as an offering of [Applause] Lord. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. will take my time here on this earth and let it glorify all that you are. For I am nothing. [Music] I love nothing. [Music] without you and all my [Music] soul needs is all your love to cover the world. They will see that I have nothing. Oh, without a [Music] wonder how alone I was feeling. In the emptiness I try so hard to hide. Though I laugh and said my life was mine without [Music] you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. But then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you show you called Cal there you die and purchase my redemption. Oh, when you broke s power and set my spirit free. Oh, I'm amazed. As brother Ron comes, let's sing it unto the Lord. Aren't you thankful for the love of Christ? Oh, I'm amazed at how you came and through the blood. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh my sins are washed. Let's sing that verse again. That chorus. I'm amazed. Oh, I'm [Music] amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. [Music] Through your precious blood I [Music] found and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh my sins are wash away. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? I'm glad they're washed away. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord. And what a presence we feel this morning. And why don't you just greet your neighbors right there? We're going to spend eternity together. And Amen. Amen. I bless you. Amen. Amen. So thankful for the songs this morning, last night's service. I don't, you know, I just sometimes wonder how much better it can get and then it does. Amen. And so I just I kind of had a hard time going to sleep last night after all of that. And so that was just it was just really great. One reason an old man's trying to follow a young man. So I don't know. Amen. So glad to have each and every one of you with us and so thankful for what the Lord did for Sister Dorothy and uh we're able to get her heart back in that right beat and we sure was praying and and uh we so thank we so love you. You've been here forever now. So yeah. Amen. So just amazing. you meet somebody after a few days and after a few months and just feels like you've been together your whole life and so we just are so thankful for that. So glad to have those that have stayed for from the wedding and and uh that was beautiful. That was a beautiful wedding yesterday. And I'd like to thank I'd like to personally thank the Lord will thank you, but I'd like to thank all of those that that did all the work behind the scenes. Sister Cassie, the music, and the uh brother Jeremy and brother Scotty upstairs that took care of that, Sister Crystal, and and she had a team of people that was with her. And I'd like to thank every one of you for what you did. and and uh I you know that just makes life a whole lot more smoother. And so thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. And and we certainly do appreciate that. Amen. I want to remember Sister Sue this morning and and uh we're just praying for her and uh God would just touch her. Many other needs. We had a need from Brother Joe come in this morning from Brother Luther. Brother Luther's quite a guy. We all love him and he has a incredible need. Been in the hospital almost two weeks and so pray that God would just touch him in a special way. Amen. If you will turn with me in your scriptures this morning to Isaiah chapter 14 and then we will go to Matthew chapter 26. I have walked to the pullpit this morning with a with probably one of the most important texts that you will ever ever be a part of. And so I would like for you to take pay very much attention if you can. There is a reason for many empty pews in churches all across the world in the message. Pews that once set full but now are vacant. And something caused that. And I want to speak to you on the cause of that. Satan makes an offer. I want to first of all get his origin. Isaiah 14 and verse 12. How art thou fallen from heaven. Oh Lucifer, son of the morning. Brother Brham said he was co-equal with God. How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? For thou hast said in thine heart, notice the the root cause, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Now, that's his ambition. Let's see how he puts that to work in Matthew chap 26 and verse 36. And Jesus comes to the garden of Gethsemane. So many times we think Jesus is dying on the cross. Here's the place where it started. Brother Brandham said he died to his own self-will in the garden of Eden. In the garden of Gethsemane, I'm sorry. And he says verse 36, "And then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane. And he saith unto the disciples, sit you here while I go and pray yonder." And he took with him Peter and two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy. And then saith he unto them, "My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even unto death, Tarry ye here, and watch with me." And he went a little further and fell on his face and prayed, saying, "Oh my father," now notice these words, "if it be possible, let this cup pass from me. Nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou will." And he cometh to the disciples, and findeth them asleep, and said unto Peter, "What? Could you not watch with me one hour? Watch and pray that you enter not into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak." I want us to read that last portion of that scripture. Let's just read the whole one. Watch and pray that you enter not into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak. Never take it for granted that your flesh is weak. You can be seated. May God bless the reading of his word. Satan's going to make an offer. And his offer is for your position. Your position you set as a believer. You set as a son and daughter of God. Your position has authority in heaven. And if you remember, one of the most powerful quotes that will go with this is that you have more authority than the angels that are in heaven. So, Lucifer would know what kind of authority that has been expressed to sons and daughters of God. So, he is going to make you an offer. He is going to make you an offer. I think this is a powerful scripture that will show us what God has in his plans knowing that Lucifer is going to make an offer. John chap 10 and verse 25. And Jesus answered them and said, "I told you that ye believe not, and the works that I do in my father's name, they bear witness of me. But if you believe not, because you are not of my sheep, as I said unto you, my sheep hear my voice. And notice these words, "And I know them, and they follow me." Right? And these words are powerful. And he says, "And I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish." Amen. Now, watch this next, and it's so important. Neither shall any man That's right. plop them out of my hand. So God made a choice. Yes, sir. I want you to understand your choices. Come on. Your free moral agency. Brother Ron, but I chose God. I'm sorry. That's a Baptist doctrine. Come on. Come on. I'm sorry. It wasn't. You chose God. That's right. Come on. Your choices were taking you in the wrong direction. Because you lived under your first nature. You were married to your first nature. That's why you had to be born again. Are you with me? God is the one that does the drawing. God is the one that does the pulling. You may be in a family and be one in the family. You may be one in the school. Listen, this is not our home. Never expect to fit in. We're not going to fit in here. Brother Ron, I just feel so left out. This is not our home. 309 is the place where I reside, but let me just say that's not my home. I want you to watch two powers coming together now in this next scriptures. And now we're going to get into the meat of things. In Matthew chapter 4 and verse three, let's just go to one. And then was Jesus led up into the spirit into the wilderness and to be tempted of the devil. And when he had fasted 40 days and 40 nights, and afterward hungered, and when the tempter came to him, now notice what he says. If thou be the son of God, command these stones to be made bread. And he answered and said, It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. And the devil taketh him up unto the holy city, and sitting upon a temple, a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the son of God, cast thyself down. For it is written, notice he's quoting scripture. He shall give his angels charge concerning thee, and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone. And Jesus said unto him, it is written again, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." And again, the devil taking him up into an an exceedingly high mountain and showing him all the kingdoms of the world. Brother Ram said he showed him even the United States of America and the glory of them. And he said unto them him, "All these things I give thee." Now Satan Satan's making him an offer now. All these things I give thee if thou will fall down and worship me. Isaiah 14 now is in in full action. I will be like the most high. Now notice, he's tempted every prophet, every man, woman, boy, and girl. He's made offers to every one of them. And now he comes down and he's watched the prophets live and die and overcome and do different things. He's did everything to try to to to shackle them and and tried to hinder them, right? But now he is face to face with the highest power that he's ever been against. God in flesh. And he's making him an offer. Now listen. If he will make Jesus an offer, if he'll make Brother an offer, he'll make you an offer. Amen. Every one of you been made an offer. These men sitting on this pull pit, they've been made an offer. Now, I want you to understand, watch this just for a moment. He says, "Now," and I just drop right in. Let me just finish that just just minute. I I'm sorry I got tangled. And he said unto them, "All these things I give thee, if thou will fall down and worship me." and then answered then sith Jesus unto him get thee hints Satan for it is written thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only that's an important statement and him only shalt thou serve and the devil leaveth him and behold the angels came and ministered unto him many places I could go to, but I want to go to how can I overcome. Brother Bram says, remember Jesus showed here how it's done 40 days of temptation. He was tempted above any man that could ever be tempted. Powerful. Tempted above any man that could ever be tempted. And he said, "And in the temptation of Jesus Christ, he showed us how it's done." So if he shows us how it's done, I think it's pretty important that we perk up our ears. His 40 days of temptation by God's by God's word, he overcome. He said, "I want to express something here just for a few moments. Satan made three major assaults upon him in that temptation. He said, "Watch, it's always it's always in them three. Don't forget it." He made him three major assaults from the highest to the lowest. He He tried his best to conquer him. And he was the He was the word. And what did he use himself? the word. Satan's three major assaults or attacks upon him, but he met him with the word. Every attack he could make it with the word. Watch this now. How the highest from the lowest. Right? We'll take our time and go through this. He said, "And the first that he made an attack to use his great power." try to get him to use his great power. He know he was the word. He know his position. You believe it? He said he said you believe and he said he did. I the son of man. He know his position and Satan come and wanted him to use his own power on himself. to feed him to want to feed himself because he was hungry. A man gets hungry and he can do almost anything. He'll steal, he'll rob, he'll beg, he'll borrow, anything. He had an appetite. And Satan used his first great major assault for him to take his power that he had given to been given to overcome with and to use it on himself. Right. Right. He didn't you he didn't use it on himself. He used it on others. He used it on others, not himself. It it wasn't for him. though he could have did it. He could have did it. Turn stones into bread. Could have did it. See how the devil does? The devil wants you to mind him. But Jesus minded only what the father said. He said, "Why? It is written he'd give his angels angels charge." And Jesus responded, "But it's also written." He said, "You see, he knew who he was, right? Listen what? This is one of the greatest points that you'll get. Always remember who you are." You heard it last night. He'll try to make you forget. He says that runs deeper than it's even wrote. It's inspiration. The colonel is on the inside of it. You see what it really is. Though he could have done it, he didn't do it. He never paid he paid heed to Satan's proposition. Now, here's a good thing. Sometimes Satan can take you and when you think you're doing the will of God and can make you a proposition and you'll fall for it. I'm going to read that again because it's so important here. Right? Sometimes Satan can take you and when you think you're doing the will of God and make you a proposition and you'll fall for it. He sure can. He said his third assault, Satan offered to forfeit the kingdom to him. And he did. Satan said, "See the kingdoms of the world, these are mine. I do with them whatever I want to do. I'll forfeit them to you. But you remember he was trying to get them to forfeit it without the cross. If he did, we would be lost. If he did, we would be lost. He could have took the kingdom, but he must follow. He must come back. This is powerful. Now, Jesus was tempted to do it. That's how powerful it was. He was tempted to do it. I want you to keep that in your mind. He said, "Death is so hard. It's a hard thing." He was tempted to take his liberty and be the king of the earth without a cross. But if he did, his subjects would have died. Satan would have gladly made that proposition with him. But he said, "Get behind me, Satan. Right. I'm trying to behave. Get behind me, Satan. Now, let's just go quickly to another spot and we'll come back. Hebrews chap 11 and verse 24. By faith, Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter, choosing rather to suffer the affliction with the people of God than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a for a season, esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures in Egypt. Amen. For he had respect unto the recompense of the reward. By faith he forsook Egypt. Are you with me? Brother Brandon would make a statement. He said he looked out the same window that Pharaoh looked out of. Same window. Amen. You know, sometimes we take this so lightly, but Moses was the next Pharaoh. Let's just say it. He was the next Pharaoh. If he just stays in line, he'll be the next Pharaoh, which is the greatest leader in the world at that time. I wanted to get that to you. Sink that in real quickly to you. This was the richest nation at the time. had more gold at the time, had the greatest army at the time. He looked out the same window, and and and Pharaoh would see mudbers, right? Would see people that was working for his own ambition, to build all of the great sphinxes and all the great pyramids. Amen. And Moses, if we could say it, was one of the highest architects in the kingdom, right with building these things. He was on his way, folks. I think this is amazing that God allows his prophet to be trained right under Satan's nose. gives him the best education that he can give him, makes him the best propositions that he can give him. But there will come a time when that seed gene of God will come to life. And there'll no longer be mudbers. You remember his wet nurse? The woman that took care of him was his mother. And no doubt his mother, brother Ram says in in teaching on Moses, he said his mother would teach him about his birth and the angel's visitation and all of those things. Just paraphrasing that she would teach him about his purpose in life. Amen. It comes to a spot. It comes to a spot to where that now He's in a wrestling match. And he's in a wrestling match with the will of God and the will of Moses. Now, I'm talking to you and you're going to get in that wrestling match. Follow the theme of this thought. You're going to fight. And here's where the problem comes. Can I do my will and God's will? Surely I can blend it together. Sure, I can make it work. Surely I know what God's will is. But I have a will. Jesus had to die in the garden of Gethsemane. Why? He would like to have raised a family. Come on. He would have liked to stayed with Peter, James, and John. He would have liked to been there and continued the miracles. That's right. But his purpose to the earth was more than miracles. His purpose to the earth was more than just to identify who he was. His purpose was he was the kinsman redeemer. Amen. Moses had to realize my purpose. You got to come to a spot to where I have a purpose in life and that's to serve God. We're only mortal once. We only got one shot at this. 30, 50 years, 18 months, 110 years old. What Elon Musk is finding, some of us Americans are still 150 years old. Find that amazing, don't you? And he's going to wrestle with you with your will all the way through. So what does Moses do? He begins to transition in this. He's not telling Pharaoh. He's not telling his stepmom. He's not telling the people around him, "Okay, I'm going to help those people." He's slipping down. And now he's trying to become one of them. Listen, you can't become one of them in Pharaoh's clothes. Come on. You can't become one of the bride. And lay outas close. It just won't work. You can't ride the fence. You got to get one place or the other. Come on. [Music] On Monday be one person and on Sunday be a different person. It'll work. Amen. They see through you. That's right. We see through you. Can you see through you? Did you just get that? That's good. They see through you. We see through you. But can you see through you? What did Moses trying to blend the will of God do? It produced a dead Egyptian at his hands. His self-will put blood on his own hands and he become a murderer. He become a murderer cast and I don't I don't I I don't I don't have time even this week to tell you it it caused him an exile and it took 40 years for God to bake Moses to the place to get him. Listen, there's a lot of times I could just say it like this. There's a lot of people sat on people on the bench for 40 years. just surrender. He said he had his foot on the throne. Could have been the next Pharaoh, but he esteemed the reproach of Christ. They called him an odd one. Fanatic. They'll do that. Trying to save you some time here. Brother Brandon will bring up a couple of different characters that he'll talk about as he's coming through the ministry. It talks about Marilyn Monroe. Marilyn Monroe was not around the message whatsoever, but he'll he'll pick her up. I want you to understand her lifestyle. She had been offered by the enemy as a young girl. She had been offered a a position and somewhere another a spirit took over her life and she became the Barbie doll of America. Somewhere it seemed almost innocent. But let us remind ourselves sin will take us much further than we ever thought that we would go. I never intended to get here remember and from that time brother Brandham met that man in the alley pig alley. I've always amazed brother Brandham in pig alley but he meets a man and said how did you get here? How did you get here? He said I was the I was the president of that bank that you see. But it started out with a little social drink. Legion wound up in the tomb. It started out somewhere not too many miles from here, a man stood as a as a song leader for his grandfather. He was a boy and he was offered something. That man was named Elvis Presley. And it started out seemably so innocent. Hey, listen. an anointing hit that boy. I've sat in the same corner in Memphis. We sat there at the table and and sat at the same place where Elvis would go and play his music and those people would come and enjoy his music. Listen, it had an attraction to it, right? It was a part of a king on the earth, right? He was representing another kingdom. And he began to take on that role. And as he takes on that role, anywhere from Hollywood star to rock star to to a man that drove women crazy. You said, "Well, brother Ron, I look back now and I see those pictures. There was nothing to drive anybody crazy." You're not catching the spirit of it. You're not catching the spirit of it. Good women, good women would go to those things and pull their undergarments off and throw them on the stage. There's a spirit that was involved with it. Satan made him an offer. Brother man will say he got a fleet of Cadillacs out of it. And we go, "Oh, that's so horrible." You know, he made an offer, but everything has an end. Everything has an end to it. Everything has a payday to it. He comes down to the end of his life. I'm not telling you hearsay. He comes down to the end of his life and now he knows where he's at. Three different preachers deal with him and he can't find peace. And he repeats to all of them. One of them being Dy Rambo. She was a preacher, woman preacher. and and and another one I can't call his name but Umbar I believe his name but anyway he confesses I sow my soul I have to tell you my heart just shatters for a man in that spot cuz he's in his last moments of this earthly life and he knows there's nothing I can do. Who is a young girl that was from here? A soldier. She was a singer from here in Elton. Paty Klein. You remember in her last concert, she's singing with others and they sing Amazing Grace and conviction hits the stage and she falls on her face. And when she gets up, here was the results of it. When she gets up, she says, "What was that?" She's a church girl. Now she's in the music world. What was that? And a man with some conviction said, "That's God's conviction." She said, "Whatever it is, I never want that to happen again." She never visits the stage ever again. She dies a horrible death. Brother Brandham said there is a control tower of the soul. One is the body, the tower and each tower is a there's a warning caller for the needs of the other. Each one calls to the needs of for what the caller that's calling for. It sends out a wave over the warning. For instance, the flesh thirst to satisfy that that's in the body. And the spirit desires for the things that's in the soul. desire is many times these they war against one another. We find that there's what a great trouble today that that too many people try to live between those desires. One of them the desires of the earth, the other the desires of heaven. As I speak in this today, I I I'm just going to go forward and I want to share some scriptures with you that I was going to save to the end, but I want to drop them here real quickly for you. And I want to say as brother Brandon was saying leadership, he says, he said, you're going to have to make a choice. Choice for mate, a choice for your education. Hey, education's wonderful. And I'm one of the pushers of it. But let me just say this to you. You got to have the Holy Ghost when you go through school. Cuz this this world is headed in one direction and you're headed in another direction. Amen. And you may have to give them answers that you know is not right to pass their classes, but you know that you know that you know. Are you with me now? Well, well, you know, you'll have friends and every one of you will have friends that'll want to pull you Just lighten up just a little bit. It won't hurt you to wear pants. It won't hurt you to put on a bikini. Nobody knows. You know, you know. That's right. But we're away from everybody. Let your hair down. You know. That's right. Right. And besides that, you are what you are when you're alone. That's right. Don't tell me what you are with a hundred people. You are what you are when you're by yourself because that's where you meet the devil. That's where you have fellowship with God. We've already read about Moses choosing. This is a powerful scripture. I want you to hang on to it. Hebrews chapter 6 and verse 4. For it is impossible. This is the this is the treacherous part. For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost and have tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come. If they fall away to renew them again unto repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the son of God aresh and put him to an open shame. I'm going to make a pretty powerful statement here and you can take me to task. Eternal separation from God don't happen at a judgment. It don't happen at a judgment. And I want to show you where it happens. Jesus was no doubt with his disciples. And there was a young man that came to him. He looked apart. And we would call him the rich young ruler. He had did the commandments. He'd been raised in the message of the hour. His mom and dad had taught him what was right. And because God blesses and brings prosperity to his seed, listen, prosperity is no sign. And he and he comes before Jesus. He comes to the right spot. Let me just say he could have went to a lot of places but he came to the one that he needed to come to and he was asking for eternal life. Listen, that's the that's the dime. Eternal life is what we all want. Are you with me? And he comes and he what must I do to inherit eternal life? Now the scripture says Jesus loved him. The scripture he made a choice to come to the right spot and Jesus loved him. But just because he loves you, he loved the whole world. Brother Ron, I'm I'm preaching to you now. Just because he says, "I love you," there's something else for you to do. There's something else for you. Two powers are at work. Not just on the mount of temptation, but now with a young rich young ruler, and Jesus himself, right? And Jesus tells him, he just quickly goes to that spot in his life. Go sell all you have and give it to the poor. And it was a hard saying for him. It was too hard. Change my dressear and and look like a man. Forget my political ambitions. Forget the job that'll take me away from God. You mean you're wanting to call me aside and and I've got to forget all of my own ambitions. I'm talking to you. If you gain the whole world, if you gain a whole world, say it to your neighbor, if you gain your whole world, gain the whole world, brother Doug. Gain the whole world. Who will Donald Trump be on that day? That's right. Come on. That's right. Who will he be on that day? I'm not being derogatory here. I'm just pre preaching that it's true. Who will all of those famous ball players be on that day? Who will the Hollywood stars be on that day? He walks away from eternal life. Boy, I'd hate to be the rich young ruler. Well, how many empty pews do we have? Hey, I've been here a while. I've been here 25 years, and I've been around since 1983. So, I've been with this church for a long time, and I've seen people walk away. You're throwing rocks. No, I'm not throwing a rock. Satan made them an offer. That's right. Brother Homer preaches too hard. Go ahead. They shout too much. They got to click. Satan will tell you every lie that he can tell you. [Applause] He'll make you jealous of each other. Hey, listen. If you got something against anybody in this church, you go get that thing fixed. Don't go to hell with that one. I'm sorry. It's a great big thing. Get over your pride and get over yourself. Get over yourself. Get over yourself. Listen, I don't know if we got million millionaires here or not, but you know, listen, I don't care whether you're a millionaire or a penny. We are all in one thing going to heaven. That's our goal here. I don't care if you live in the littlest house or the biggest house. That don't matter any to me. It only makes you more responsible. I don't care what you drive. Don't be jealous of one another. Whatever you drive, drive what you can. Enjoy what you can. Don't make it a god. That's right. One wreck will take care of all that business. A fire will take care of a lot of things. But I'll tell you what, your soul is more important than anything. [Applause] It's the truth. Second Peter 2 and verse 20. For if after they have escaped the pollutions of this world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they're again, notice these how it says it, they are again entangled therein and overcome. So they run the race for 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and then all of a sudden here comes a spirit. How does this work? Listen, I know people all over the world. Sure is God's mercy. Somebody from overseas will say, "Brother Ron, you're talking about me." I find it amazing you can sit in a seat for 30 years, 10 years, five years and a spirit come and it don't take a spirit but just a few minutes and what does it work on your feelings? Brother brother Matt Watkins said something the other day that I found so amazing. Feelings are overrated. And we can get our feelings hurt in a moment and we can snap and act like a rebellious teenager for weeks. over something stupid I don't have three hours to talk to you. Listen, I got news for you. They're overrated. That's right. Good. when he was the devil would tell you he was pointing his finger right at you. I got to point at somebody. He hasn't shook my hand in forever. Hey, I haven't shook a lot of people's hand in five years. You want to know the reason? I don't have any immunity. I've been on chemo for five years. I don't want your stinking cold. I don't want your flu. I don't want your [Applause] diarrhea. If I told you the truth, I told you the truth right there. Notice the scripture there again entangled and overcome. Notice these next words. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. The latter end is worse than the beginning. So where will those believe the sign starters be on that day? Song leaders, preachers, you're only doing that because you're in the pullpit. You ought to test me in the office because I say exactly what I mean. They're going to be responsible for the divorces, the suicides, people going from godly Christians to drunks. Women hanging on a pole getting dollars in their underwear. I know what I'm talking about. I'm right on target. I could call names right here. On that day, it's not going to be pretty. What happened, brother Ron? Satan made an offer. And Satan started to point out brother Brandham's faults. He had them. Nobody here said he was perfect. I'm getting ready to go there in just a minute. You hang on. But on your faults, listen. Don't you put me before Jesus Christ. Don't you come down to the end of the journey and say because of you I missed eternal life. I have preached to you for all of these decades. I have give my life to try to keep you out of hell. And more than just keep you out of hell. Cause you to be a good citizen. For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they had known it, and to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it is happened unto them, according to the true proverb, the dog is turned to his vomit. the dog that licks you on the face and the s that has washed to her wallowing in the mire. Now, let me just take a second here just to go here. You can take old Sally, your wonderful, beautiful hog, and you can wash her up and you can scrub her until you even get down in the toenails and clean her up for the fair. Even a hog can smell good at the fair. But you got to keep washing. You got to keep scrubbing. You got to keep putting the soap on it. But if you don't get its nature changed. That's right. I'm sorry. I've been guilty of washing. I've been guilty of taking a high pressure washer from the pull pit. Some of you sheep have had to put up with me through these years to watching me wash hogs. I've learned how to wash a hulk. You wash him. You start at his head and you go to his tail and wash possible and impossible. and you just hope while you're washing him. There's a sheep under there somewhere. But you can load Sally up in your beautiful Ford Chevrolet Dodge truck, have the nice shavings ready for it. Take her down the road. got the big blue ribbon that you've won and the plaque that's on it. Take her through the neighborhood. Take her home. Let all Sally out the gate. Sally ain't comfortable clean. Come on. Just get her out of church a little while. And if she ain't born again, she'll get back in the hall pin and she'll go to the mud and she'll get filthy because that's where she's comfortable. She wasn't comfortable getting washed. She wasn't comfortable at the fair. Her nature was a hawk. What makes us different? Once I got born again, I never wanted to see an inside of a barroom no more. That's right. Once I got born again, old habits were gone. Hebrews 10 verse 26. For if we sin willfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth. I want you to read that last portion. What happened? Somebody wrestle with their own will. Their own will. These musicians up here, they got talents that me and you ain't got. That's why they're here. That's why they're here. But one guy can take a guitar and become Elvis Presley. Or become Santana. But a guy can take a guitar and surrender it to God and play eternally in heaven. Hey, see this is only a portion where you're learning how to play. You're going to play in heaven. Brother don't like drums. Well, you haven't read the Bible. God has a portion. God has a portion. God has a portion. What about me, Brother Ron? I'm sitting here in the pew. I don't never do nothing. You do not understand that in another realm there is untold numerous celebrities of hell would love to have your seat. That's right. Elvis Pressie would give it all up if he could come back just one day. All I'm looking for is one day. Said in one service, I know what I'd do. I'd run to that altar. Mary Monroe, if she had an opportunity, she'd run to the altar. Brother, I don't feel like I do anything. I just come in and sit down. You don't realize Satan's made you all kind of offers to get you out of that place. That's right. Let's just go to our prophet for a little bit. Brother Brandham tells us of the offers that other preachers wanted him. Let me let me you deal with pressure. So, let's just see what Brother Brandham did. They wanted him to quit preaching on women dressing. They wanted him to just ease up a little bit. Leave it out. Hey, listen. Satan will make you an offer. He ain't coming to you with horns and a tail and a and a stick. He'll come to you with your friends. Oh, Brother Ron, but my friends wouldn't do that. Really? You see, I got friends, too. Got friends in the business world. I got friends in a lot of places. I had a nurse call me yesterday, the day before yesterday, and she said, "Ron, we know you're getting ready to go through a difficult surgery. We're praying for you. We at this place love you." You know, that meant something to me. That really meant something to me. She's never heard me preach. They've never heard me preach. Maybe they have, maybe they haven't. But you make friends. That's right. You try to create an atmosphere. I don't never tell somebody they're going to hell. I don't walk in and say, "Well, you wearing that there. You're going to hell. You're a Jezebel." Who's going to h Who's that going to help? When I was a sinner, that have made me mad enough to fight a while. Are you with me now? Amen. Brother Brandham, your gift is wonderful, but if you just if you just ease up on those sisters cutting their hair, doing those different kind of things. Hey, listen, don't mind me. Go back and look what women look like in the 40s and the 50s. I'm not just talking about church women, long dresses, long hair, you're way off course. Brother Brandham meets a lady in a restaurant running the cash register. Said she must be a Christian. Goes over to She's not a Christian. She said, "I do this because my husband likes it. We do it because God likes it. Brother Brandon, they just wanted him to quit preaching on them. And they wanted to know how to get the gifts to work. Get it in their church. Let's make a deal so you can teach us about your power. And he said, "How can I teach you algebra when you don't know your ABCs?" Now, I'm going a little stronger here. None of us have been offered a million dollar check in the 60s terms. But they offered Brother Brandham, not once, but twice, a million dollars to become under their organization. Now you remember Jesus was tempted to do it. Jim a million dollars. It do you a world of good, man. I mean, let me just not leave Jim. It do your world of good. Quit your job. I always think about that. What I do? Got a million. Quit my job. That's the craziest thing you could do. You going to have to pay taxes, baby. Brother Brandham looks at the check and said, "What could I do with this kind of money?" He said, "Or Roberts, they they got to have that kind of money. They got to have it to run their organization. They got to make $10,000 a service. They got that was in those days. Billy Graham's got to have that kind of money. But if I don't need this kind of money to go to those little missions. Listen, if Brother Brandon would have operated like that, he'd have never come to Elton. But he had to come to Elton for me and you. [Applause] 1962 which is right before he is going to preach the breach, the seals, trumpets, the sermons that are going to open the book to us. Here's where I'm going to come to the apex of the service. Satan knows I got to do something to stop him. He wouldn't take an easier way. He wouldn't sell out for a million dollars. So, I've got to use his own self-will and ambition against him. We've all heard brother Biscll tell us about the green checkered shirt, silver tip grizzly bear, th those things. We we've saw the visions taking place. 1962, brother Random is coming back home from the camps. And I obviously wouldn't know exactly which camps. I asked brother Biscll about it. He said, "I would." He said, "I don't know." And that's exactly how I said, "I don't know." And brother Brandham is making his long journey back toward Jeffersonville. Now I want you to just watch. He's in a car and he loves being in those mountains. Calls it heaven. That's what heaven. That's beyond the curtain of time look like. He loved no pressure. He loved it. He loved being up there with those with the with just animals. He loved those country people. Why? He loved here. He loved being there. Now he begins to talk. He has a conversation in a car and he would say, and I'm not going to read it. It's about 30 minutes of reading, but brother Brandhams had built a complex. And in his building a complex in his feelings he was feeling the rejection of people rejecting the message. Hey that hurts. Oh brother Ron nobody likes to be unliked. But we will esteem the reproach of Christ greater than our feelings. But the complex had drove him into a spot. Okay? If you want me to be his prophet, now I'm paraphrasing. If you want me to be his prophet, when you give me a word of the Lord, I'll go down and preach to the people and then I'll go back to the mountains. I'll preach the word of the Lord and I'll go back to the mountains. And now he settled it in his mind. Remember, that's where the greatest battle is. You're way off, brother Ron. There's people sitting in Lazy Boys right now with their feet propped up. Come on. That knows they ought to be in church. That's right. Come on. With a coffee in their hand and a donut in the other. That donut will kill you. They're sitting there because they're forsaking the assembling of God. I'm not talking about old people that can't get around. I'm not talking about sick and afflicted that can't get theirel out of bed. I'm not talking about them. Don't Don't go get your feelings in a panties in a w. But when you're well and able and you make a conscious decision, they can do this without me. Come on. You got a job to do. It's important as my job. Be right there. Well, nobody knows me. God does. That's right, brother said. when you you vote that the church stays open. So, let's vote that this church stays open. This is God's church. Ain't my church, Homer's church, Andrew's church. I learned a quote long time ago. Put your finger in a bucket of water and pull it out and see where the hole is. That's how important you are. Brother Bram says, "And how can I overcome?" He said, "Preachers," he said, "Satan will make them begin to think and lift their self up, puff their chest out, say, "I did it." Let me just say, none of us can do nothing. I can't preach without him. I can't lay hands on the sick and they recover without him. I can't do nothing without them. That's not just a good quote. Jesus says it 17 different ways in the New Testament. I can do nothing. And if Jesus can say it, the prophet can say it, we can. So, Brother Random has come to a conclusion in his mind. This is what I'm going to do. Well, he pulls into a restaurant. He sits down. Hey, listen. God's more merciful to him than he probably would be to me and you. And he sits down. He's got these things made up in his mind. You hear him? You hear him? And he says, "Here come a man in rough chap face walks in." And he said he was a man. He was a man and said he sneezed. And he said, "That's a man sneeze. Remember, Brother Bran's a boxer. Brother M's rough in his nature. There's also two other fellas walk in. And even Billy Paul says, "Daddy, that old man in those ragged clothes, torn clothes, looks just like you." And he looks, that other one looks just like Bo Fletcher, who is a man that Brother Bram tried to help so many times that was a a drunk in his life. Now, Brother Bam knows God's working. You know, it's one thing for you to talk to yourself, but it's another thing when God starts talking to you. And I'm paraphrasing. I'm going to continue to do that. You carry out your plans and your wife will leave you. I wish this could be said in a lot of different places. We got too many families that are broke up because somewhere they got off track. Listen, sin don't just accidentally walk into your life. Right. You had to open the door. That's right. You carry out your plans. We wouldn't even know William Brandham if he carried out his plans. Right. That's right. We wouldn't be here. Brother Brandham carries out his plans because notice what he also tells him. Your wife will leave you. Your family will leave you. I'll leave you. That's brother Brandham. That's a prophet of this age. I'll give you some examples from the Old Testament. Moses, Jesus, and Brother Brandham. There's two forces in the world and they're constantly waring with one another. You may never make the who's who. Don't matter. It don't matter. But I'm thankful to God tonight that God made a choice for me. Now, in the last couple minutes of this sermon, I want to say this to you. I've been offered a lot of things in my life. I've come up with offers for a lot of things. Pastor other churches, move to a bigger church. Tempting? Yeah, baby. When you're in the midst of trouble, Satan knows exactly when to make an offer. That's right. Come on. He knows exactly when to make an offer. Sound good? Sure did. Political ambitions. I could have been one of them stinking criminals, too, baby. All of them are criminal. That's right. Come on, brother Ron. That hurts my feelings. Well, you ain't paying attention to the news very well. That's right. Come on. Kick back after kickback after kickback after kickback. You go in and got $10,000 in your bank account and two years later you're a multi-millionaire. Hey baby, I want the same stock you got. That's that's hard. Brother Ron, listen. This world is not my home. It's not my home. You girls, you're sitting here. I do not care if Prince Charming walks into your life and comes to Cinderella's Castle and wants to take you out into the world. It ain't worth it. It ain't worth it. I don't care if he drives the best sports car in the world. It ain't worth it. Many years ago, man walked up. You wouldn't know him. Walked up and offered me his tithe check. And then he's offering his tithe check. He says, uh, and this is it was a it was quite substantial. He said, but I want you to let off on some preaching. I said, you just keep that for yourself. You just keep that for yourself. You just keep that for yourself. Cuz I ain't letting a dollar bill. Anybody got a dollar bill in this building? Anybody? Anybody got a dollar bill? Dollar. Brother Jim, bring me a dollar, Bill. I'm gonna give it right back to you. Thank you. I'll bring it to you. Me and you going to sit at the judgment bar and there's going to be way too many people that sell out for this right here. I want you to look how thin that baby is. How thin that is. Thin. Thin. So what he'll do to me instead of selling out for money because he knows I ain't going to do that, he'll try to cause me to get under the pressure of not preaching sermons that are difficult. And so when you see me preach a sermon like today, because listen, Satan knows sermons like this is very destructive to his plans. It's very destructive to his plans because now you have to stop and think. Brother Ron said he's I'm going to sell my offer. Listen, it's more than about a job. Don't think carnal here. It's more than about a job or a piece of money. Your soul, it's worth 10 million worlds. Teddy, take that to brother Jim. There was a boy in a hawk pin. because he had been made an offer and he bit I'm tired of being in church. Tired of being under daddy's rules. I'm tired of this message. I'm just tired. All my friends do all these things. Sin looked so glamorous. But after his fortunes was gone, after his fortunes are gone, he's a Jew and he winds up in a hog pin. Everything that he's against, he's eating the same food just to survive. You heard brother Brandham talk about Jesus when a man gets hungry. This boy proves that he'll eat out of the hog pin. But there's something on the inside of him. Come on. There's something on the inside of him. Why'd you go this way at the end? Cuz I'm praying there's something on the inside of some people that'll come back. Come on. I'm praying that there's something on the inside of some people that will come back. I'm praying while there's breath, there's still hope. I'm praying that there's grace. I want to preach grace when there's no more grace. I want to preach mercy when there's no more mercy. While there's still time, don't walk. Run to the altar. Come on, church. I got to get back home. Brotherhood, I bid on Satan's offer and look where I am now. I'm in a horrible condition. My world is destroyed. Don't stay there. Come on. We'll wash the slime off of you. We'll wash the slime. You may stink for a while, but we'll get it off. Hallelujah. Cuz down under there's got to be a sheep. If you come back, there's got to be a deep that's called to the deep. And there's got to be a deep to respond to it. Somewhere there's a place called home. And I got to go home. I got to go home. I got to go home. I got to go to the place where I belong. [Applause] I got two notes this morning. Neither one of those people probably even know each other. They didn't know what I was preaching today. And both of them had the same similar statement. Brother Ron, we've never seen anybody love their people as much as you do yours. And that was a true thing. I'm sure all those pastors love them. I'm sure they do just as much as I do. But I want you to know, we love you. We love you. We love you with all our heart. If you love me, you'd come have dinner with me, Brother Ron. We'll have time for that in eternity. But you let me get well here for a little while. I love you. And I want to make a statement to you. I don't want one of you, one of you to miss it. Not one of you. Not one. Maybe it does. I don't care what the world would offer you. It ain't worth it. It ain't worth it. It ain't worth it. I don't care how old you are in this building, youngest to the oldest, even nursing homes, he'll make offers. Made an offer to Jesus on a cross. He'll make an offer. But I'd like to make this statement to him. Get the hints. get the hints. I don't have time for you. I don't have time for you. I don't have time for you. Whether you go to church here or whether you're in Arkansas, whatever your jobs are, a lot of times people are sold on air castles. Don't mean nothing. means absolutely nothing. I'm going to be something great. I want to be something great. I want to be a Christian. At the end of the day, I want to be a Christian. That's what I want to be. That's what I want to be. A real Christian. There's a difference between real and artificial. And I want to be real. I not only want to be real here, I want you to be real. And I want you to know him in the power of his resurrection. I truly want you to know him. Young man came in the office just a few moments ago and met with me. said, "I've been in church for eight years." He said, "I want to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." Listen, Satan make him an offer. He just shared with us he's a golf pro. This is greater than any golf pro. That's right. It's greater. It's greater. What you're getting this morning is greater than Sheffller. That's right. Satan make you an offer. Say, "I'll make you better than Sheffler." Ain't worth it. Are you with me? And I'm going to ask you one thing. Did you get it? Did you get it? Did you get it? Every one of us here, I want you to know, Brother Ron, it's my first service here. It's good time to come. It's good time to come. a time to come. I'm going to ask us to bow our heads in prayer and maybe you just like to with all of our heads bowed and our eyes closed. I'd like for us to have a private moment and you just like to say, "Brother Ron, this is a service I needed and I want you to pray for me. I want you to pray for me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hallelujah. more than a decision. But I want all of us to reconsecrate our lives here just now. We were challenged last night that our prayer life would be stronger, which takes commitment, takes courage, takes determination. Now, every one of you wrestle in your mind with different things. An easier way is always presented to us. Every time, every day, it's presented to us. An easier way. Easier way. Don't read your Bible and pray. Easier way. Easier way. Father. The most precious thing that we have is our own soul. We're sitting here today and we really didn't even choose our own way of being here. but by the election of God, the predestination of [Music] God. You called us when we were unlovable, alienated from the kingdom of [Music] God. We sit here and we overcome. Just coming to this church, we overcome. We dedicate this time to you. We were challenged last night to pray more. Unleash that power in our life. This morning, we're told that Satan would make us an offer. One of the reasons this sermon is so important is we're getting ready to leave the earth. [Music] Our promise is a rapture. Our promise is a body change. Satan knows that in that form. no longer has a chance. So, it can only work while we're still [Music] here. Lord Jesus, I ask you to help us. Fill us more with your spirit. Help us in the battle of our minds. Help us in our thoughts. Help us in our words. Help us to get over our self. Help us with I [Music] will. Help us to take the eye out of the equation and become prisoners to Jesus Christ with a total surrender to you, Father. We raised our hands before you, Father, this morning. And we need help. [Music] We need help. There's nothing prideful about us. We all need help. We all need help in one direction or another. We need you. I'll be honest. I come to church this morning wanting to draw closer to you. I want to feel more of your love and more of your power. I want to know more about you. And we heard this morning, don't quote your feelings back to the enemy. Don't quote your opinions and your I will back to the enemy. Quote the word of God. It is written and the word will defeat the devil anywhere, any place, any time, under any condition. Now, Father, we take you at your [Music] word. One of the greatest consolations that I heard this morning was, "No man, no man can plot me out of your [Music] hand." Oh, what an eternal security. No man, no power, no spirit had plucked me out of the hand of God. You have not picked me up to lose [Music] me. Father, we give you thanks. We give you glory this morning. We worship you. We worship you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. [Music] All bee my blessing savior I surrender all of all to Jesus I surrender all of Be and peace me I [Music] bowly pleasures all forsake take me Jesus take me I surrender all. [Music] I surrender [Music] all to thee my blessed savior I surrender all. Oh to Jesus I surrender. Oh make me savior. Holy thine. Oh, let me feel the whole Holy Spirit and truly know bad or I surrender Oh, I surrender [Music] all my blessing savior. [Music] I surrender. Oh, we are a moment and you are forever. Jesus Messiah. We are a vapor and you are eternal. Love everlasting, reigning on [Music] high. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Highest praise, honor, and glory be unto your name. Be unto your name. We are the broken and you are the healer. Oh Jesus redeemer mighty to save. You are the love song that will sing forever. Oh bowing before you. Oh blessing your name. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. High praisees, honor and glory be unto your name. [Music] be unto your name. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. highest praise is high. Oh, be unto your name. reto your [Music] name and father of love seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. Lord, you esteem. If we call on your name, that we and our families, we will be saved. Oh, we cry how your name [Music] is. God of grace. Oh Lord, most high. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh, we re rely on your grace. Oh my. Oh, crown in praise. [Music] Lord most high. Oh Jesus Christ and father of love who never failing to forive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. [Applause] [Music] And we're only here to tell the world of how your grace until the day you take us all away. So we cry. And so we cry. Now your name is Sh. Oh God of praise. Oh Lord, you are most high. Oh Jesus [Music] Christ. Lord we [Applause] rely on your grace. Oh wow. Oh my. Oh crown with praise. Oh Lord, you are you are most [Music] high. Oh Jesus Christ and father of love, never failing to forive. Each moment is a gift from you to [Applause] me. And we're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. So we cry. Glory. Oh, your name is Sh. Oh Lord, you are the most high. [Music] King Jesus Christ. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. And we rely on your [Music] grace. I had a crown with praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, you said and I believe it. Well, you say and it is done. You said it. You said and I believe it. Well, you said it is and it is done. You said it over my family. You said it. And I believe it. You said it all for my children. You said it. And it is done. You said over my home, over my health, over my church, over my family, over my spiritual life. You said I'm an overcomer. You said I'm going to make it. You said I could turn down Satan's offering. You said it. You said, "Well, you said it." And I believe it. Well, you you say and done Jehovah. You said he will. You say hallelujah. I believe you, Yahweh. I believe that you're here. So I take you at your word. [Music] Hallelujah. And it is done. You said [Music] it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I say move, move, move. Oh, you said somebody going to move a mountain this morning. It's going to become a mobile right before you. Well, you said any moveable. Break the unbreakable. Say, I believe. Hallelujah. From the impossible. From the [Music] impossible. Oh, you see a miracle. Oh God we believe. God we sings my soul my savior your God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are and sings my soul. This sings my soul. I sing you God to thee. [Music] I how are how great how are you hallelujah? Hallelujah. Glory be to Jesus. How many just wants to surrender right now? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Completely give everything over to the Lord Jesus Christ this morning from the young to the old. That God, Satan's made me an offer, but I offer you my life, the splender of a king. Oh, clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. And darkness tries to hide. Trembles at his voice. trembles at. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, see how great how great is our God. Oh w to age he stands hand is in his hands beginning and beginning and oh god free in one holy Holy Spirit inside me. The light in the lamb. How great, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all we see how great, how great is our God. Let's step it up just a bit. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all we see, how great, how great is our God. Holy land and sea. This hand revealing the son of man. Revealing the son of man. United time has come. Oh Christ are one. Oh soon we're going home. Oh, soon we're gone. We hope. How great is our God? Come on, lift your voice. Say with all your heart, how great, how great is our God. Oh, unveil before our eyes. Oh, the masterpiece of Christ. His love beyond compar love beyond compar. He chose himself this bride. He was taken from his side to rain upon his throne. To rain upon his throne. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, see, how great. How great is our God. Yes, he's the name above all name. And he worthy of my praise. My heart will sing. How great. He's our God. He's the name above all names. And he is good. Yes, he is. Oh my heart. Is somebody heart screaming out? How great is our God? Yes, he is. He is. He is. Yes, he is. Yes, he's the name above all names and he's worthy. Can anybody raise their hand and say he's worthy of my praise. So my heart is going to sing. He is the great I am. One more time. He's the name above all names. Yes, he's the name above all names. And he is Hallelujah. It's a good morning to give your heart to the Lord. Let your heart stream out. You're mine. Yes. How great is my God. Oh, sing with me. How great is my God. And oh, sing. How great, how great is our God. Yes, he's the name above all names. He is worthy of my praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I'll just go ahead and worship the Lord this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. Maybe just make a personal declaration right there to turn down Satan's offer and accept Almighty God. Renewing your heart, every single one of us right here. Let's renew our life to him this morning. While the angel of the Lord is passing by, say, "My heart is yours, Lord Jesus." Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all see how great how great is our [Music] God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I belong to the Lord. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know my name. I'm a child of the king. [Music] Hallelujah. I belong to the Lord. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. I'm a child. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I can. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I belong to the Lord. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I'm a child of the King. Yes, I am. Well, if I hold it, hold it, hold it till I reach that other shore, I'm going to praise his name forever. won't have to suffer here no more. There won't be the one to mock me nor laugh in my face. And my journey won't be over till I reach that reaching place. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I belong to the Lord. Yes, I knew. Yes, I knew I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. Well, they tried to change this message. Oh, with intellectual faith, but the pillar of fire is amongst us. Oh, in this evil day. Well, never will they stop us. Oh. Oh. The rapture is my goal. And it's a time for body change. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I belong to the Lord. Yes, I do. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. Well, they try to change this message. Oh, with intellectual pain, but the purifier is amongst us. Oh, in this evil day. Well, never will they stop me or stand in my way. It's time. Oh, it's time for mighty change. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I am. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know why. I belong to the Lord. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I'm a [Music] child. Hallelujah. Why don't you give the Lord a hand clap of [Applause] praise? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many wants to identify themselves as a child of the king? Hallelujah. Go ahead and play me just a bit of that. This means war. So if Satan's making an offer, we got spiritual warfare to do. Go ahead, Brother Joel. Go ahead and sound that thing off. [Music] Well, I got joy in my soul. Well, God is in control. I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all is well. He's attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this war. Hallelujah. Oh, this war. Oh, this war. I got joy in my soul. Well, God is in control. I got Satan on my trail, but I'm singing all his way. He's attacking every day. Watching I won't turn back. Oh, this war. Oh, this Oh, this war. Oh, this I got joy in my soul. Well, God is in control. I got sing on my trail, but I'm singing all his well. He's attacking every day, but I'm watching while I pray. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. reach for this reach. Hallelujah. Say it like this. I plead I believe the blood. Oh, I believe I believe the blood. Oh, I bleed I bleed the Lord. Oh, I bleed I bleed the Lord. I've been in storm and the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Well, whatever's going wrong, well, my war. Well, I might be in a days, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't. Oh, this is now the Lord gave me this early this morning. Oh, we're not back in town. We were born for this war. Well, Holy Ghost in fire. It is shaking every floor. Well, chains are breaking and giants have to fall. Well, we need the blood. We had the primary call. Oh, this war. Hallelujah. Oh, this say I plead I plead. Oh, I plead. I plead the I bleed. I plead the I plead the I bleed. I believe the word. Oh, I believe I This is for you for gospel house. Oh, this is our time and this is our place. Oh, we stand in power. Oh, by mercy and grace with praise as our weapon and fire in our shout. Oh, goel's rising up and the devil's cast out. This means war. Oh, this means war. I knew what he was doing this morning. This war. [Music] I like that. Oh, this is our time. Oh, this is our place where we stand in power. Oh th mercy and grace with praise as our weapon and fire in our shout. Well for the gospel's rising up and the pass. Well, I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am and I know I am. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am and I know I do. I belong to you all. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. Well, we're not back in. We were born for this war. Oh, Holy Ghost and fire. He's shaking every Well, chains are breaking and giants have to fall. When we leave the world, we heard the rider call. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. And I know I a child of the king. Yes, I am. I belong to the Lord. Yes, I do. Oh, yes, I do. I'm a child of the king. Yes, I am. Oh, I plead I plead I plead the blood. I plead I plead. When you plead the blood of Jesus Christ, it is war against every offer that Satan can offer you. The blood is stronger than anything. Say, "I plead. I plead the blood." Oh, I bleed I bleed the blood. Oh, I bleed I bleed the blood. Oh, I bleed I bleed the blood. Well, I've been a storm and the rain, but the blood still stays the same. Well, whatever's going wrong. Well, my world goes off. Well, I'm on a date, but you can't have my praise. No matter the attack, I won't turn back. Oh, this is You can't have my family. You can't have my family. You can't have my breakthrough. You can't have my breakthrough. You can't have my increase. You can't have my increase. You can't have my Holy Ghost. You can't have my Holy Ghost. You can't have my dance. No, you can't have my dance. I said you can't have my shout. No, you can't have my shout. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, Lord. This Lord, this is my time. This is my place. Will I stand in the message by his mercy and grace with praise as my weapon? I got fire in my shout. Oh, gospel's rising up and the devil is cast out. [Music] Well, glory, glory, glory. Oh, I plead, I believe the [Music] I joy. I'm taking back my soul. I'm taking back my dance. I'm taking back my prayer life. I'm taking back my prodical sin. Hallelujah. Oh, I believe the blood. Oh, I believe I believe the Hallelujah. Go ahead and praise him on the base. Just a minute there, Brother Joel. All right, brother. Go ahead. [Music] Now let all God's children take a chance just for a moment. You got a chance in this [Music] [Music] place. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touch me. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touch me. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touch me. It worship in the hand of the Lord. Well, glory. Well, while I wasn't dancing, somebody touch me. While I wasn't dancing, somebody touch me. While I wasn't dancing, somebody touching it must have been the hand of my Lord. Hallelujah. Well, while I was shouting, somebody touch Well, while I was shouting, somebody touch me. While I was a shout, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. While I was a singing, While I was singing, somebody touch me. While I was singing, somebody touch me. While I was Don't say it must have been, say I know. I know it was a hand of my Lord. Well, while I was dancing, somebody touch me. While I was dancing, somebody touch me. While I was dancing, somebody touch me. I know it was a hand. I know. Hallelujah. Somebody could say, "I know it was a hand of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Melvin King just a few few months ago, maybe maybe weeks ago now, we had a service much like this and the Holy Spirit was moving to this place. He said, "I never been in a place like that." And he said it was just like all of a sudden he said I was there at the back and he said all of a sudden it it was like a fire on top of my head. He said it just kind of passed by. He said then I began to think man I'd like to I'd like to feel that one more time. I'd like to I'd like to have that moment one more time. He said then all of a sudden the realization struck me. I can have that again. And he started worshiping again. And all of a sudden there he come again. I can say this to you. If you know in the spot that you're standing as a believer, you can have this kind of moment, not just in church. Hallelujah. Not just around other believers, but right there in your car, right there on your job. Hallelujah. That's the kind of God that you and I serve. The God that I know will meet you where you are. And he ain't done yet. He's still got more grace. He's still got more blessings. He's still got more healings. He's still got more sons coming back to themselves. Look at this morning. This is detrimental to the kingdom of hell. But if you could just look in that unseen realm and see the kingdom of God has been lifted higher. Sons have come to their position. boot. That devil's going to mess with you this week. But you do like that brother had that dream. That devil kept coming at him and finally he said, "Boo devil." He said, "The more I said it," he said, "the smaller he got and the bigger I got. It's time you do like Jesus said, "It is written, boovil. It is written, boovil. It is written. It is written, you can't have my family. It is written, you can't have my increase. It is written, you can't have my sound mind. It is written, "You can't have my breakthrough." It is written, "You can't have my message." It is written, "You can't have my liberty." It is written, "You can't have it." You can't have it. You can't have it. You can't have it. Why? Because I said [Applause] so. Satan, your offer is off the table. We got a higher bid. We got a higher bid. Jesus paid it all. Why don't you give the Lord just one one praise? One praise so loud that shakes the [Applause] rafters. Where two or three? Come on Miriam. Come on Miriam. Come on Joshua. Come on Moses. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And all heaven and earth heard I John saying, "Worthy is the lamb." Come on little bride. Let all heaven hear you. Let all the earth beneath hear you. Worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can you see sister Jessie? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Worthy is the Lamb who was [Music] slain of living [Music] color, flashes of light, rose of thunder. Why don't you come help me, sister? Sister Melissa, Sister [Music] Whitney. Hallelujah. We're in a very special spot. Very [Music] special. Very special. I'd say something is happening right now. [Music] You know it's special. You know you even feel it right now. You don't you, sister? You feel it, Sister Heather? You realize that you're in a very special spot. She's not alone in this. You feel it back there. You feel it, Sister Mary. You feel it, Brother Gabriel. Let us come together as a bride and say this. Worthy, worthy is the lamb. Won't you sisters? I'm sorry. Worthy [Music] is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he [Music] sing heaven's mercy Heaven's mercy sing. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is still to come. All creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. [Music] You are my everything and I will adore you. [Music] Glory be to [Music] Jesus in rainbows of living colors. Ashes and lightning ro of thunder. [Music] Blessings and honor strength and glory and [Music] power to you the only one with me. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come with all creation. I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and my will adore you. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to [Music] come with all creation. I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. more than anything. And more than anything, I love you, [Music] Jesus, oh more than anything. [Music] more than anything. No more [Music] anything. I love you, [Music] Jesus. Oh, more than anything, more than anything. Oh, more than more than houses. Oh, more than riches. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. Oh, more than lift your hand right there. Say, "I love you more than anything. More than money." Oh, more than money. More than land. Oh, more than land. I love you, my Jesus. [Music] Jesus. [Music] I want you to look over at your neighbor and I want you to tell them, "I'm going to be praying for you this week." [Music] Now look at your other neighbor and tell them we're going to make it and we're going to make it together. I love right here in the presence of the Lord. Wrongs have been made right. Families have been restored. [Music] Anything. Oh yes I do. Oh more than any [Music] th anything I love you getting ready to just let you be dismissed just now, but we want you to uh we want to make an announcement that we're going to have our choir stay after service today and we're going to have them practice a song. I want you to do me a favor. The Lord has dealt with us very specially this weekend. And I want you as you go out, not just this service and not just next weekend, but from now on when you walk out, I want you, you don't have to leave this building. You got to leave at some point, but you don't have to leave. when the ushers are coming by, if you want to sit there and you want to worship the Lord, you have a right to do that. But I want you to do me a huge favor. You want to make these meetings like this every single weekend, don't you? When you come in, I invite you to come in and do what the prophet taught us, to sit and pray. I know that you love one another greatly, and I know that everybody here means so much to you. But the greatest thing that you can do for these meetings is not to talk to your neighbor right beside you, but to spend time in prayer reading your Bible. We play this beautiful music before service to create an atmosphere. And you help do that by sitting there reading and praying. You make these meetings. Without you, we have no meetings. I'm a preacher. Brother William and Brother Matt are great preachers. But without you, we can't preach. So you are the assembly that God has placed us to be leadership over top of and to feed you. And if you could do that, come in every weekend as the deacons have handed out before different things of notes saying, "Come in here, be reverent." I believe that I believe that you'll see Brother Ron completely healed. I believe that you will see complexes leave you completely when you begin to spend time in prayer in this church before the service. It's something the prophet taught us and I believe it's something that you need to do. So God richly bless you as you're dismissed. Choir, if you wouldn't mind just please staying after today. God bless you. We love you with all of our hearts. Amen. [Music]
