################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-26 - The Attack On The Field (Part 2) - Bro. Andrew Spencer on April 26th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-26
Title:   "The Attack On The Field" (Part 2) - Bro. Andrew Spencer on April 26th, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPvqnJd-tGM
========================================

Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You got home. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's a Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's holy. Oh, he's holy. Oh, he's holy. Oh, he's holy. Holy. Won't you live? Won't you live? Oh yes, he's provider. Oh, [Music] provider. Oh, proider provider. [Music] He my cup is awesome. [Music] He keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. Amen. Aren't you so thankful we serve an awesome God this evening? Good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Won't you just turn and greet everyone? Welcome here. Glad to have brother Kenny Caps here with us this evening. God bless you, brother Kenny. Each and every one of our visitors. Amen. Let's sing a song, Victory in Jesus, my savior forever. Aren't you glad you got the victory in him? Well, I heard an old story. How savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. But then I heard about his groaning. Oh, his precious blood atone. Then I repented of my sins and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. For healing of the air I knew him and all the love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flow. Well, I heard about his feeling of his cleansing, how he prepared me, how he made the lame to walk the cave and cause the blind to see. And then I cried and tell Jesus, "Come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought victory. Oh, victory in Jesus, my savior forever. For he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Well, he loved the end. I knew him and all the love is due. He loves me to victory beneath the seat again. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. Well he sought me and he bought me but his redeeming love. Well he loved me. I knew him and all the love is to me. He will launch me to victory beneath the [Music] pl. Amen. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Just open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see [Music] you. I want to see you. To see you. I lift it up. [Applause] Shining the light of your glory. Just pour out your power. Just receive holy hol. Open the eyes. Just open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I will see. [Music] Oh, I want to see you. Open the eyes. Just open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. to see you. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Just pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy. Well, let's sing that again. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you, to see you, to see you hiding it up. Shining the light of your glory. Pour out your power as we sing. Holy, holy, [Music] holy. Amen. Amen. Let's singing. My hope is in the Lord from this time on. Let's try key of D. [Music] My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the [Music] Lord forever [Music] more. I standing all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the waste [Music] stoing of the sea so the living I [Music] s [Music] my this time [Music] Oh my is in the Lord forever more. His gender mercies come with every rising sun to be the sinner in his room in You walk for healing and [Music] for all to those who trust in you and their hearts [Music] and my Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is all my hope is in the Lord. Oh my [Music] This [Music] time my home is in the [Music] Lord forever. Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this evening, I want to continue to lift up all of our elderly, the ones that can't make it here. Brother Clarence, Sister Betty, Brother Rogers, Sister Anne Sailor. Want to continue lift up our sister Sarah Gooden that God will touch her, strengthen her, as well as our sister Pat Gooden in our prayers. Want to remember our pastor, God will continue to touch him, strengthen him. Uh thank for wonderful services they had last weekend there in Louisiana. Glad to have them back home here. Amen. I want to remember sister Donna Baler that is fighting that cancer. That is brother Tom Ber's wife. Be lifting up continue to pray for brother Bill Delaney and sister Teresa Delaney and their needs in body. Uh please remember sister Sue Lambert. Thank you, brother Ray. Also want to be lifting up and remembering our sister Lorie Snow after that uh deal with her heart there and that anorism I believe. Um please keep my grandparents in your prayers. Their home in New York had an electric fire and was a complete loss. Thankful everyone made it out safely, but they are having a hard time with it all. Thank you, brother Mason. I want to continue. Let's just pray for that family there and that loss of that home. But thank the Lord everyone's safe there. Please remember Sister Julia in prayer. She is home this evening not feeling well. Thank you, Sister Tracy Frasier. Amen. Dear church family, please remember my mom in prayer. She's having some health issues. Thank you, Sister Sister Sarah Hankle. Amen. So just be remembering Sister Deborah in our prayers there. How many would have an unspoken request you'd like to lift up to the Lord. Amen. I'm going ask brother Chris Morris if he would just come pray over these needs this evening if you would. Amen. Amen. Let's just all pray and believe together. our gracious father as we just come to you Lord and what a mighty God we serve Lord what a mighty God we see every day Lord when we wake up when we go to bed and father the circumstances of life when you get sick and father knowing this week I was sick not feeling good and and father just thinking of our pastor and Lord the elements that was in my body and father through it all I tried to wear a smile now. And Lord, I just pray for our pastor this morning, this evening. Lord, give him the strength. Give him the fight. And Lord, I just pray for the request. Lord, each and every one was wrote in. Lord, each and every one is a special need. And Father, we just bringing before you the throne of grace. And Lord, we're asking you to move on a each and every situation. Lord, if it's finances, spiritual, Lord, if someone just needs a just a refilling, I just pray, Father, you just come by this evening. Lord, we know you're not busy because all you just want to be is worshiped. You just want to be asked. Come by. And Father, we're asking. We got believers here that Lord, we have a need. Lord, we just want to tell you we love you. Appreciate your goodness and your grace you showed to us. And Lord, we commit the service now in your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. [Music] Amen. Brother Chris. Amen. This evening, we're going to have Sister April Diaz come sing for us if she would. And then I'd like to have brother comes after Sister April this evening. If brother Kenny would prepare to sing for us and then uh after brother Kenny we'll have sister Sarah Robinson. So let's uh receive this evening's offering. You give as God's blessed you. And after you've given, you can be seated. My mom and daddy talked about going home since I was just a babe on their knees. They said that nothing compared to what was waiting up there. How one day we would finally be free. Well, I've never seen it. But I keep on believing it will be a place like I've never known. I keep my eyes on the sky cuz my soul wants to fly. But my heart is ready to go. I want to know how it feels to make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of gold. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. Sometimes I get weary from this life that I live and see my peace is something I'll never find. I've tried to lighten my load when all that I have will show is 700 things on my mind. Well, I'm seeing visions of a crystal clearar river where sins forgotten without a trace. More than I've ever dreamed. My eyes want to see the look above on my savior's face. I want to know how it feels to make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of home. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. Sometimes I get weary from this life that I lived and seem like peace is something I'll ever find. I try to lighten my load when all that I have to show is 700 things on my mind. Well, I'm seeing visions of a crystal clear river where sins forgotten without a trace. More than I've ever dreamed. My eyes want to see the look of love on my savior's face. I want to know how it feels. To make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it [Music] feels to have my talk with the saints of old. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. [Music] Amen. Don't you want to know how I feel? Amen. God bless you, Brother Kenny. We'd like to have you come sing for us if you would. Amen. Praise the Lord, church. I've been in the message all my life and this is the first time I've been here. Where have I been? I think I've been overseas half my life. God bless you. It's good to be here. There's a little song. Actually, it's an old Pentecostal song. song. I don't know the name of it, but u I call it the Holy Ghost song. So trust you'll do something for you tonight. Amen. Well, it's not form and it's not fashion. Well, it's salvation sent from God. It suits me fine. I said it's old, but it's new. It's powerful and it's true. I praise God. This Holy Ghost is genuine. Let me sing that again. Well, it's not for and it's not fashion. Well, it's salvation sent from God. It suits me fine. I said it's old, but it's new. It's powerful and it's true. I praise God. This Holy Ghost is genuine. Well, on the day of Pentecost, there assembled but a few, but the most important thing had yet to come. Then from heaven, God did send like a mighty rushing wind. And they found this Holy Ghost was genuine. Said it's not and it's not passion. Well, it's salvation said God. It suits me fine. I said it's more but it's blue. It's powerful and it's true. I praise God this Holy Ghost you wide. Well, if the devil has you down and he's running you around, my friend, there's only one thing left for you to do. Well, just repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and you'll find this Holy Ghost is genuine. Well, it's not for and it's not passion, but it's salvation sent from God. It suits me fine. Glory said, "It's old, but it's new. It's powerful and it's true. I praise God. This Holy Ghost is genuine." Well, it's not and it's not passion. Well, it's salvation sent from God. It suits me fine. said, "It's old, but it's new. It's powerful and it's true. I praise God. This Holy Ghost, can you God bless you tonight, church?" You know, this song to me, this song is about the message. It's not form. It's not passion, but it's nothing but the Holy Ghost sent right to us. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] For the world that's lost in darkness. For the saint who's gone astray. For the sinner, blind but searching. For the child in need of faith. For the homeless and forsaken. For the hungry and the cold. For the prisoner and the captive. For the young and for the old. There is a remedy. For every sin sick soul, there is a cure for all. All the pain and hurt and wrong, there is a solution. For all the problems deep inside, there is a remedy and his name is Jesus Christ. For the bitter, for the lonely, for the weary and afraid, for the burdened and frustrated, the discouraged and dismayed, for the mocked and persecuted, for the battered, for the wrong. For the scarred and for the wounded, for the weak and for the strong, there is a remedy. For every sin's sick, soul, there is a cure for all. All the pain and hurt and wrong. There is a solution. For all the problems deep inside, there is a remedy and his name is Jesus Christ. For every tribe in every nation. For every color, every race. For every tongue in every language. For every time in every place. There's an answer to the questions. And there is love for all the hate. There's a healer for the dying. He's the light, the truth, the way. There is a remedy for every sin sings. Oh, there is a cure for all. All the pain and hurt. For all, there is a solution. For all the problems deep inside, there is a remedy and his name is Jesus Christ. There is a remedy and his name is Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's stand. Aren't you glad you got that remedy this evening? And his name is Jesus. That was wonderful. Amen. Psalms 23. Lord is my shepher. Let's sing this as prepare to give it to brother Andrew this evening. Lord is my shepher. He goes before me, defender bey. Oh, I won't fear. I'm filled with anointy. My cups [Music] overflowing. No weapon can harm me. Oh, how he Oh, hallelujah. I am not Lord. He's my God. He [Music] always he always guides me through mountains and [Music] valleyies. His joy is [Music] refreshing, restore my [Music] soul of mercy and goodness. Oh, give me the [Music] shuring that I'll see his [Music] [Applause] glory. Oh yes. Oh face to face. [Music] Oh, I am the [Music] Lord. Oh, he's my comfort. He always hold me. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I am the Lord. He's my brother. Brother Andrew, he's my God. [Music] Always [Music] host. I'm not alone. He's my Oh, he's my cover. He He always holds me [Music] close. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. Oh my victory. Oh my victory. Your spirit lives. Come on. Shout it from your Lord. From the very bottom of your soul. Your spirit lives within me. Oh my victory. Oh my victory. For your spirit is within [Music] me. Come on [Music] now. My victory. Oh my victory. Oh hallelujah. I am not alone. [Music] Oh, he's my comfort. He always holds you close. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful that the Lord is your shepherd? I come on now. How many's thankful the Lord's a shepherd? How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord? All right, tell your neighbor, I'm happy to be in the house of the Lord. All right, now tell your face, I'm happy to be in the house of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the most high God. God bless you. It's good to be here tonight. Amen. I tell you what, I you don't realize how bad you miss somebody till you leave. And I tell you what, I I found I have missed my people. God bless you. We love you so much. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We love you so much. And bring greetings from the brothers and sisters there in New Zealand. And I know that there's a few of you that's already watched those meetings. And and uh I tell you, we were just blessed to be able to go. And we found a we found another portion of the bride of Jesus Christ on the other end of the world that that loves this message just as much and you and I love this message. And I and brother Andrew said I he said he said first he said I saw you. He said I thought you know what he just doesn't have a he just doesn't have enough he doesn't have enough revival. He said so I brought him all the way down here to New Zealand so he could get a hold of some of our revival down here. So, so if I'm a different man, you can blame it on brother Andrew down there and brother Andrew Donaldson and my we just we had a wonderful time. I found uh I found a friend that I've been missing all my life and and uh it was just a wonderful time in the Lord and uh Lord blessed us and I know I I watch the services back here at home and the Lord blessed you abundantly. Thank you, brother William, for a wonderful word. Brother Matthew, God richly bless you and brother Ron all the way down there in Louisiana. I was on the mission field and brother Ron was on the mission field too. You need a passport to get through Arkansas down in Louisiana. So God richly blessed them brothers. And my I tell you what, I left and the world fell apart. The Pope died, Jay got engaged. We're so happy for Brother Jay and Sister Alessa. We just want to say God bless you. Amen. Wow. I had to leave for it to happen, but praise the Lord. Ladies, he's off the field now. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. My my my. There's so much we could say, Brother Jay. But God bless you. We certainly love Brother Jay with all of our heart. And Sister Alyssa, we pray special prayers for you. God bless you, sis. Amen. We just we love them with all of our heart. They're special to us. and certainly thankful to have brother Kenny here with us tonight. God bless you, brother. It's good to have you here. Took you a little bit to get here, but we're thankful that you're here. Been a while. Well, God bless you, buddy. We love you for all all that's within us. Amen. Maybe we'll just have a key of A. And I'm so excited to see you. I got to calm my nerves down a little bit. So, Amen. You love the Lord. And I tell you what, I had I was a part of a meeting last weekend. We had a convention. But I I believe right now. Right now. Oh, I feel it bubbling on the inside of me. We can have a convention right now. You ain't got to wait for a special meeting. You ain't got to wait for some preacher to come by [Applause] here. Hallelujah. I sing praises to your [Music] name, oh Lord. All praises to your name, oh Lord. Oh, for your name is great and great to be praised. And I sing praise to your name. [Music] Oh, all praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Lord, we are the ones called by your name. Oh, we humble ourselves now as we [Applause] pray. Oh, renounce every sin and wicked way. Oh, we lift our voice. We seek your face and we say Lord send the rain just pour out your spirit. Oh let the fire fall this one and all fall aresh on me. Lords in the rain. Just pour out your spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Heal us one and all. Fall aresh on me. Singing holy, holy spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. He us one and all. Fall aresh on me. Lord send me. Lord send the rain. Just pour out your [Music] spirit. Oh, let the fire fall. Jesus one and all. Fall aresh on me. Hallelujah. Give the Lord another hand. Clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Amen. If you have your Bibles this evening, we'd like to look over in the book of Genesis chapter 3. Genesis chapter 3 and verse 13 and also down to Matthew chap 13 as well. Hallelujah. So thankful the Lord blessed us in our Easter, but I say it's Easter again. Amen. The prophet taught us that it's Easter every day. Amen. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. How many How many has a need tonight that you need the Lord to move on? Amen. You need the Lord to move tonight. I know I've I've got notes from all over the place, just special needs, and we just want to be mindful of the the body of Christ. Amen. Just want to remember those here, those that are not here, and the believers around the world that Father would that the Father would minister to them tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you, Lord Jesus. Lord, what a special spot that we're standing in, Lord Jesus. God, this building does not hold you. These pews, these seats, this little portion of of this little building here does not hold you. But what holds you is this body, Father. And you've come one more time, Lord Jesus, to enter into these temples, Father, and to fill them with more revelation, more power, more truth, more definition of who you are, Lord. And we are asking Lord right now in the presence of Jehovah that you would come by our way here in Elton, Virginia. And that you would begin to bless us according to thy holy word. Now Lord, there are needs that are presented. Lord, there's a brother that just sent us a note just a little bit ago. Lord has been fighting a fever for 10 days. And Father, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that you would break that hold of the enemy that has a hold of him right now. That you would allow him to have relief in his body. Father, Lord, there's many, Lord, that are sick. There's many that have needs. There's many that are here in the room, Lord Jesus. Father, and as if we could say it like this. We're in a hospital room. There's many people that are needing heart surgery here tonight. There's many people that are needing things that are done upon their extremities of the body. And we're asking, Lord, that the Holy Spirit would just begin to move in this place. Lord, we have prayed, we have asked, and we have sought that you would meet us. Father, I know what you have done for me in my study today. And I pray, Lord, that you would allow my heart to just relax just for a moment so that you can preach, Lord, what you have given unto me, Lord, in this moment. Lord, I ask, God, that you would just do exceedingly abundantly above all that we could ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. And Father, you said we have not because we ask not. Father, my cup is up. Lord, my hand is up. My heart is here upon this altar. And I'm praying God that you would just move in a very special way according to your word. We put oursel in submission to your Holy Spirit. Just now in Jesus Christ's name we pray these things. Amen. And amen. Genesis 3 and verse 13. And the Lord God said unto the woman, "What is this that thou hast done?" And the woman said, "The serpent begiled me, and I did eat." And the Lord God said unto the serpent, "Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field, upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust thou shalt eat all the days of thy life. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed, and it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." Matthew chapter 13 and verse three, we realize that when God makes this prophecy, it is in the most darkest of hours when he makes this prophecy that I'm going to put enmity between the woman seed, thy seed, the serpent's seed, and between her seed. We realize that the prophet told us that the woman does not have a seed, but she has a field. So we realize that in this moment in this trial that we realize that God is making a very prominent prophecy over top of his children. Matthew 13:3 and he spake many things unto them in parables saying behold a swer went forth to sow and when he sowed some some seeds fell by the wayside and the fowls came and devoured them. Some fell upon stony ground where they had not much earth. And forth with they sprung up because they had no deepness of earth. And when the sun was up, they were scorched. And because they had no root, they withered away. And some fell amongst thorns, and the thorns sprung up and choked them. But others fell into good ground. Right here it is. Good ground. But some fell on the wayside and some fell into the thorny ground. But some fell into good ground. Some fell in good ground. You think about how you even got here in the picture was because you were good ground before you even look like good ground. I was I was talking about sister terror this week. I was telling some brothers and sisters all the way on the other side of the world that it didn't look like you was good ground at one point. Didn't look like you wanted anything to do with this seed, but God knew you was good ground. You were in the same situation. You didn't look like it and you looked like a like a like a bad spot. But God knew what kind of ground that he was sewing this seed in. But others fell on good ground and brought forth some 100fold, some 60fold, and some 30fold. Whoath ears to hear, let him hear. May God bless his word. You may be seated here tonight in the presence of the Lord. I'd like to just jump down to verse 24 there. And the the Bible said, "And another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. But while he slept, his enemy came and sowed tears amongst the weed, and went his way." But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tears also. So the servants of the householder came, and said unto him, "Sir, did thou not sow good seed in thy field, from which then hath it tears?" And he said unto him, "An enemy hath done this?" The servant said unto him, "Wilt thou then that we should go and gather them up?" But he said, "No, nay, lest while ye gather up the tears, you root up also the wheat with them, wheat with them, let both grow together until the harvest and the time of harvest. And I will say to the reapers, I will say to the reapers, gather ye first the tears, and bind them in bundles, and burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn." Notice what Jesus said in verse 37. He that sweth the good seed is the son of man. The field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom. But the tears are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sowed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world and the reapers are the angels. By by the help of the Lord, I'd like to just continue on a thought that the Lord placed on our heart a couple weeks ago. We spoke a portion of that here a few weeks ago on the attack on the field. The attack on the field. Now when Jesus comes here and he uses the parable of the swer and the seed that some fell on good ground and some fell on thorny ground and some fell on stony ground. Brother Brandham would talk about that dusty ground that it was dusty ground that we that it was dusty ground of denominations. And immediately when you watch as Jesus shows the parable of the swer, you begin to watch the battle that is there in the scriptures that that's just like the preaching of the gospel. We don't know who is what and we don't know exactly where it's going to fall at. But our job is simply to to preach the gospel to sew the gospel. And we realize that when that seed is sown in good ground, that then you begin to watch the attack of the enemy come in there and he begins to attack. He begins to attack the field because he realizes he realizes that there there is a harvest that is to come if there is a good seed that is sown. So we realize that Satan is not afraid. He's not afraid of a necessarily not necessarily afraid of the field, but he's afraid of the harvest that'll come forth from the field because he realizes that there is a potential for a birth. And if there is a potential for a birth, then that then it's going to go through a process. If it's going to go through a process, then there's got to be pressures. There's got to be battles. There's going to be opposition. But we realize this that God is the God that defends his seed. You notice immediately when Jesus starts reading and teaching us in Matthew chapter 13 that the that the enemy doesn't go out there and attack empty fields. Is anybody going to preach with me tonight? The enemy doesn't go out there and attack empty fields, but he literally goes out there and fights fertile rooms. He literally goes out there and fights the good ground where the seed has been sown at. And God has something that he has deposited has the power to transform itself. Now, the prophet would come and he would preach, he would preach a very powerful message on the harvest time. And there, brother Brandon would teach us and he would show us that we're in a very significant period in this course of life. And it's it's identified as the scripture said that the harvest is at the end time. Now the purpose of this time is so that he could prepare a people for his second coming. Now brother Brandham when he's there in the harvest time, brother Brandham and in different places he will begin to lay in some things about the different stages of the wheat that it's going to go. It's going to go through its different stages of stalk. It's going to go from blade stalk from tassel to shook. Then back to the original seed again. And brother man is in there and he begins to show us that in there that there we begin to watch the various church ages. There we begin to watch the various movement of the Holy Spirit. And brother Brandon would teach us that they were not the life but they were simply the carrier of life. Is that right? They were simply carriers of the life. They had a portion of life, but they were simply the life was simply just passing through Luther. It was passing through Wesley. It was passing through the Pentecostal age. And now we realize that we've come and completely made a return to the original seed back in its complete restoration again. And you begin to watch as the prophet begins to teach us and lay out some very fundamental things that he shows us that Satan comes in there by different powers to begin to delude and to deceive and to corrupt the seed that God has put in the ground. But we realize that we're in a very special spot because there was a prophet that stood through uh many years ago, thousands of years ago, and said that I will restore, sayeth the Lord, all the years, the cankerworm, the caterpillar, and the palmer worm, all those things. He said, I'm going to restore that. and I'm going to restore that means and shows us that we realize that we are in a pre very special spot. Hallelujah. We're in a very special spot. I don't know if you know this, but it's harvest time, brother. It's harvest time, sister. And if it's harvest time, it means that there is a maturing that has taken place. You're not like you were. Paul said, "When I was a child, I spake as a child. But when I became a man, I started talking like a man." You see, you could not understand this. In the birth, in the birth when we were back in there 47, but you watch the maturing of the bride where we are, we watch and recognize that we have come to a spot where the grain has matured and has been separated away from the shook. That's why the prophet would come there and he would teach that the seed is not heir with the shuck that you didn't have nothing to do with Ishmael that you didn't have nothing to do with Catholicism but the sun the presence of the sen begin to shine its light on you and because there was something there hallelujah because there was something there laying there you begin to lay in presence of the sen and it begin to mature that gene seed of God that he deposited. But it took the light. It took the light, brother, to bring you to life. But we realize that we are not hopeless in this generation. We realize that we are with that we're not without hope. We realize that we're in a special spot because we realize that a prophet said that in the evening time, it shall be light. Though they might be groping in darkness, they shall have light. Now, you might not understand this, but before that seed can manifest what it is, it's got to have some light that begins to shine over top of it. And you watch the light manifest. What was originally sown Amen. Now that's a powerful place to draw from. But brother Brandham said in why I'm a holy roller. He said now in Genesis was a seed chapter where all the seeds were sown. He said everything that you find in the world today came out of Genesis. Everything back there began back there in the beginning. He said now it's like sewing a crop. He said, "If you watch what kind of of a seed you got, no matter what it looks like when it's this high, you have to see what it is, what the seed is, you have to you have to see what it'll be when it comes to the seed." He said, "If it's a wheat, a corn, or whatever it is," he said, "It might look like a weed, but if it's a wheat down here, it might look like a weed, but if it's a wheat down here in the bottom, it'll produce a wheat up there. It might look like a wheat, but if it's a wheat down here, it might look corrupted, but if it's a wheat down here, if it's a gene seed of God down here, what are you saying? I'm saying it like this. Jacob looked like a weed. He looked messy. His life was messy. His life was sticky. He ran in his life. He served Laban in his life. He feared in his life. But yet on the inside of Jacob, he did not have the seat of a deceiver on the inside of him. He did not have the seat of a cyster on the inside of him. His first nature was sticky. His first nature had a deceiver on him. But on the inside of him, it was not the seed of a weed. It was a seed of a wheat. Come on, somebody. In your life, there's going to be some sewing. There's going to be growth and then there's going to be harvest. And in Jacob's sewing, the Bible said that he was chosen for a destiny. How many knows the Bible says that about Jacob? That Jacob I have loved and Esau I've hated. So he was swn into a destiny. He was swn into a destiny. Even Hallelujah. Even when it did not look like Jacob was Jacob, even when it looked like Jacob was a Jacob, he did not look like a prince with power. But on the inside of him laid the power, the growth that he was going to go through, he was sold to a destiny. And his growth, he wrestled with fear. He wrestled with deceit. He wrestled with hardship. But the harvest, the harvest, the harvest, I said the harvest showed that he was a prince. What are you saying? And I'm saying your outward struggles do not define you. I'm going to preach to somebody on the internet here tonight. I'm going to preach to somebody on internet here tonight. But your outward struggles do not define you. You see, the seed that God placed on the inside of you. The struggles will never destroy the seed, but they will reveal it. Your struggle does not Your struggle does not make you, your struggle does not destroy you, but your struggles reveal what's on the inside of you. Now, notice when the prophet is standing there and you remember when the spirit of the Lord comes to him and tells him to pick up your pen and write. If you've ever read that and you haven't read it, go back and read it again because that is not the mind of William Brandham. That was coming right from the mind of Elohim. That's what I love about this message is this message didn't come from a hillbilly Kentucky. This message didn't come from somebody that was without education. This message came from the mind of almighty God. When you read them seal books, there is no other book in all the libraries and all the United States and all over the world that can contain the power that is released right there in them seven seals. Why? Because it came from the mind of Elohim. Now the prophet I believe it's going to mean something to you, brother Joel. He said, "Now one night I was I was seeking the Lord." He said, 'The Holy Spirit told me to pick up my pen and write. As I grasp that pen to write, his spirit gave me a message for the church. He said, I want to bring it to you. It has to do with the word and the bride. Here is what I'm trying to say to you. The law of reproduction is that each species brings forth after its own kind. Even according to Genesis 1 and 11 that God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass and the herb yielding seed and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind whose seed is in itself. Upon the earth it was so." Whatever life was in the seed came forth into the plant and then into the fruit. He said the very same law applies to the church today. Whatever seed started the church will come forth and be like the original seed because it is the same seed. How many's on the same page with me? Now watch and capture the depth and the beauty of what the prophet picks up. He said notice this is the spirit of God speaking. In these last days, the true bride church, Christ seed, will come to the headstone and she will be a super church, a super race. As she nears him, they in the bride will be so much like him that they will be in his very image. That's not the mind of William Brandham. That's the mind of Christ. This is in order to be united with him. They will be one. They will be one. There will be no strife between the bride and the bridegroom. But they will be one. Hallelujah. There is no disagreement between the bride and the bridegroom. There is no idea in the bride that isn't in the bridegroom. There is no concept that is in the bride that is not in the bridegroom. Everything that he is, she is. That's why we can say he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the prophet would say she is him. It's because it's because your flesh is containing the very life. Ain't no wonder Satan's trying to attack the field. Ain't no wonder he's trying to stop you from getting to this message. Ain't no wonder he's trying to keep you from getting the Holy Ghost. Ain't no wonder This is in order to be united with him. They will be one. They will be the very manifestation of the word of the living God. You see, that's why you needed a Pentecost. That's why you had to go into the upper room. That's why you needed a feast of first fruits. That's why you had to know that it was Sunday again. Come on. There's a lot of people that went to church last Sunday. There's a lot of people that got up and thank God for the resurrection. But I'm not talking about a resurrection of 2,000 years ago. I say it's Sunday again. I say he's here. I say he's manifested. I say he's right here in the room. That's why you got to have a Pentecost. You've got to have a Pentecost where the wave chief is waved over your life and you come up and show that the same power that was in the first one is in this one. I love what the prophet said. People ask what is Pentecost and the prophet gave us a very clear explanation. He said, "It's a restoration of the same kind of grain that went into the ground at the beginning, bringing back all the fullness of the power of Pentecost by the baptism of the Holy Ghost in the last days." Oh, it's a great thing to look at that and believe it. He said, "But now in this age that we're now living in," he said, "It's beyond Pentecost." This is Come on. It ain't good enough just it ain't good enough just go back to Pentecost. Come on. You look out there at the world. You watch it. You watch You watch the Pentecostal move right now. They are calling for a 1906 revival. That's what they're asking for. That's all they know. But this bride doesn't have to wish for revival. This bride doesn't have to hope to be back there. But she's got the same power that fell on the day of Pentecost. But even greater than that, she is under the anointing of a mighty angel that has anointed her with the same spirit and the same anointing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In the Ephesians church age, he said, "But thank God in the last age, there will be a group that'll rise up. The true bride of the last age of the last day, she will listen to the spirit in that day of gross darkness. The light will return to the pure word and we will return to the power of Pentecost to welcome back the Lord Jesus. Lord, y'all okay? This is full Gospel Lighthouse. I I ain't got my glasses on. Lord, I thought somebody died. Lord have mercy. What y'all do last weekend? Y'all tore it up. You wore their amens out of them. Now, you watch. You watch. When it comes to this, there's a battle. There's a battle that's going on. You notice what the prophet said in wisdom versus faith. He said, "Now, you see that seed word cannot grow in that atmosphere of knowledge. As soon as knowledge mixes with faith, it dies." Right there. It's like Peter walking on water. He was fine as long as he was walking in faith. But when he began to mix it with knowledge, he died right there. Again, the prophet said that Holy Ghost seeds of the Bible cannot grow in the atmosphere of wisdom. It cannot grow. That's why you cannot preach to this bride and intellectual conception. That's why you can't stand there and give her an education on how to get the Holy Ghost and how to be a better Christian and how to be a better person because knowledge will kill you. But faith will manifest in the very atmosphere of faith what God has destined that seed to become. You see, until he stops calling, and I believe he's still calling, that Pentecostal message and power will never cease. The prophet said that what the church had at Pentecost is her inalienable right. That means that ain't no devil going to take it from you. There ain't no there ain't no high fallutin devil going to take it from you. There ain't no low devil that can take it from you. What the church had at Pentecost is her inalienable right. I say cancer can't take it from you. Leosa can't take it from you. Come on now. The devil himself and all of his angels that fell from him, that fell with him in the beginning, they can't take it from you. The denominations can't take it from you. The church world can't take it from you. Your mama can't take it from you. Your It is unable. Tell the devil you can't take his power from me. Tell the devil you can't take his power from me. You might try. You might tempt. might you might try to flood but you'll never take this away from me. Now notice in the garden in the creation that anything that you see now brother man said I took two years and I study out all of Genesis. He said I studied out. He said everything that you see in the world today he said started back there in Genesis. He said in the beginning, he said you could trace it all the way back. And when God is standing there in creation and he begins to speak to the earth and the Bible said that out of the ground the Lord God formed every beast of the field and every fowl of the air and brought them unto Adam to see what he could call them. And whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof. So, Adam begins to watch as God begins to draw the cattle right out of the ground. And he watches the nature of it and he calls it by its name. He watches God bring the tiger out. He watches God bring Leo the lion out and he calls it that. He calls it according to its nature. It's like a father that is named his child and he watches that child how that it responds when it calls its name. It's like brother William calling out to Elijah. There might be another Elijah in this room like there is but there's only one Elijah Borivan that has the ability to respond to the father like brother Elijah does. Even though there's another Elijah here, only one has the ability to respond like brother Elijah does. And when these creatures are watching as Aodam is beginning to manifest and begins to call to them, they have a response because they recognize that the voice that put them in the ground. The ability of that voice was now in a human body and was now speaking to that flesh. It was speaking to that potass. It was speaking to that calcium. If I can just get you to believe this, that you'll begin to respond to the father's spirit as he begins to work and brood over you. That you'll recognize his purpose of being born is to become his womb. To become his womb where he could sew his seed in your field. Notice as these beasts are coming up out of the field, there's another beast there. There's a beast that is more subtle than any of the beast of the field. And Satan is very close as God is working his spoken word through Adam as he's calling to them. Satan's watching this. He goes to a place where seeds are being sown. He comes to this field and he watched the field begin to manifest what God had deposited. There's things that are laying in the ground, potassium, and all the minerals. And up out of the ground comes these beings and Satan watches this serpent rise up. Now you watch, science has tried to find that serpent. They have broke everything down trying to find that missing link. They've they've got and all the great scientists of the world have tried to trace it back to a chimpanzeee. But brother Brandon would teach us that there was an affinity between her seed and his seed. He said there was a place where Satan could intermingle his seed. He said you'll notice he said in between he said in between that he said you take a thyroid cell of an animal. He said it'll go to a certain place. He said, "But it'll never reproduce a life of it again." He said, "Because God broke that pattern back there in the Garden of Eden." But Satan found a spot. He found a way into the field so that he could deposit his seed in this field so that he could not only just place his seed somewhere, but he could attack the field that God had created to be his field. You see, that's why Satan wants to get to you through denominational creed ideas. It's because Hallelujah. It's because if he can block your gene seed, if he can block the field and place ideologies and filters over top of you and interpret the word, he can block the visitation of Melzdc. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. May I say this unto you, there's no way, there's no chance, there's no power that Satan can get to this field because God ordained you to life, to power, to truth. You watch as Adam and God begin to work in creation. They begin to work there together. And the very first thing, it begins to bring up a little flower out of the dust. and he begins to call it the lily. And then out of the same dust comes an animal. It's a it's a it's a dog. And then up out of there comes the eagle. Out of the same dust. And out of the dust comes the most perfect thing. The Bible said that he was made in the image of God. Brother Brandon will tell us that you could get no higher than that image because it was made in the image of God. Ain't that powerful? You can't get no higher than the image of God. And Satan is trying to come around and pervert it so that you think you're a cat and you think you're a dog and you think that you're a man when you're really a woman. What he's trying to do is break the sales down of what God ordained in the beginning. But God in this hour has brought about a prophet's message that has restored the truth of manhood and womanhood. Brother Brandham comes in the rapture. There it is. Brother Brandham comes in the rapture and he said when God deposited that germ seed, he said he didn't deposit part human life and then dog life and then woman life or cat life. He said what it was. He said it was all human life. He said so sail on top of sail on top of sail started building until it became a life. That's why this message has produced again not a part of a human, not a part of a cat, not a part of a dog, but what God deposited. Mercy be to Jesus. Satan knew. So, it's going to try to get to that man was created for God. Man was to be the temple of God. Man was to be a place of God's rest. Is that right? Man was to be the temple. You notice what Steven says in Acts 7 and 46. who found favor before God, and desired to found a tabernacle, for the God of God, for the God of Jacob, but Solomon built him a house. How be it, the most high dwelleth not in temples, made with hands, saith the prophet. Heaven is my throne, and earth is my foottool. What house will you build me? Sayaith the Lord. Or what is a place of my rest? Hath not my hand made all these things? You stiff neck and you're stiff neck and uncircumcised in heart and ears. You do always resist the Holy Ghost as your fathers did. So do you. Satan has knowed that all along and he's wanted to indwell in man just like Adam or just like God even does. So I love what the prophet said. But God reserved that for himself. He said, "See, Satan wanted to create that for himself. He wanted to do that for himself. But Satan cannot do that. God alone a poor appeared in human flesh. Satan could not and cannot do that. He does not have creative powers. That's the only way for Satan to accomplish what he wanted to do was to enter into the serpent Eve. Even as he entered by evil spirits into the swine at Gdera, God does not enter animals. That's why you got to have a new birth. Because this first nature is beastly. That's why the prophet said, "A man without the Holy Ghost is a beast." God will not enter a beast. God will not enter an animal, but Satan can. You watch. If you're not born again, all of a sudden, you take on the nature of a devil. You watch devil possession. It come right in there. But you watch when God comes in. Your first nature was sticky. Your first nature was ugly. But when God breaks it, he now has built a place where he wants to come and he wants to feel. You see, Cain in the end, Cain bore the full spiritual characteristics of Satan and anim animalistic and the animalistic characteristics of the serpent. He found a place that he could deposit his seed and he could intermingle that seed. And then God said, "No more. Not happening. Not going to come this way no more. I'm not going to let Satan get that close." But I tell you what I'm going to do. You watch what Christ does at his ascension. He stands there and he preaches to them what he preached in Luke 24:49. That after me there's coming a comforter. That I'm going to send you a comforter. You watch what he does right there at his ascension. He said, "I'm going to tell you one thing." He said, "You go back down there at Jerusalem and you wait for power." He said, "Because look," he said, "John the Baptist baptized with water." He said, "But I'm going to baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire and there's 500 people that are standing there." God knew who was standing there. God knew who he was going to allow. Hallelujah. God knew who he was going to allow to stand real close to him and stand right there. God knew what field he was going to sew that in. And 380 of them could not make it up to the upper room because they did not have a deposit because they missed. But there was 120 that was willing to go all the way because a believer was in the womb of the earth and came up out of the ground just like the beast came up out of the ground. But the difference was what you accepted. You are also a womb for the spoken word. Watch this. It was just spoken at that time at his ascension, but it was a spoken word. But when it circled all the way around 10 days later and it got hooked on the inside of their womb, I'd say they got to singing that song. Something it got a hold of me. I said something got a hold of me. Well, I went to the upper room. Hallelujah. I went to the upper room and now there's no more gloom. Something. He got a hold of me. Something was spoken and then it became attached to the womb of their spirit. And now you begin to watch the bride coming of Christ. You begin to watch all of a sudden what was spoken just like it was over the virgin. Now it is in the womb of a virgin bride. Mary knows what it's like to get Jesus. on the inside of her womb. She's got a virgin womb. No man has handled it. But she's the only person to get Jesus twice. But this time, he wasn't leaving her body. This time, he was going to rest right there. You see, from the birth of the church on the day of Pentecost, the light began to strike that seed. The life of God began to manifest while he was there. From the day of Pentecost, the Holy Spirit started working through the church. miracle after miracle. Miracles of healings, miracles of deliverance, miracles of protection, miracles of judgment, miracles of provision, miracles of guidance. And God took pleasure in sewing his seed. You imagine, can you imagine how God felt? I'd say that God got a little smile on his face. realizing that he's getting ready to sew Peter into the ground. I'd say he got a little smile on his face and he's getting ready to throw Saul out there. And Satan's like, "Man, I got these boys for sure. I'm going to make him a cussing preacher. I'm going to make him get so close to Jesus." He said, "But I'm going to allow him to still have his first nature that he'll cut off the high priest solders's ear." I can imagine as Satan begins to smile at this old guy as he's be to sew and there goes Saul out and I say, "God's just smiling." You have no idea what I'm sewing. You have no idea what I'm getting ready to do. I'mma turn a cussing preacher into one of the greatest 15-minute preachers that you ever seen. You watch when Peter starts preaching. He only preaches 15 minutes, but I tell you, 3,000 souls were saved. You watch, he takes a man, you know, God's smiling when he takes a murderer and takes him into the first church age messenger. You know, God's got a smile, a sense of humor. When he takes a man that that a man that comes out of the heels of Kentucky that's got a bad name, but he sews him in the right spot, in the right season, What I'm trying to say to you, what Paul was made out of, Peter was made out of. What William Brandon was made out of, Paul was made out of. What you are made out of is the same thing that Paul and William Brandon was made out of. But what makes the difference? Jacob was made out of the same material that Esau was made out of. Judas was made out of the same material that Jesus was made out of. But what made the difference was the seed that had been sown. You are made out of the same material that the church is made out of. But what makes the difference? What makes the difference is what God has swn. Satan cannot stop what God has sown. He couldn't stop miracles. He couldn't stop healings. He could not stop discernments. He could not stop power. I say you never will and you never can. So you might as well give up, [Applause] devil. I'd say God still got a smile on his face. When I sold Shannon into this field, I knew that he'd be a son of God. When I sold India into this field, I knew she'd be a daughter of God. The rest of the world rejected it, Brother Doug. But God knew what he deposited. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe maybe I should just say it like this. Do you realize the honor that has been bestowed on you? I want you I want you to be I want you to be real real with yourself. Come on now. I'd say if you realize this, you'll walk in church different. You'll pray different. You'll worship different. You'll act different. You'll talk different. I'd say you'll come into church and you'll be concerned about one thing. This word. You will not be concerned what your neighbor did. You will not be concerned of how bad a week you had. You will not be concerned of how good a week you had. You will not be concerned how sick you are. It's time that you realize the power of this positive gospel. God put you here to have a positive attitude. That means staying in the word, staying in the message, staying in the truth. If you could recognize this honor that has been bestowed on you that you are the womb where the son of man comes to. Mary walked differently than the rest of the girls before the angel got to her. Come on now. You know when your life all the way through your life that there's been something different about you. People longed for things that you didn't long for. People longed and wanted things that you never wanted. But there was something on the inside of you that could not be satisfied with the things of Learosa. They could not be satisfied. Mary could not be satisfied with just being the wife of Joseph, but there was something longing on the inside of her. She said, "I don't know what it is, but there's something special. I feel like there's something special about me. I believe there's something I believe God's going to do something particular in my day. I believe that God's going to do something special through me. I believe that God's going to let me be his habitation. I believe that there all the days of your life, whether you could explain it or not, some of you grew up in a bad home. Some of you grew up in a place where God was not welcome. But something on the inside of you to manifest that spoken word to manifest what God had intended for you. Sister Gabriel, I had you on my mind when I was reading over this quote. He said, "Now we can preach the word." He said, "We can explain the word, but you got to receive the word." He said, "Oh, hallelujah. That's what sets it a fire, brother. When you receive it, the revelation, he said, something slips out of the unseen world yonder and comes rolling down through a mystical channel somewhere into your soul that says, "Now I see it." Your eyes begin to brighten. Your lip that's hung down begins to straighten up in a smile. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Every muscle in your body seems to rejoice. Something's going to happen. Something. You don't need to be in a prayer line. Then you got it. You are predestinated to receive this seed. You are in a position. If you're in a position, that means you're on the ground. Before God can pick you up, God's got to get you on the ground. And some of you was in the worst of conditions. Some of you was in a terrible spot, terrible families. But God had somebody. God had some dirt. God had some dirt. God had some dirt that he was going to deposit this seed in. You didn't look like Jesus. You didn't talk like Jesus. You didn't walk like Jesus. But this is the only kind that the word can bring forth. Let me say this church. I am fighting for a reason. I'm fighting for a reason. I feel the attack of the enemy in this room. I feel the attack of it. But let me say this to you. His attack will be thwarted. His power will be stopped. His rumors will be denied. His lies will be shut down. Brothers, there's something wrong here. Let me say this. The attack on the field will never stop the seed. Mercy be to Jesus. You are predestinated. I know hell hates this, but you was predestinated to receive this seat. But before you could receive it, you got to get in the spirit of receiving. Let me say this. Your time for rapture is at hand. Your time for deliverance is at hand. The time to fulfill what God has deposited is at hand. It's a time to move forward. It's a time to press a battle. It's a time to be quickened. And you are anointed to attack the enemy who has attacked you. There's been no other age that the pillar of fire has made its return by this hour. But when the light gets shown on the seed, my I tell you what, something's coming to life tonight. The pillar of fire has made its return. And I welcome that pillar of fire in this room. I welcome the message of the hour in this room. I welcome the son of man in this room. I welcome the anointing of the mighty angel into this room to throw back everything that Satan's tried to put against the church of the living God. Could you imagine as the circle, as the camp of Israel is going around and there's nothing but a bunch of rumors that are going around, there's nothing but a bunch of lies that are going around and saying that God's dead. That God does not have power no more. He's no longer God on the mountain. He's no longer God in the valley no more. But all of a sudden, the pillar of fire has circled the camp. It's went around the camp and it looked over Saul and he wouldn't produce it. It looked over David's brothers and they wouldn't produce it. But finally the pillar of fire found to David that he could anchor his word in and David wasn't going to reject it. Can you imagine how the pillar of fire danced before the Lord when he found David when Goliath was there and he was shouting and he was screaming, "Let your God be our God. Get out here and serve us." And Israel is getting ready to throw the white flag of defeat. They're getting ready to surrender. But all of a sudden, the pillar of fire founds the right one. That pillar of fire has worked through Leosa. Mercy. It's worked through Leosa and it found a Melvin and it found a Jonathan. And it found a Katie. Lord Jesus. Can you imagine how the pillar of fire felt when it watched Shamear as it went through attack after attack year after year? Constant abuse but one moment. How many needs a moment like that? One moment. One time in his presence changed Shamgar. [Applause] Shamgard didn't have to raise his voice. Shamgard didn't have to scream. But all of a sudden, a revelation struck him. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. I am who I am because the I am tells me who I am. Shame was saying, I'm not this way because my daddy made me this way. He was not saying, "I am this way because my granddaddy made me this way." He said, "But I am the I am's child, and I'm under the same covenant that Abraham's under." Bring your attack here one more time, devil. Bring your attack here one more time, and I'll get my ox go out and I'll whoop you from kingdom come. You attack my family one more time. You attack my family one more time. You attack my children one more time. Is these things on? Is anybody understanding what I'm [Applause] saying? Is that Shamgar had enough? In harvest time. In harvest time, he recognized who he was out of the same ground as the Philistines were made out of. But the power, there it is. But the power, what made the difference between Shamgar and the Philistines is what God deposited. If y'all could see what I'm seeing right now, if y'all can see what I'm seeing, you're getting ready to lose Satan. I see it. I see it. I see it. I see it. I'm saying that God has taken over your battle. God has taken over your situ. Elijah, you go lay on that dead boy's body and he'll get [Applause] up. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Come on. Throw that soldier on them dead bones and he'll get up. [Applause] You let that quickening power hit you one time. The quickening power doesn't make you what you are. It just shows what's there. The dynamics on the mechanics shows exactly what it is. That power that came on Shamgar, it didn't make him Shamgar. He was already Shamgar, but he recognized who he was in the presence of the Lord. Come on. The anointing that struck David did not make him David. You did not become seed by the rebirth. You were seed. Therefore, you can't be reborn. Come on, somebody. This message knew who it could call to, who could it could brood over, who it could make love to. And finally, when it found the spot, Hallelujah. That seed's got to land in the field of a believer. And when it landed on the inside of this bride, he found a place that would hold his covenant. And it's unconditional. That means you ain't got to dance for it. You ain't got to shout for it. You ain't got to give arms to the poor for it. Now I feel like a preacher. You ain't got to work for it. You ain't got to go down and feed soup down here to some hall to make you feel like a Christian. You ain't got to go down here and give the shirt off of your back to make you a Christian. What makes you a Christian is what God put on the inside of you. Let the world do what they're going to [Applause] do. Well, we're we're serving soup and we're having apple pie butter sales. We're having all these sales so that we can progress the kingdom of God. I say it's a lie. If you'll pay your tithe, you won't have to have an apple butter sale. You won't have to have a barbecue. Matter of fact, if you don't want to even give your tithe, my father owns a cattle on a thousand heels. And if you don't want to give your 10%, God will raise up somebody that'll outgive [Applause] you. Oh, I'm saying this to you. You ain't got to work it up and you ain't got to work it down. You ain't got to shout it up and you ain't got to shout it down. You ain't got to dance it up and you ain't got to dance it down. What God did for you is for you. Lord have mercy. That means get over yourself. Your mistakes will not make you a seed of God, but the seed of God on the inside of you will raise you past your mistakes. [Applause] Adam fell and he was still God's seed. David fell and he was still God's seed. Micah let him down and he was still God's seed. Isaiah let him down and he was still Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If I could, I'd just have myself a speaking in tongues service right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your mistakes don't own you, but the seed, the power, the anointing, the mind of Christ. He said, "I will establish my covenant with you, Abraham, between me and thy seed and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant to be God unto thee and to thy seed after thee." Brother Brandon said, "What is the seed of Abraham?" Now, not his flesh. Paul said, "Jew, that Jew outward is not Jew, but it's the Jew inwardly." What is the seed of Abraham? Those that believe the whole word of God. I will establish my covenant with you. I predestinated this covenant with thee and with thy seed and in each generation after thee that will believe it. Just believe it. What are you saying, brother Hendrew? I'm saying it like in the words of Peter upon all flesh. As even as many as the Lord our God shall call. I'm I'm I'm coming to a spot that I plan on rocking the socks off of Satan. He battled me for this spot and I'm here. You know, you know, it was told to my mama when I was a little bitty baby that there was going to be something mentally wrong with me. And Katie said, "That's a truth." They told her there was something wrong. They told her something he's not forming right. And they started whispering ideas about so-called abortion in that day. Saying things like, you know, he probably not going to make it. Things aren't going to be right. His heart's not forming right. They told me I had a heart murmur and all those things. If I did have a mind that was messed up, God restored it. And I used to have a heart murmur and then God restored it. I'm glad my mama didn't decide to give me up. I'm really glad that she didn't listen to the doctors. I may not have that exactly right because I know that something is wrong up top. I am a fool. A fool for Christ. There is something wrong with me. But leave me alone. I enjoy the way I am. Me and brother William was fellowshipping back a few weeks ago and we was fellowshipping on this alt that at the spot of conception I was in was that place in Kentucky we was at that museum the creation museum and they got this whole uh a whole section about the birth of a child and in there but me and brother William started fellowship. This is where it come to my mind. We was talking about that at conception that at conception there is a light that happens at conception. When the egg and the sperm connect together, there's a light that goes off. Now, science, me and Katie was listening to this scientist as he was talking to this this past week and he was talking. He said, "Now what we do, we use chemicals to be able to see that light as it comes as as that seed is sewn and it it conceives, the light comes on." Now, I don't know about using no chemicals, but I do know about using revelation. That when revelation strikes a seed, that a light transfers. Now you know brothers good and well that there's a time in a certain season in the natural that you have a time to sew your seed. Is that right? There's a time when you have a chance to sew your seed. And when it gets past that season, it's past its spot. You can sew the seed, but it'll never come to life. That's why you Abraham could keep sewing in Sarah's field and it would never reproduce anything because there there was a deadness on that field. So God said, "I will restore. I will literally bring her back to her first state so that she's able to conceive." Matter of fact, he did it even better than her first spot because in her first self, she could never produce the son of man. In your first nature, you can never be the bride of Jesus Christ. So, he birthed you again. And light transformed at the conception of the revelation of who Jesus was. And light hit light and it come to life. Blessed be the name of the Lord. A lot at conception. Now you know what I'm talking about. You that were raised trinitarians and all of a sudden you come under some anointed preaching and all of a sudden it begin to breathe over you. It begin to breathe over you. There's only one God and his name is Jesus Christ. It didn't look like it on the outside, but on the inside there was a light and the light transferred and it was a conception there. Brother Brandham said this. And who is this Melzdc? Here we are formed to the word image to be a partaker of the word by being predestinated since the beginning. You see that little spark of life that you had from the beginning when you started your journey. Many of you can remember it. You joined this church and you joined that church. You tried this and you tried that and nothing satisfied you. But one day that spark of life come over you and you recognized it. Brother Brandham said about Zakius, that little we little man. He said there was a woman back there that heard about Jesus. He said she was praying over Zakius, praying that God would do something for him. She had recognized him as a son of man. She had recognized that that was a son of God. Brother Brandon said that Zakius was a rich man. He said he was a kind of man that golfed with the pastor on Sundays. He was a good guy. He was rich. He said he was honorable. He said, "But he just didn't have it." Kind of like a lot of you when you first were. But Rebecca got to praying. God, you see my husband, he ain't came to this light yet. He ain't come to this truth yet, but God, I pray you choose something. She said, "All," Brother Brandham said, "I see him." He said, "I see him." And there's Zakius. Said, "All of a sudden, he can't sleep at night. He begins to get restless rolling over there, and he said something woke up on the inside of Rebecca. And Rebecca begin to recognize that God was dealing with Zakius." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He had done everything he could. But when her prayers started breaking into a realm, I say mothers keep on praying. Mas keep on praying. Daddies keep on praying. That Zakius is waring with himself. So Zakius wakes up. You know what? Today I put the rumors aside. I'm going to find out if this William Brandham's a truth or not. I'm going to find out if this message is right or not. So, I'm going to get I'm going to get to a spot and I'm not going to miss nothing. So, Brother Man said, here he was. Oh, all dressed up and fine and nice. You know, he come in his Easter best. He couldn't see cuz he's so short. Must have been kin to our pastor. And he could see the crowd are coming. So he said, "You know what? There's a trash can right there." And he brings a trash can over. And he steps up on the trash can to get a little better look. And all of a sudden, he falls in at the prophet's head. And here he is all dressed up. He's got all that rubbish and that trash all over him. And he climbs up on top this little tree just to see. Brother Brandham said it like this. He said, ' If there is a spark of life in you, he said he'll put something in your path to make it come to life. Let me say this. You might have to climb up a tree to see him. You might have to get on a garbage can to see him. But I say it's worth it. You may not realize what your prayers are doing. But I say it'll make your prodals climb upon a trash can to find Jesus. And all of a sudden, here he comes. Is this message right? Is what he said the truth is? Is really what he he spoke over Georgie Carter? Is that the true? Really? Is is what he did down there with the blind man. Is it really true? Is it really true what happened with Hattie's sons? Is it really true that there are squirrels that was created? Is it is it really true and you had the questions and God said, "Zakius, get down. Get down off your pride for a minute. Get down off that tree. You don't have to climb up somewhere high to see me, but I'm going to come right there where you live at and I'm going to make sure that that word that I sold will come to life. Brother man, brother Brandon was talking about the woman at the well. He said that she had been with every kind of man said, "But there's something different about her. She was always looking for the Messiah." He said, "But when that light struck that seed," because she had representation by predestination. He said, "When the light struck the seed, she recognized that that was everything that she was looking for." I say this, brother, she was walking in the light. Jesus said in John 12:35, "Yet a little while is a light with you. Walk while you have the light, lest darkness come upon you. For he that walketh in darkness, knoweth not whether he goeth. Paul said in Ephesians 5:8, "For you were sometimes darkness, but now are you the light in the Lord. Walk as children of light." John said in 1 John 1:7, "But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, then we have fellowship with one another." Amen. What are you saying? I'm saying where you're walking is light. You know, I always wondered I always wondered how did John realize that was the lamb of God? That's his cousin, but how did he realized it? That's his flesh, but how did he recognize it? Now, I always wonder that. How did he know? How did he know that it wasn't just his cousin? Just like, how did you know it wasn't Homer Fraser that prophesied over you? How did you know it wasn't just Brother Ron that prophesied over you? When that's your own kin in your flesh? I wondered about that. And then I got to reading one day where brother Brandon said that John the Baptist was watching and he was out there in the Jordan. He was baptizing. He said, "All of a sudden," he said, "Here comes Jesus walking down through there." He said, "How we recognized it was by the light." How we recognize it was by the light. How do I know that you're children of the light? Look at this dark world. But there's a light. There's a light. How do you know? Come on, somebody. in 1933 on the Ohio River. It was more than a man that was standing there. But there was a lot that said John the Baptist for the first coming of Christ. So were your message, Joe. It's going to mean something to you. Hallelujah. It was that voice that could scream out with a light flickering and said, "House of hell, give way in the name of Jesus Christ. How do I know who you who you are? By the light. Bless be the name of the Lord. Brother Random taps into it and I'm I'm coming to a close but I have battled here and here we are. When brother Random goes into Revelation chapter 4 and he dives so heavily in this, if you can catch what brother William spoke last Saturday, he recognized this that when John breaks into Revelation chapter 4 and he starts seeing the veil, the glory behind the veil, brother Brandham said in the Revelation series, he said, "Here comes now to the revelator in yellowish green. He comes to us in yellow is green. The light. Walk in the light. He is the light. What did this message say to you? And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a rainbow upon his head. And his feet was as it were the sun. and his feet and his feet and his feet and his feet and his body. Come on, somebody. The head is here. We're his body and his feet. Somebody look at your neighbor, say, "And his feet and his feet were his pillars of fire." He came unto us in yellowish, greenest, amber light. So walk in the light and his feet were as pillars of fire. What are you saying? I'm saying you're the anointed body bride of Jesus Christ. So put the devil under your feet. Walk in the light as he is in the light. when there was two on the road to Emmas and on their road they went back just as hard as they could go lightfooted just shouting the victory to tell them the Lord has raised indeed notice again he said they were lightfooted he said I remember when the Lord forgive me he said I felt like a million pounds went off my back and I never even touched the step going towards a house I didn't know nothing about shouting he said I wish I could have one of them experiences right now. He said, "I'd make up for that time." He said, "I know that something had happened." I went in and grabbed my song book. My mother said, "What's the matter?" I said, "I don't know." I grabbed my Bible. I couldn't read it. He said, "I was too nervous and happy." She said, "Well, what's the matter?" I said, "I don't know." I slipped out the door and went down. He said, "There's a great big railroad track behind our place, and I run down the railroad track." He said, "I jumped in the hair. Jumped in the air just as hard as I could, trying to give vent to the feeling." He said, "What a time." That's for every man tonight and woman who's never experienced Christ Jesus, the freedom of forgiven sin, walking lightfooted. Hallelujah. Don't get scared. Hallelujah. It means praise our God. You know he's worthy of our praises that you can give him. Notice, walk in lightfooted. Walk in the light as he is the light. Again, he said you come because you love him. And I'm trusting that God will send you away, not empty. He never sends anyone empty who comes to him. He will send you away with a full heart of joy. Lightfooted. Lightfooted. going down the street rejoicing and praising God as you move along. What are you talking about, Brother Andrew? I'm saying it's time you put some light under your feet. I'm saying it's time you put some light under your feet. I'm saying it like Paul said it. And you have his shaw with a foot with the preparation of the gospel of Jesus Christ. And you study out their soldiers shoes is powerful. Musicians can come. Their shoes had spikes and they had greaves all the way going up their ankle. And there was great big metal grieavves spears that were coming out. And not only was they on the top of their feet, but they was on the bottom of their shoe. So when they was standing in battle, when you read Ephesians 6, and when they're standing there in battle, they've got their spears on the bottom of their shoes where they can't go backwards. That'll make you be able to withstand the attack of the enemy. It is said in history that just a few seconds of stomping on your fallen enemy will put him to death. Just one swift kick will kill the enemy. I say it's time to put on your shoes. I say it's time to put on your shoes. I say it's time to put on your dancing shoes. You remember that little story I told you one time about them animals that was playing football. Remember had that there's two teams. One had the elephant, one had the rhino. Other side was the giraffe and the tiger. and the elephant and his team, they're winning and they're running and they're just beating this other team, the Tiger and their team. They're beating them to death. Beating them to death. The score is 52 to nothing at halftime. About halftime, they come back out and all of a sudden, here comes a touchdown from the Tigers team. Here comes the touchdown and the Elephants team never scored one more time. never scored one more time. That Tiger, his line, his team, they kept on running. Here come a touchdown. Here come a touchdown. Here come a touchdown. And the line and a Tiger, they called a timeout. Said, "What in the world is going on?" And here come a little bitty old centipede come rolling into the into the huddle. Said, "Where were you at the first half?" That little centipede was whooping the elephant and all of his team upside and down. He said, "Where was you at in the first half?" He said, "Sorry, coach. I was putting my shoes on. It took me a minute to get my shoes on, but when I got them on, I say it's high time that you put your dancing shoes on and you stomp a mud hole in the devil that's been to stop a mud hole in you. Come on, somebody. Put your shoes on. Come on, put your dancing shoes on. Put your war shoes on. Put your victory shoes on. Walk in the light as he is the light. May God bless you. Do me a favor and put your victory shoes on because the attack ain't going to stop the seed. God bless you. [Music] Amen. As I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand. Oh, the bride of Christ born in a wedding dress. Just like in the days of home. Well, they stood in a gym mode and they turned this whole world upside down. She's rising up. Oh, rise up. Oh, there's a new testament church. Rising up, Jesus. Rising up. Oh, rise up. Oh, there's a New Testament church rising up. Now, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Both signs and wonders done by the apostles. Hey, demon spirits were cast out in the jail. Savior shout while surrounded by God's holy angel baby. Jesus rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, there's a New Testament church. Rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, there's a new Testament church rising up. Oh, hell. If you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, well, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, in the last days, he will pour out his spirit more and more. Like a mighty strength he rising up. We're rising up. Oh, we run testing church. Rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, we're a New Testament church. rising up. Now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost is failed. All signs and wonders done by the apostles fail. Oh demon spirits were cast out in the jail they sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel name. We rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, we run New Testament church. Rising up. Oh, rising up. We rising up. Oh, we run New Testament church. Rising up. Well, and you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done. Well, I have some good news to bring to you. For in the last days, he will pour and his spirit more and more like a mighty strength. He'll renew. We rise up. We're rising up. Oh, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. We rise up. Oh, we run New Testament church. Rising up. Rising up. We rising up. Oh, rising up. for we run new testament. [Music] [Music] Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, well, I have some good news to bring to you. Oh, in the last days, he will pour our spirit more and more like the mighty strength he'll renew. We rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, we run through church. Rising up. We're rising up. We rising up. Oh, we're that good. Rising one more time. We're rising up. Rising up. Oh, we run New Testament church. Rising up. We rising up. Oh, rising up. Oh, we run testament. Rising up. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Are you part of that New Testament church rising up? That seed that's been quickened, something laying on the inside of you from the foundation of the world. That's me. That's me. Amen. Let's sing a song. I've been changed. I've been reborn now. Aren't you glad that you this season? Well, I've been to the river and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, I redeemed from this creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his away. Oh my life. Praise God. Have been changed. Although my sins were scaring, they white as snow. I was found. But today I am free. Well, I was lost in the darkness, but now I am found. Oh, thank God. And I see. Oh, I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn now. Oh, my life has been re. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh my life. Praise God. Happy J. Open at last in his presence while I'll stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, and I'll thank him for giving me a rich life me a new home beyond yellow sky. Will I be changed? Well, I've been reborn now. Oh, my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it made. Will the Lord had his way all my life. Praise God. Happy one more time. Will I be changed? Will I be reborn now? Oh, my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord had his way in my life. We'll see in the morning. God richly bless you. Will I be changed? Will I be reborn now? Oh, my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord had his way. Oh my life. Praise God. Happy change. [Music]
